~ Blown 


r 

fy 
: ae So ee, —— 
* 


Ko» Cuttlefish That Poves Biving es 


AUTHOR: 


Cuttlefish That Loves Diving (# 34K 4 29k) 
PUBLISHER: 
Qidian 


TRANSLATION: 


CHyalon (Atlas Studios) [Webnovell 


ILLUSTRATIONS: 


Official Weibe of Lolll, AFA. Ghonz, PAA EP 


COMPILING/EDITING/DESIGN: 


SooYouna 


\ \ CoP yrin ae Cuttlefish pal LOves:Diving (# 4K Dis). 


All rights reserved. 


This is a non-profit fan-work. Do not use it for any commerc 
purposes. Support the author in any way you can. 


No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by a 
electronic or mechanical means, including information stora 
and retrieval systems, without written permission from t 
author. 


This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, business, events a 
incidentsfere the products of the author's imagination. A 
resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events 
purely coincidental. 


‘tm! Therrtoing tide} of SLenIgPOWwEY agul cattery whore 
Becomerclose to io)beingn Beyorder? Shroudediimihefogot histo 
7 pang daTRneSS) Whoonwhatis the 3 isis evil thalfimurmn 


Wakingeupy tonbe alae a string of:mysteries, Zh 
Mingrnipfinds himsell reincarnated o5 Klein Moretti in 
alternate Victorian era world where he sees o world filled wi 
machinery, cannons, ureadnoughts, sirships, differen 
machines) 15 well a5 Potions, Vivination, Hexes, Carot Cart 
Sealed Artifacts... 


Ghe Light continues to shine but mystery has never gone fe 
Follow Klein a5 he finds himself entangled with the Church 
of the world—both orthodox and unorthodox while he slow 
‘tacts na powers thanks to the Beyonder potions. 
Mikewthe) corresponding tarot cord, Che Fool, which 

numbered ( 0—a number of unlimited potentiol—this is t 
legend of@Ghe Fool . 


Table of Contents 


FRONT COVER 
FULL COVER 
VOLUME 1: CLOWN 
COPYRIGHT 
SYNOPSIS 
CHAPTER 1: CRIMSON 
CHAPTER 2: SITUATION 
CHAPTER 3: MELISSA 
CHAPTER 4: DIVINATION 
CHAPTER 5: RITUAL 
CHAPTER 6: BEYONDER 
CHAPTER 7: CODE NAMES 
CHAPTER 8: A HEW ERA 
CHAPTER 8: THE NOTEBOOK 
CHAPTER 10: THE NORM 
CHAPTER 11: REAL CULINARY SKILLS 
CHAPTER 12: HERE AGAIN 
CHAPTER 13: NIGHTHAWK 
CHAPTER 14: THE MEDIUM 
CHAPTER 15: THE INVITATION 
CHAPTER 16: RAT-BRITING WITH DOGS 


CHAPTER 17: SPECIAL OPERATIONS DEPARTMENT 
CHAPTER 18: ORIGIN AND CAUSE 
CHAPTER 18: SEALED ARTIFACTS 

CHAPTER 20: THE FORGETEUL DUNN 
CHAPTER 21: AN OLD FRIEND IN A DIFFERENT WORLD 
CHAPTER 22: STARTING SEQUENCE 
CHAPTER 23: SIDE ARM 
CHAPTER 24: PENNY-PINCHER 
CHAPTER 25: CATHEDRAL 
CHAPTER 26: PRACTICE 
CHAPTER 27: SIBLINGS’ DINNER 
CHAPTER 28: SECRET ORDER 
CHAPTER 28: “JOBS” AND RENTALS ARE SERIOUS BUSINESS 
CHAPTER 30: BRAND NEW BEGINNING 
CHAPTER 31: POTION 
CHAPTER 22: SPIRIT VISION 
CHAPTER 23: SWITCH 
CHAPTER 24: ADVANCE PAYMENT 
CHAPTER 25: EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION 
CHAPTER 36: A SIMPLE QUESTION 
CHAPTER 237: THE CLUB 
CHAPTER 28: NOVICE HOBBYIST 
CHAPTER 38: INTERESTING TRICK 


CHAPTER 40: MYSTICISM CURRICULUM 
CHAPTER 41: AUDREY AND HER SUSIE 
CHAPTER 42: BUTLER KLEE 
CHAPTER 43: SEARCH 
CHAPTER 44: FATE 
CHAPTER 45: RETURNING 
CHAPTER 46: PORTRAIT 
CHAPTER 47: OLD NEIL'S LACK OF MONEY 
CHAPTER 48: HANASS VINCENT 
CHAPTER 48: DIVINATION ART 
CHAPTER 50: OLD NEIL'S METHOD OF REPAYMENT 
CHAPTER 51: THE GROUNDED RITUALISTIC MAGIC 
CHAPTER 52: SPECTATOR 
CHAPTER 52: LISTENER 
CHAPTER 54: THE FIRST DIVINATION REQUESTER 
CHAPTER 59: REVELATION 
CHAPTER 56: ESCAPE FROM THE SEA 
CHAPTER 57: ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY 
CHAPTER 58: A TRAIN OF THOUGHT 
CHAPTER 59: ROSELLE’S ORIGINS 
CHAPTER 60: SECOND BLASPHEMY SLATE 
CHAPTER 61: STRANGE SYMBOL 
CHAPTER 62: THE SEER’S SUGGESTION 


CHAPTER 63: DREAM INTERPRETATION 
CHAPTER 64: INSTIGATOR 
CHAPTER 65: BEYONDER INFORMATION 
CHAPTER 66: DEMONESS SECT 
CHAPTER 67: RESPONSE 
CHAPTER 68: MONSTER 
CHAPTER 68: PROTECTION AMULET 
CHAPTER 70: 2-049’S ARRIVAL 
CHAPTER 71: SLUGGISH PHENOMENON 
CHAPTER 72: TRACKING 
CHAPTER 73: FIRST BATTLE 
CHAPTER 74: RAY BIEBER 
CHAPTER 75: SAVING HIMSELF 
CHAPTER 76: DEALING WITH THE AFTERMATH 
CHAPTER 77: REMNANT ITEMS 
CHAPTER 78: TRAUMA 
CHAPTER 78: ANOTHER MURMURING 
CHAPTER 80: BANQUET INVITATION 
CHAPTER 81: FINALLY MEETING 
CHAPTER 82: HERB STORE 
CHAPTER 82: CARVING 
CHAPTER 84: ELIZABETH 
CHAPTER 85: URGENCY 


CHAPTER 86: PRAYER 
CHAPTER 87: EXHORTATION 
CHAPTER 88: REPORT 
CHAPTER 88: A SIMPLE MISSION 
CHAPTER $0: FINDINGS BY SIGHT 
CHAPTER $1: SOLUTION 
CHAPTER $2: PSYCHOLOGICAL EXPERT 
CHAPTER $3: NEW DIARY PAGE 
CHAPTER $4: HIDDEN SAGE 
CHAPTER 95: THE SUPPLICANT 
CHAPTER 96: DALY'S GUESS 
CHAPTER $7: COMBAT TEACHER 
CHAPTER $8: MR. AZIK 
CHAPTER $8: RED CHIMNEY 
CHAPTER 100: INTERPRETING SYMBOLS 
CHAPTER 104: UNEXPECTED CLUE 
CHAPTER 102: CLOTH MERCHANT 
CHAPTER 103: DOING AS THE HEART WILLED 
CHAPTER 104: MR. Z 
CHAPTER 105: SPIRIT CHANNELING 
CHAPTER 106: ARTIST KLEIN 
CHAPTER 107: FORS 
CHAPTER 108: DEEP INTO THE NIGHT 


CHAPTER 108: DEDUCTION 
CHAPTER 110: CONFIRMATION 
CHAPTER 111: LETTING SLIP 
CHAPTER 112: AZIK’S EXPLANATION 
CHAPTER 113: REQUEST 
CHAPTER 114: THE STANDARDS OF A MEMBER 
CHAPTER 115: CHEAT 
CHAPTER 116: LANEVUS’S CHILD 
CHAPTER 117: CONTACT 
CHAPTER 118: AUGUST 
CHAPTER 118: THE TRUE LOWER STREET 
CHAPTER 120: WORKHOUSE 
CHAPTER 121: LEONARD'S HYPOTHESIS 
CHAPTER 122: TARGET BUILDING 
CHAPTER 123: BEYONDER BATTLE 
CHAPTER 124: WRAPPING UP WORK 
CHAPTER 125: BOLD [DER 
CHAPTER 126: DIVINATION ISN’T ALL-POWERFUL 
CHAPTER 127: LAYING THE FOUNDATIONS 
CHAPTER 128: THE IMPOVERISHED FOOL 
CHAPTER 128: RAMPAGER 
CHAPTER 130: BACKLUND’S SECRET GATHERING 
CHAPTER 131: TRANSACTION 


CHAPTER 122: MEETING THE MONSTER AGAIN 
CHAPTER 123: EXPENSIVE CHARMS 
CHAPTER 134: IT’S BEEN MORE THAN A MINUTE 
CHAPTER 135: PORTRAIT OF A BARON 
CHAPTER 126: THE STUMPED KLEIN 
CHAPTER 137: CITY OF SILVER 
CHAPTER 138: GIANT PATHWAY 
CHAPTER 138: STUDYING 3-0782 
CHAPTER 140: EXPERT AT COURTING DEATH 
CHAPTER 141: NIGHTMARE 
CHAPTER 142: ASSOCIATION 
CHAPTER 143: THE FOOL’S REAL-TIME TRANSLATOR 
CHAPTER 144: THREE-WAY DEAL 
CHAPTER 145: REQUEST FOR COOPERATION 
CHAPTER 146: CREEPING HUNGER 
CHAPTER 147: NIGHT VISITOR 
CHAPTER 148: MESSENGER 
CHAPTER 148: DIRECT HINT 
CHAPTER 150: AZIK’S DISCOVERY 
CHAPTER 151: KLEIN'S REQUEST 
CHAPTER 152: NICE ATTEMPT 
CHAPTER 153: FINAL ACT OF LAYING THE FOUNDATION 
CHAPTER 154: SHARING “EXPERIENCE” 


CHAPTER 155: URGENT MEETING 
CHAPTER 156: MELISSA WHO TAXES THE LONG VIEW 
CHAPTER 157: ITEM OF HIS DREAMS 
CHAPTER 158: PREPAREDNESS AVERTS PERIL 
CHAPTER 158: BESTOWMENT AND SACRIFICE 
CHAPTER 160: SEIZING THE OPPORTUNITY 
CHAPTER 164: INVERTED MAUSOLEUM 
CHAPTER 162: INTENSE SUNLIGHT 
CHAPTER 162: VARIOUS SIGHS 
CHAPTER 164: MISERABLE WRETCHES 
CHAPTER 165: EPITAPH 
CHAPTER 166: EXAMINATION 
CHAPTER 167: HOLY ARTIFACT 
CHAPTER 168: CLOWN POTION 
CHAPTER 168: NEW ABILITIES 
CHAPTER 170: COPPER WHISTLE 
CHAPTER 171: PROMOTION AND PAY RAISE 
CHAPTER 172: “AUTOPSY” 

CHAPTER 173: ZOMBIEFICATION 
CHAPTER 174: MADAM SHARON 
CHAPTER 175: DEDUCTION 
CHAPTER 176: LETTER 
CHAPTER 177: SUDDEN TURN OF EVENTS 


CHAPTER 178: THE SUBSEQUENT IDEAS 
CHAPTER 178: PRAISING MR. FOOL 
CHAPTER 180: A SMART PERSON ALWAYS OVERTHINKS 
CHAPTER 181: DIFFERENT STATE 
CHAPTER 182: WANDERER KLEIN 
CHAPTER 182: A LESSON ON MEDIUMSHIP 
CHAPTER 184: BEHIND THE GATE 
CHAPTER 185: SPIRITUAL WORLD 
CHAPTER 186: THE HANDSOME CAPTAIN 
CHAPTER 187: AZIK’S WARNING 
CHAPTER 188: BALL 
CHAPTER 188: PRAYERS AND REPLIES 
CHAPTER 180: THE ASSORTMENT OF ABILITIES 
CHAPTER 181: UNCLEAR MOTIVES 
CHAPTER 192: ATTENTION 
CHAPTER 193: COMING TO A CLOSE 
CHAPTER 194: INFILTRATION 
CHAPTER 185: “LOCKPICKING EXPERT” KLEIN 
CHAPTER 186: SPIRIT MEDIUM MIRROR 
CHAPTER 197: OPERATION 
CHAPTER 198: APPROPRIATING UNIQUENESS 
CHAPTER 188: SUCCESSFUL TOSS OF THE DIE 
CHAPTER 200: THE DEMONESS OF PLEASURE 


CHAPTER 201: INQUIRY 
CHAPTER 202: CONFIRMING THE SITUATION 
CHAPTER 203: MUTANT 
CHAPTER 204: VISITOR 
CHAPTER 205: URGENT ARRANGEMENT 
CHAPTER 206: GRADE 2 SEALED ARTIFACTS 
CHAPTER 207: GUARDIAN 
CHAPTER 208: CRY 
CHAPTER 208: LIGHT 
CHAPTER 210: STORY 
CHAPTER 211: FUNERAL 
CHAPTER 212: AVENGER 
CHAPTER 213: ANOTHER LOOK 
END OF VOLUME 1 
PATHWAYS GUIDE 
IMAGE GALLERY 
CHARACTERS 
LOCATIONS 
MAP OF THE LORD OF MYSTERIES WORLD 
TO BE CONTINUED Il... 

BACK COVER 


Chapter 1: Crimson 
Painful! 
How painful! 
My head hurts so badly! 


A gaudy and dazzling dreamworld filled with murmurs instantly 
shattered. The sound asleep Zhou Mingrui felt an abnormal 
throbbing pain in his head as though someone had ruthlessly 
lashed at him with a pole again and again. No, it was more like 
a sharp object pierced right through his temples followed by a 
twist! 


Ouch... In his stupor, Zhou Mingrui attempted to turn around, 
look up, and sit up; however, he was completely unable to move 
his limbs as though he had lost control over his body. 


From the looks of it, ’'m still not awake. I’m still in a dream... 
Who knows, perhaps the next scene will be of me thinking I’m 
already awake, but in fact, am actually still sleeping... 


Zhou Mingrui, who was not unfamiliar with similar encounters, 
tried his best to focus in order to escape the shackles placed upon 
him by the darkness and confusion. 


However, while still in his reverie, whatever will he could 
summon was ethereal like a fleeting fog. He found his thoughts 
difficult to control and introspect. No matter how much he tried, 
he still lost his focus as random thoughts surfaced in his mind. 


Why would I suddenly have such an excruciating headache in the 
middle of the night? 


And it’s really painful! 


Could it be something like a cerebral hemorrhage? 


F**k, don’t tell me I’m going to die young? 


I need to wake up! Now! 


Eh? Why doesn’t it seem to hurt as much as before? But why does 
it still feel like a blunt knife is slicing through my brains... 


From the looks of it, I won’t be able to continue sleeping anymore. 
How am I to show up for work tomorrow? 


Why am I still thinking about work? This is some authentic 
headache. Of course I have to take time off! I don’t have to worry 
about my manager’s grumblings! 


Hey, putting it that way, it doesn’t seem too bad. Hehe, I can end 
up getting some spare time for myself! 


Throbbing pain inundated Zhou Mingrui, allowing him to slowly 
accumulate immaterial strength until he was finally able to 
move his back and open his eyes. He finally broke free from his 
reverie. 


His vision first blurred before it was screened by a faint crimson 
red. All he could see was a study desk made of burly wood in 


front of him. Right in the middle was an opened notebook with 
coarse, yellow pages. The title was eye-catchingly written with 
strange, deep black lettering. 


To the left of the notebook was a stack of neatly arranged books, 
numbering about eight. The wall on their right was inset with 
grayish-white pipes with wall lamps connected to them. 


The lamp had a classical Western style to it. It was about half the 
size of an adult’s head with an inner layer of transparent glass 
and an exterior gridded with black metal. 


Diagonally beneath the lamp was a black ink bottle shrouded in 
a pale red glow. Its embossed surface formed a blurry angel 
pattern. 


In front of the ink bottle and to the right of the notebook sat a 
dark-colored pen with a fully circular body. Its tip shimmered 
with a faint glint while its cap rested right beside a brass 
revolver. 


A gun? A revolver? Zhou Mingrui was completely taken aback. 
The things laid before him were alien to him. It looked nothing 
like his room! 


While feeling shocked and confused, he discovered that the desk, 
notebook, ink bottle, and revolver were covered in a layer of 
crimson ‘veil, a result of the light shining from the window. 


Subconsciously, he looked up and shifted his gaze up bit by bit. 


In midair, a crimson moon hung high above the backdrop of a 
‘black velvet curtain,’ glowing in silence. 


This... Zhou Mingrui felt inexplicably horrified as he stood up 
abruptly. However, before his feet fully straightened, his brain 
protested with throbbing pain. It made him temporarily lose his 
strength as he fell uncontrollably. His buttocks slammed heavily 
onto the burly wood chair. 


Pa! 


The pain did little. Zhou Mingrui stood up again by propping 
himself up. He turned around in a fluster as he began to size up 
the environment he was in. 


The room was not very large, with a brown door on each side of 
the room. Close to an opposite wall was a low wooden bed. 


Between the bed and the left door was a cabinet. Its two doors 
were swung open and beneath it were five drawers. 


To the side of the cabinet, there was the same grayish-white pipe 
on the wall at the height of a person. However, it was connected 
to a strange mechanical device with exposed gears and bearings 
in several spots. 


Items resembling coal stoves sat in the right corner of the room 
near the table, along with soup pots, iron pots, and other kitchen 
utensils. 


Across the right door was a dressing mirror with two cracks. Its 
bottom was made of wood and the patterns were simple and 
plain. 


With a sweep of his gaze, Zhou Mingrui noticed himself in the 
mirror—the present him. 


Black hair, brown eyes, a linen shirt, thinly built, average- 
looking features and a rather deep outline... 


This... Zhou Mingrui immediately drew a gasp as many helpless 
and confused guesses surfaced in his mind. 


The revolver in ancient European style and the crimson moon 
that looked different from Earth’s moon could only mean one 
thing! 


C-could I have transmigrated? Zhou Mingrui widened his mouth 
slightly. 


He had grown up reading web novels and had often fantasized 
over such scenes. However, he momentarily found it hard to 
accept the situation when he found himself in one. 


This was probably what it means to love a fantasy [1|? In a 
minute, Zhou Mingrui had already cursed himself while trying 
to make the best out of his adverse situation. 


If not for the still throbbing headache that made his thoughts 
high strung but clear, he would have definitely suspected that he 
was dreaming. 


Calm down, calm down, calm down... After taking a few deep 
breaths, Zhou Mingrui worked hard to stop panicking. 


At that moment, as his mind and body calmed down, memories 
began flooding him as they slowly appeared in his mind! 


Klein Moretti, a citizen of the Northern Continent’s Loen 


Kingdom, Awwa County, City of Tingen. He is also a recent 
graduate from the Department of History at Khoy University... 


His father was a sergeant of the Imperial Army who had 
sacrificed himself during a colonial conflict with the Southern 
Continent. The bereavement allowance gave Klein the 
opportunity to study at a private language school and laid the 
foundation for his admission into university... 


His mother was a devotee of the Evernight Goddess. She passed 
away the year Klein passed the entrance examinations to Khoy 
University... 


He also had an elder brother and a younger sister. They stayed in 
a two bedroom apartment together... 


Their family was not wealthy and its situation could even be 
described as somewhat wanting. At present, the family was 
supported solely by the elder brother who worked at an import 
and export company as a clerk... 


As a history graduate, Klein grasped knowledge of the ancient 
Feysac language—deemed the origin of all languages in the 
Northern Continent—as well as the Hermes language which 
often appeared in ancient mausoleums as well as text regarding 
sacrificial and praying rituals... 


Hermes language? Zhou Mingrui’s mind stirred as he reached out 
to rub his throbbing temples. He cast his gaze toward the table at 
the opened notebook. He noticed that the text on the yellowed 
paper turned from strange to alien, before turning from alien to 
something familiar. It then turned into something readable. 


It was text written in Hermes language! 


The dark ink wrote the following: 


“Everyone will die, including me.” 


Hiss! Zhou Mingrui felt inexplicably horrified. He instinctively 
leaned back in an attempt to widen the distance between him 
and the notebook, as well as the text on it. 


Being very weak, he nearly fell down but managed to extend his 
hands in a fluster to hold onto the edge of the table. He felt that 
the surrounding air was turbulent as though there were faint 
murmurings resounding in it. The feeling was akin to hearing 
horror stories being recounted by elders when he was young. 


He shook his head, believing that everything was an illusion. 
Zhou Mingrui found his balance and shifted his gaze from the 
notebook as he heaved for breath. 


This time, his gaze landed on the shimmering brass revolver. He 
suddenly had a question arise in him. 


With Klein’s family situation, how can they have the money or 
means to buy a revolver? 


Zhou Mingrui could not help but frown. 


While in deep thought, he suddenly discovered a red handprint 
to the side of the table. Its color was deeper than the moonlight 
and much thicker than the ‘veil.’ 


It was a bloody handprint! 


A bloody handprint? Zhou Mingrui subconsciously flipped his 
right hand that had been holding the edge of the table. Looking 
down, he saw that his palm and fingers were covered in blood. 


At the same time, the throbbing pain in his head continued. 
Although it had weakened a little, it continued incessantly. 


Did I smash my head open? 


Zhou Mingrui guessed as he turned around and walked towards 
a cracked dressing mirror. 


A few steps later, a black-haired figure of medium build and 
brown eyes appeared clearly in front of him. The person had a 
distinct scholarly air to him. 


Is this the present me? Klein Moretti? 


Zhou Mingrui was stunned momentarily. Since there was 
insufficient lighting at night, he failed to see something clearly. 
He continued forward until he was just a step short from 
colliding with the mirror. 


Using the crimson veil-like moonlight as illumination, he turned 
his head and examined the corner of his forehead. 


A clear reflection appeared in the mirror. His temple had a 
grotesque wound with burn marks along its periphery. Blood 
stained the wound’s surroundings and there were grayish-white 
brain juices squirming slowly within. 


1. This is actually a proverb that describes Lord Ye. In 
ancient times, Lord Ye was very fond of dragons, 
adorning his whole palace—beams, pillars, doors, 
windows and walls—with drawings and carvings of 
them. When a real dragon in heaven heard of this, it 
was deeply moved by his infatuation and paid him a 
visit. When Lord Ye saw the real dragon thrusting its 
head in through the window of his study and its tail 
moving in his palace, he was frightened out of the 
house for his life. Clearly, what Lord Ye loved was not a 
real dragon. 


Chapter 2: Situation 
Tap! Tap! Tap! 


Zhou Mingrui reeled back in fear at the sight that greeted him. It 
was as though the person in the dressing mirror was not 
himself, but a dessicated corpse. 


How could a person with such grievous wounds be still alive!? 


He turned his head in disbelief again and checked the other side. 
Even though he was a distance away and the lighting was poor, 
he could still see the penetrating wound and dark red blood 
stains. 


“This...” 


Zhou Mingrui drew a deep breath as he tried hard to calm 
himself. 


He reached out to press his left chest and sensed his racing heart 
that exuded immense vitality. 


He then touched his exposed skin. Beneath the slight coldness 
was flowing warmth. 


When he squatted down and after verifying that his knees could 
bend, Zhou Mingrui stood up again and calmed down. 


“What’s happening?” he muttered with a frown. He planned to 
inspect his head injury seriously once more. 


He took two steps forward and suddenly paused. The moonlight 
of the sanguine moon was relatively dark, so it was insufficient 
for his ‘serious inspection.’ 


A memory fragment triggered as Zhou Mingrui turned his head 
to look at the grayish-white pipes and the metallic-gridded lamp 
on the wall right beside the study desk. 


This was the most common gas lamp of the times. Its flame was 
stable and its illumination capabilities were excellent. 


With Klein Moretti’s family situation, even a kerosene lamp was 
a dream, much less a gas lamp. Using candles was most apt for 
their standing and stature. However, back when he burned the 
midnight oil four years ago to be admitted into Khoy University, 
his elder brother, Benson, felt that it was an important matter 
which their familys future depended upon. Therefore, he 
insisted on creating conducive studying conditions for Klein 
even if it meant taking on debt. 


Of course, Benson, who was literate and had worked for several 
years, was not a rash person who did not think of the 
consequences. He had quite some tricks up his sleeve. He 
reasoned with the landlord to ‘raise the apartment’s standards 
by installing gas pipes to improve the likelihood of rentals in the 
future.’ The landlord was convinced and provided the money to 
complete the basic modifications. Then, using the convenience 
of working at an import and export company, he purchased a 
brand new gas lamp which was nearly at cost price. In the end, 
all he needed was to use his savings and did not need to borrow 
money. 


After the memory fragment flashed past his mind, Zhou Mingrui 


came to the desk where he turned the pipe’s valve and began 
twisting the gas lamp’s switch. 


With a sputtering sound, a spark sounded from friction. Light 
did not descend upon Zhou Mingrui as he had expected. 


He twisted the switch a few more times, but all the gas lamp did 
was sputter and remain dark. 


“Hmm...” Retracting his hand and pressing on his left temple, 
Zhou Mingrui sought for the reason by rummaging through his 
memory fragments. 


A few seconds later, he turned around and walked toward the 
door. He arrived at the machine installation which was similarly 
inset into the wall and had grayish-white pipes connected to it. 


This was a gas meter! 


After seeing the exposed gears and bearings, Zhou Mingrui took 
out a coin from his trousers’ pocket. 


It was dark yellow in color and had a bronze shimmer to it. The 
front of the coin was engraved with a portrait of a crown- 
wearing man, and there was a ‘l on a clump of wheat on the 
back. 


Zhou Mingrui knew that this was the most basic currency of the 
Loen Kingdom. It was called a copper penny. One penny’s 
purchasing power was roughly three to four yuan before his 
transmigration. Such coins had other denominations such as 
the five pence, a halfpence and a quarter-pence. Despite the 
three types, the denominations were not in small-enough units. 


In everyday life, one had to buy several different things just to 
spend a single coin from time to time. 


After flipping the coin—which was only minted and circulated 
after King George III ascended to the throne—a few times, Zhou 
Mingrui inserted it into the gas meter’s thin vertical ‘mouth.’ 


Clink! Clang! 


After the penny fell to the bottom of the meter, the sound of 
grinding gears sounded immediately, producing a short but 
melodious mechanical rhythm. 


Zhou Mingrui stared at the meter for a few seconds before 
returning to the burly wood desk. He then reached out to twist 
the gas lamp’s switch. 


After some sputtering, there was a sharp sound! 


A fire plume ignited and rapidly grew. Bright light first occupied 
the internals of the wall lamp before penetrating the 
transparent glass, blanketing the room with a warm glow. 


The darkness quickly receded as the crimson retreated out the 
window. Zhou Mingrui felt at ease for a baffling reason as he 
quickly came in front of the dressing mirror. 


This time, he seriously inspected his temple and did not miss a 
single detail. 


After a few rounds of inspection, he realized that apart from the 
original blood stain, liquid was no longer flowing out of the 


grotesque wound. It appeared like it had received the best 
hemostasis and bandaging. As for the slowly squirming grayish- 
white brain and the discernible growth of flesh and blood 
around the wound, it meant that the wound might take thirty to 
forty minutes, or maybe even two to three hours before it would 
only leave a light scar. 


“The restorative effects that transmigration brings?” Zhou 
Mingrui curled up the right corner of his mouth as he muttered 
silently. 


Following that, he let out a long sigh. Regardless, he was still 
alive! 


After settling his mind, he pulled open a drawer and took out a 
tiny piece of soap. He took one of the old and tattered towels 
hanging by the side of the cupboard and opened the door. He 
then walked to the public bathroom which was shared by the 
tenants on the second floor. 


Yes, I should clean up the blood stains on my head, or I'll keep 
looking like a crime scene. It’s fine scaring myself, but if I were to 
scare my sister, Melissa, when she gets up early in the morning 
tomorrow, it would be quite problematic! 


The corridor outside was pitch black. Silhouettes were barely 
accentuated by the crimson moonlight from the window at the 
end of the corridor. They looked like a pair of monster eyes that 
silently observed the living late into the night. 


Zhou Mingrui lightened his footsteps as he walked towards the 
communal bathroom with a shuddering fear. 


When he entered, there was even more moonlight, allowing him 
to see everything clearly. Zhou Mingrui stood in front of a wash 


basin and turned the tap’s knob. 


Upon hearing the gushing sound of water, he suddenly recalled 
his landlord, Mr. Franky. 


As water was included in the rent, this short and thin gentleman 
who wore a top hat, a vest, and a black suit, always inspected 
the bathroom actively to take note of any sounds of flowing 
water. 


If the water gushed too loudly, Mr. Franky would ignore all of his 
gentlemanly traits by flailing his walking stick and striking the 
bathroom’s door, shouting things like ‘Darn thief,’ “‘Wastage is a 
shameless matter,’ ‘ll remember you,’ ‘If I see this happen 
another time, scram along with your filthy luggage,’ ‘Mark my 
words, this is the most value-for-money apartment in Tingen 
City. You will not find a more kindly landlord anywhere else!’ 


Putting away those thoughts, Zhou Mingrui used a moist towel 
to clean the blood stains from his face again and again. 


After checking himself using the rundown mirror in the 
bathroom and verifying that all that was left was a hideous 
wound and a pale face, Zhou Mingrui relaxed. Then, he took off 
his linen shirt and used a bar of soap to wash away the 
bloodstains. 


At that moment, he knitted his brows and recalled a possible 
problem. 


The wound was too exaggerated and there was too much blood. 
Apart from his body, his room likely still had signs of his injury! 


After Zhou Mingrui was done with his linen shirt a few minutes 
later, he briskly returned to his apartment with a moist towel. 
He first wiped the blood handprint on the desk and then, using 
the gas lamp’s illumination, sought out spots which he missed 
out. 


He immediately discovered that quite a substantial amount of 
blood had splattered onto the floor beneath the desk. And there 
was a yellow bullet to the left side of the wall. 


“Releasing a round with a revolver pointed at the temple?” After 
mixing and matching the clues from before, Zhou Mingrui had a 
rough idea how Klein had died. 


He was in no hurry to verify his guess. Instead, he seriously 
wiped away the blood stains and cleaned up the ‘scene.’ 
Following that, he took the bullet and returned to the side of his 
desk. He opened the revolver’s cylinder and poured out the 
rounds inside. 


A total of five rounds and a cartridge shell all had a brass luster 
to them. 


“Indeed...” Zhou Mingrui looked at the empty cartridge shell in 
front of him and stuffed the rounds back into the cylinder while 
nodding. 


He shifted his gaze to the left and it landed on the notebook’s 
words: ‘Everyone will die, including me.’ Following that, even 
more questions arose in him. 


Where did the gun come from? 


Was it suicide or a faked suicide? 


What kind of trouble could a history graduate of humble origins 
get himself into? 


Why would such a suicide method only leave behind so little 
blood? Was it because I transmigrated in a timely manner and it 
came with healing benefits? 


After pondering for a moment, Zhou Mingrui changed into 
another linen shirt. He sat on the chair and began pondering 
over more important matters. 


Klein’s experience was still not something he needed to concern 
himself with. The true problem was to figure out the reason for 
his transmigration and if he could return! 


His parents, relatives, best buddies, and friends. The fascinating 
world of the Internet and all sorts of delicious delicacies... These 
were reasons that prompted his desire to return! 


Click. Click. Click... Zhou Mingrui’s right hand was 
subconsciously pulling out the revolver’s cylinder and slamming 
it back into place, again and again. 


Yea, there has not been much difference for me between this period 
of time and the past. I was just a little unlucky, but why would I 
transmigrate for no baffling reason? 


Bad luck... Yes, I tried a luck enhancement ritual before dinner 
today! 


A thought flashed in Zhou Mingrui’s mind, illuminating the 
memories which were concealed by a fog of confusion. 


As a qualified keyboard politician, keyboard historian, keyboard 
economist, keyboard biologist, and keyboard folklorist, he had 
always deemed himself as ‘knowing something of everything.’ 
Of course, his best buddy would often mock him as ‘only 
knowing a little of everything.’ 


And one of them was Chinese Divination. 


When he visited his hometown last year, he had discovered a 
thread-bound book titled ‘Quintessential Divination and Arcane 
Arts of the Qin and Han Dynasty’ at an old bookstore. It looked 
pretty interesting and could aid him in posturing on the 
Internet, so he bought it. Unfortunately, his interest was short- 
lived. The vertical script it used made the reading experience 
horrible. All he did was flip through the beginning pages before 
he threw it into a corner. 


He had experienced a spate of bad luck in the past month— 
losing his cell phone, customers running away after cheating 
him, and mistakes at work. Only then did he suddenly recall the 
luck enhancement ritual written at the beginning of 
‘Quintessential Divination and Arcane Arts.’ Furthermore, the 
requirements were extremely simple, without any basic 
foundation requirements. 


All he needed was to get four portions of the staple food in his 
area and place them in the four corners of his room. They could 
be placed on furniture such as tables and cupboards. Then, 
standing in the middle of the room, he had to take four steps in 
a counter-clockwise fashion to make a square. The first step 
required him to sincerely chant ‘The Immortal Lord of Heaven 
and Earth for Blessings.’ The second step was to silently chant, 
‘The Sky Lord of Heaven and Earth for Blessings.’ The third step 
was ‘The Exalted Thearch of Heaven and Earth for Blessings,’ and 


the fourth step was ‘The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth 
for Blessings.’ After the four steps were taken, he needed to close 
his eyes and wait five minutes in his original spot. Only then 
would the ritual be considered complete. 


Since it did not cost him any money, he found the book, followed 
what was stipulated, and did it before dinner. However... nothing 
happened back then. 


Who would have guessed that he would actually transmigrate in 
the middle of the night! 


Transmigration! 


“There is a distinct possibility that it’s due to that luck 
enhancement ritual... Yes, I should give it a try here tomorrow. If 
it's really because of that, I stand a chance of transmigrating 
back!” Zhou Mingrui stopped flicking the revolver’s cylinder and 
suddenly sat straight up. 


Regardless, he had to give it a try! 


He had to attempt a Hail Mary! 


Chapter 2: Melissa 


After confirming his plan, Zhou Mingrui immediately felt he had 
a mental crutch. His fear and unease were all swept away into a 
corner of his mind. 


Only then did he have the mood to carefully study Klein’s 
memory fragments. 


Zhou Mingrui habitually stood up before turning off the pipe’s 
valve. He watched the wall lamp gradually dim until its flame 
extinguished before sitting back down. As he subconsciously 
fiddled with the revolver’s brass cylinder, he pressed the side of 
his head. He slowly recalled his memories in the crimson-dyed 
darkness as though he was the most attentive viewer in a movie 
theater. 


Perhaps as a result of having a bullet pass through his head, 
Klein’s memories were like shattered glass. Not only were the 
memories not contiguous, there were many spots which were 
clearly missing. For example, memories pertaining to how the 
exquisite revolver appeared in his possession, whether he had 
committed suicide, or was killed, as well as the meaning of the 
words ‘Everyone will die, including me’ on the notebook, or 
whether he had participated in anything odd two days before the 
incident. 


Not only had these particular memories become fragmented, 
there were also missing pieces. It was the same even for 
knowledge he ought to know. In light of the present situation, 
Zhou Mingrui believed that if Klein were to return to university, 
it was unlikely he could graduate. This was despite him having 
left campus just days ago without relaxing one bit. 


He needs to participate in the Tingen University’s History 
department interview two daus later... 


The university graduates of Loen Kingdom do not have the 
tradition of staying at their alma mater... His mentor had given 
him a recommendation letter for Tingen University and Backlund 
Universitu... 


Through the window, Zhou Mingrui silently observed the red 
moon setting in the west. The gradual sinking of the moon 
continued until faint light glowed from the east, dyeing the 
horizon golden. 


At that moment, there was a commotion inside the apartment. 
Soon, the sound of footsteps approached his door. 


“Melissa is awake... She’s really as punctual as always.” Zhou 
Mingrui smiled. Due to Klein’s memories, seeing Melissa made 
him feel as though she was really his younger sister. 


However, I do not have a younger sister... He immediately 
contradicted himself. 


Melissa was different from Benson and Klein. Her rudimentary 
education was not completed at the Sunday school classes 
offered by the Church of Evernight. When she reached schooling 
age, the Loen Kingdom had enacted the ‘Basic Education Law.’ A 
Primary and Secondary Education Committee was established 
and was specially provided with funding, increasing the 
kingdom’s investment into education. 


In less than three years, under the premise that numerous 
church schools would be incorporated, many public primary 
schools were established to strictly maintain the principle of 
religious neutrality. This was to prevent education from 
involving itself in the conflicts between the Lord of Storms, 
Evernight Goddess, and the God of Steam and Machinery. 


Compared to Sunday school that only cost a copper penny a 
week, a public primary school’s cost of three pence a week 
appeared rather expensive. However, the former only provided 
education every Sunday, whereas the latter provided six days of 
classes a week. In conclusion, the price was so low that it was 
almost free. 


Melissa was different from most girls. From a young age, she 
enjoyed things like gears, springs, and bearings. Her ambition 
was to be a steam mechanic. 


Having suffered from a lack of culture, Benson, who knew the 
importance of education, supported his sister’s dreams just like 
how he supported Klein’s university education. After all, Tingen 
Technical School was only considered secondary education. 
There was no need for her to attend language school or a public 
school for more knowledge. 


In July last year, fifteen-year-old Melissa passed her entrance 
examinations and fulfilled her dreams of becoming a student at 
the Tingen Technical School’s Steam and Machinery department. 
As such, her weekly school fees raised to nine pence. 


Meanwhile, Benson’s company was affected by the situation in 
the Southern Continent. There was a drastic drop both in profit 
and business transactions. More than a third of the employees 
were retrenched. In order to keep his job and maintain their 
livelihood, Benson could only accept more arduous tasks. He had 
to work overtime more frequently or head to places with harsh 
environments. That was what he was occupied with the past few 


days. 


It was not that Klein did not think of helping share his elder 
brother’s burden but being born a commoner and having been 
admitted into an average language school, he felt a strong sense 
of inadequacy when he enrolled into university. For example, as 
the origin of all languages in the Northern Continent, the 
ancient language of Feysac was something all the children of 
nobles and of the wealthy class would learn from a young age. In 
contrast, he only made first contact with it in university. 


He faced many similar aspects during his schooling career. Klein 
nearly gave his all and often stayed up late into the night and 
woke up early before barely managing to catch up to the others, 
eventually allowing him to graduate with average results. 


Memories regarding his elder brother and younger sister 
remained active in Zhou Mingrui’s mind until he turned the 
doorknob open. Only then did he jolt awake and remember that 
he held a revolver in his hand. 


This was a semi-regulated item! 


It will scare children! 


Also, there’s still the wound on my head! 


With Melissa arriving at any moment, Zhou Mingrui pressed 
onto his temple and hurriedly pulled open a desk drawer and 
threw the revolver in before slamming it close. 


“What happened?” Melissa looked over curiously when she heard 
the commotion. 


She was still in the prime of her youth. Even though she didn’t 
have much nutritious food to eat, making her face thin and 
slightly pale, her skin remained lustrous as it exuded the vibes of 
a young girl. 


When Zhou Mingrui saw his sister’s brown eyes look over, he 
forcibly composed himself and picked up an item beside his 
hand before calmly closing the drawer to conceal the existence 
of the revolver. He placed his other hand on his temple, the 
texture confirming that his wound had already healed! 


He took out a silver vine-leaf pocket watch and pressed the top 
gently, causing its cover to flip open. 


It was a picture of the siblings’ father. It was the most valuable 
item the Imperial Army sergeant left behind, but being a second- 
hand item, it would often malfunction from time to time in 
recent years even though he had gotten a watchsmith to fix it. It 
had embarrassed Benson who enjoyed bringing it with him to 
elevate his status many a time, so it was thrown away back at 
home in the end. 


It had to be said that perhaps Melissa did have talent in 
machinery. After grasping the principles behind the watch, she 
borrowed the tools from her Technical School to fiddle with the 
pocket watch. Recently, she even claimed to have fixed it! 


Zhou Mingrui looked at the watch’s open cover and saw that the 
second hand was not moving. Subconsciously, he twisted the top 
dial to wind the pocket watch. 


However, despite winding it a few times, he did not hear the 
sound of taut springs. The second hand remained motionless. 


“It looks like it’s broken again.” He looked at his sister while 


trying to find a topic of conversation. 


Melissa shot him an expressionless glance and briskly walked 
over to take the pocket watch away. 


She stood in her spot and pulled up the button sitting atop the 
pocket watch. With a few simple turns, the tick-tocking of the 
second hand sounded. 


Isn’t pulling the button up usually meant to adjust the time... 
Zhou Mingrui’s expression immediately turned blank. 


At that moment, a bell chimed from a faraway cathedral. It 
chimed six times, sounding distant and ethereal. 


Melissa tilted her head to listen to it and pulled the button up 
once again. Following that, she turned it to synchronize the 
time. 


“Its okay now,” she said simply without emotion. She then 
pressed the top button back and handed the pocket watch back 
to Zhou Mingrui. 


Zhou Mingrui returned a smile politely in embarrassment. 


Melissa gave her elder brother a piercing stare before turning to 
walk to the cupboard. She took her toiletries and towel before 
opening the door to leave. She headed for the public bathroom. 


Why did her expression have a look of disparagement and 
resignation? 


Is it a look of love and concern for a retarded brother? 


Zhou Mingrui lowered his head and chuckled. He closed the 
pocket watch’s cover with a click before opening it again. 


He repeated this action as his idle thoughts focused on a 
question. 


Klein committed suicide without a silencer. Well, I’ll consider it as 
suicide for now. His suicide should have caused quite a 
commotion; yet, Melissa, who was just a wall away, did not notice 
it at all. 


Was she sleeping too soundly? Or is Klein’s suicide shrouded in 
mystery to begin with? 


Click! The pocket watch opened. Clack! The pocket watch closed... 
Melissa returned from washing up and saw her brother’s 
subconscious act of constantly opening and closing the pocket 
watch. 


Her gaze was once again glazed with exasperation as she said 
with a sweet voice, “Klein, take out all the remaining bread. 
Remember to buy fresh ones today. There’s meat and peas too. 
Your interview is soon. I'll make you mutton stewed with peas.” 


As she spoke, she moved a stove out from a corner. With some 
charcoal, she boiled a pot of hot water. 


Before the water boiled, she opened the cupboard’s lowest drawer 
and took out what seemed like a treasure—a can of inferior tea 
leaves. She threw about ten leaves into the pot and pretended 
that it was real tea. 


Melissa poured two big cups of tea as she shared two pieces of 
rye bread with Zhou Mingrui over tea. 


There is no sawdust or excessive gluten mixed in, but it is 
unappetizing... Zhou Mingrui still felt weak and was starving. He 
forced himself to swallow the bread with the tea while 
complaining inwardly. 


Melissa finished eating a few minutes later. After she adjusted 
her black hair that reached down to her vest, she looked at Zhou 
Mingrui and said, “Remember to buy fresh bread. All we need is 
eight pounds. The weather is hot, so the bread will easily spoil. 
Also, buy the mutton and peas. Remember to buy them!” 


Indeed, she was showing concern for her dull brother. She even 
had to repeat to emphasize it another time... Zhou Mingrui 
nodded with a smile. 


“alright.” 


Regarding the Loen Kingdom’s pound, Zhou Mingrui matched 
Klein’s muscle memory with his. He believed it was close to half 
a kilogram of what he was accustomed to. 


Melissa did not say anything further. She stood up and tidied the 
area. After packing away the last bit of bread for lunch, she put 
on a tattered veil cap that their mother left behind, picked up a 
self-sewn bag used to carry her books and stationery, and 
prepared to leave. 


It was not Sunday, so she had an entire day of classes to attend. 


Walking from their apartment to Tingen Technical School took 


about fifty minutes. There were public horse carriages that cost a 
penny a kilometer with a limit of four pence in the city and six 
pence in the city outskirts. In order to save money, Melissa 
would leave ahead of time and walk to school. 


Moments after she opened the main door, she paused in her 
footsteps and turned her body halfway, saying, “Klein, don’t buy 
too much mutton or peas. Benson might come back on Sunday. 
Oh, and remember we only need eight pounds of bread.” 


“Alright. Sure thing,” answered Zhou Mingrui exasperatedly. 


Simultaneously, he repeated the word ‘Sunday’ a few times in 
his head. 


In the Northern Continent, a year was similarly split into twelve 
months. Every year, there were 365 or 366 days. A week was 
similarly split into seven days. 


The splitting of months was a result of astronomical 
observations. It made Zhou Mingrui suspect whether he was in a 
parallel world. As for the splitting of days, it was a result of 
religion. This was because the Northern Continent had seven 
orthodox gods—the Eternal Blazing Sun, the Lord of Storms, the 
God of Knowledge and Wisdom, the Evernight Goddess, Earth 
Mother, the God of Combat, and the God of Steam and 
Machinery. 


Watching his sister close the door and leave, Zhou Mingrui 
suddenly sighed. Soon, his thoughts focused on the luck 
enhancement ritual. 


Sorry, I really wish to return home... 


Chapter 4: Divination 


Returning to his chair, he heard the faraway cathedral’s bells 
chime again. It continued seven times before Zhou Mingrui 
slowly stood up. He went up front to the cupboard and took out 
his clothes. 


A black vest with a matching suit, trousers that clung tightly to 
his legs, a halved top hat and his faint scholarly air made Zhou 
Mingrui feel like he was watching an English drama set in the 
Victorian era. 


He suddenly muttered softly as he shook his head with a wry 
smile, “’m not going for an interview. All ’m doing is buying 
some ingredients to prepare for my luck enhancement ritual...” 


Klein was so concerned about his impending interview that it 
became instinct. When he was not focused enough, he habitually 
wore his only decent set of clothing. 


After taking a breath, Zhou Mingrui took off his suit and vest, 
switching to a brownish-yellow coat. He also changed to a felt 
hat with a rounded edge of the same color. 


With his outfit done, he walked to the side of the bed and lifted a 
square cushion. He reached his hand into an inconspicuous hole 
beneath and rummaged around before finding an intermediate 
layer. 


When he retracted his right hand, there was a roll of notes in his 
palm. There were about eight notes with faded dark green colors. 


These were all the savings Benson had at the moment. It even 
included the living expenses for the next three days. Two of them 
were five-soli notes and the remaining were one-soli notes. 


In the Loen Kingdom’s currency system, soli was ranked second. 
It originated from ancient silver coins. One soli was equivalent to 
twelve copper pence. They had denominations of one and five 
soli. 


At the top of the currency system was the gold pound. They were 
also paper based but were guaranteed by gold and pegged 
directly. A gold pound was equivalent to twenty soli. They had 
denominations of one, five, and ten gold pounds. 


Zhou Mingrui spread a note and caught a whiff of the faint 
unique ink. 


This was the smell of money. 


Perhaps a result of Klein’s memory fragments or his constant 
desire for money, Zhou Mingrui felt like he had instantly fallen 
in love with these notes. 


Look, their designs are so beautiful. It makes the stern and old- 
fashioned George III and his two mustaches appear especially 
adorable... 


Look, the watermark that can be seen when the note is placed 
against sunlight is so alluring. The exquisite design for the anti- 
counterfeit label makes it completely different from those fake 
fancy schlocks! 


Zhou Mingrui admired it for nearly a minute before pulling out 


two one-soli notes. He then rolled up the remaining notes and 
stuffed them back into the cushion’s concealed layer. 


After arranging and flattening the cloth around the hole, Zhou 
Mingrui folded the two notes he had taken out neatly and placed 
them into the left pocket of his brownish-yellow jacket. He 
separated the notes from the few pence he had in his trouser 
pocket. 


With all of this done, he placed a key into his right pocket and 
brought a dark brownish paper bag along with him and quickly 
walked toward the door. 


His shuffling footsteps slowed down from a brisk pace until it 
eventually stopped. 


Zhou Mingrui stood by the door and was unsure when he had 
already begun to frown. 


Klein’s suicide was fraught with peculiarities. Would he encounter 
any ‘accidents’ if he were to leave just like that? 


After some deep thought, Zhou Mingrui returned to his desk and 
pulled open the drawer. He then took out the shimmering brass 
revolver. 


This was the only defensive weapon he could think of, and it 
was the only weapon with sufficient power! 


Although he had never practiced shooting, just pulling such a 
revolver out would definitely daunt anyone! 


He caressed the revolver’s cold metal before stuffing his revolver 
into the pocket where his notes were. He clasped the money in 
his palm as his fingers pressed onto the gun’s handle. It was 
perfectly concealed. 


Feeling secure, he who knew a little of everything suddenly had 
a Worty. 


Would I end up misfiring? 


Being deluged with such a thought, Zhou Mingrui quickly 
thought of a solution. He drew the revolver and released the 
cylinder. He then aligned the empty chamber which was a result 
of the ‘suicide’ along the gun’s hammer before closing it. 


This way, even if there was a misfire, he would discharge an 
‘empty round!’ 


After stuffing his revolver back into his pocket, Zhou Mingrui 
kept his left hand in there. 


He pressed down on his hat with his right hand and pulled open 
the door before leaving. 


The corridor during the day remained dim as limited sunlight 
shone in from the window situated at the end of the corridor. 
Zhou Mingrui quickly went down the stairs and left the 
apartment before taking in the brilliance and warmth of the 
sun. 


Although it was almost July, it was still considered the middle of 
summer. However, Tingen was situated north of the Loen 
Kingdom, so it had unique climate characteristics. The highest 


annual temperature was not even 30°C on Earth, with even 
cooler mornings. However, the streets were awash with filthy 
water and strewn junk. From Klein’s memories, this was not a 
rare sight in low-income communities, even if there were 
sewers. After all, there were just too many people and people 
needed to survive. 


“Come and try our delicious roasted fish!” 


“Hot and fresh oyster soup. Drink a bowl in the morning and feel 
invigorated all day!” 


“Fresh fish from the port for just five pence apiece!” 


“Muffins and eel soup make the perfect combination!” 


“Conch! Conch! Conch!” 


“Vegetables freshly plucked from the farms outside the city. 
Cheap and fresh!” 


The mobile hawkers who sold vegetables, fruits, and hot food 
shouted along the streets as they beckoned the rushing 
pedestrians. Some of them would stop and carefully compare 
before purchasing. Others would impatiently wave their hands 
as they had yet to find work for the day. 


Zhou Mingrui took in a whiff of the air that mixed both noxious 
and fragrant aromas. As he clenched the revolver tightly in his 
left hand, he held the notes tight. He pressed down on his hat 


with his right hand while passing through the busy street, 
slouching a little. 


There was bound to be thieves in populated areas. Furthermore, 
this street had no lack of poor citizens who were working part 
time after losing their previous jobs. There were also starving 
children that were exploited by adults to do their bidding. 


He proceeded forward until he reached a point where the 
crowdedness around him restored to normal. He straightened 
his back and raised his head to look down the street. 


There was a vagrant accordionist busking. The melody was 
sometimes pleasant, sometimes fervent. 


Beside him were several children in ragged clothes with sallow 
complexions due to malnutrition. 


They listened to the music and moved to the beat, dancing self- 
made choreographies. Their faces were filled with joy as though 
they were a prince or an angel. 


A deadpan woman passed by; her skirt was dirty and her skin 
was dull. 


Her gaze appeared dull and sluggish. Only when she looked at 
the bunch of children did a faint glow flash. It was as though she 
had seen herself from three decades ago. 


Zhou Mingrui overtook her and turned into another street before 
stopping at Smyrin Bakery. 


The owner of the bakery was a seventy-plus year old granny 
named Wendy Smyrin. Her hair was completely grayish-white 
and she always wore a genial smile. From the beginning of 
Klein’s memories, she had been here selling bread and pastries. 


Oh, the Tingen biscuits and lemon cakes she bakes are very 
delicious... 


Zhou Mingrui gulped a mouthful of saliva and smiled. 


“Mrs. Smyrin, eight pounds of rye bread.” 


“Oh. Dear Klein, where’s Benson? Is he not back?” Wendy asked 
smilingly. 


“In a few more days,” answered Zhou Mingrui vaguely. 


As Wendy took the rye bread, she sighed. “He sure is a 
hardworking lad. He will have a good wife.” 


Upon saying this, the corners of her lips curled up as she said 
playfully, “All is good now. You have already graduated. You are a 
history graduate of our Khoy University~ Oh, you will soon be 
able to earn money. You should not be staying in the apartment 
you are currently living in. At the very least, you should have a 
bathroom you can call your own.” 


“Mrs. Smyrin, you seem to be a young and energetic woman 
today.” All Zhou Mingrui could do was respond with a dry smile. 


If Klein were to successfully pass his interview and become a 
lecturer at Tingen University, it was true that his family would 


immediately be pushed up to a higher socioeconomic status! 


In his memory fragments, he had once fantasized about renting 
a bungalow in the suburbs. There would be five or six rooms, two 
bathrooms, a huge balcony upstairs, two rooms, a dining room, 
a living room, a kitchen, a bathroom, and an underground 
storage room on the first floor. 


This was not a wishful dream. Even a lecturer on probation at 
Tingen University would have a weekly salary of two gold 
pounds. After the probationary period, the salary would be raised 
to three gold pounds and ten soli. One had to know that despite 
working for so many years, Klein’s brother, Benson, only had a 
weekly salary of one pound and ten soli. Ordinary workers at a 
factory did not even get a pound or, at best, a little more. And 
rent for a bungalow was about nineteen soli to one pound and 
eighteen soli. 


“This is the difference between earning three to four thousand 
yuan and earning fourteen to fifteen thousand yuan a month...” 
Zhou Mingrui mumbled to himself. 


However, all of this was under the premise that he passed either 
the Tingen University or Backlund University interviews. 


There were not many other opportunities. People without any 
connections were unable to get recommendations to become a 
public servant. And those who studied history were more limited 
in job opportunities. There was not much demand for private 
consultants from the aristocrats, banks, or industrial magnates. 


Taking into account that the knowledge Klein grasped was 
fragmented and incomplete, Zhou Mingrui felt awkward and 
guilty towards Mrs. Smyrin’s expectations of him. 


“No, I have always been this young,” answered Wendy 
humorously. 


As she spoke, she packed the sixteen rye bread she had weighed 
into the brown paper bag that Zhou Mingrui had brought. She 
stretched out her right hand and said, “Nine pence.” 


Every rye bread weighed about half a pound as differences were 
inevitable. 


“Nine pence? Wasn't it eleven pence two days ago?” Zhou 
Mingrui asked subconsciously. 


It cost 15 pence the month before the previous month. 


“you have to thank the people who protested on the streets for 
the repeal of the Grain Act,” said Wendy as she shrugged. 


Zhou Mingrui nodded in vague acknowledgment. Klein’s 
memories regarding this were incomplete. All he remembered 
was that the core tenet of the Grain Act was to protect the prices 
of domestic agriculture products. Once the prices rose to a 
certain level, grain imports from Southern nations like 
Feynapotter, Masin, Lenburg were stopped. 


Why would people protest the act? 


Without saying much, Zhou Mingrui, afraid he would end up 
pulling out the revolver, carefully took out his notes and handed 
one of them over to Mrs. Smyrin. 


He was given three copper pence in change. Stuffing them into 


his trouser pocket, he took the paper bag containing the bread 
and headed for the ‘Lettuce and Meat’ market across the street. 
He was working hard for the mutton stewed with peas his sister 
had exhorted. 


There was a municipal square at the intersection of Iron Cross 
Street and Daffodil Street. Many tents were erected there, and 
clowns dressed in odd and funny attires were distributing fliers. 


“There’s a circus performance tomorrow night?” Zhou Mingrui 
glanced at the fliers in the hands of others as he read their 
contents under his breath. 


Melissa would definitely like it. However, how much is the 
entrance fee? 


With that thought, Zhou Mingrui went closer. 


Just as he was about to ask a clown with a red and yellow 
painted face, a hoarse woman’s voice sounded from beside him. 


“Would you like to try a divination?” 


Zhou Mingrui subconsciously turned his head and saw a woman 
wearing a pointed hat and a long black dress standing in front of 
a short tent. 


Her face was smeared with red and yellow paint and her eyes 
were a profound grayish-blue. 


“No,” Zhou Mingrui shook his head in response. He did not have 
the spare cash for divination. 


The woman laughed and said, “My tarot divination is very 
accurate.” 


“Tarot...” Zhou Mingrui was instantly dumbfounded. 


This pronunciation was almost identical to the tarot cards on 
Earth! 


And tarot cards from Earth were a set of cards used for 
divination. They just had graphics that represented different 
omens. 


Wait... He suddenly recalled the origins of tarot divination in 
this world. 


It did not originate from the seven orthodox gods nor was it an 
ancient legacy. Instead, it was created by the Intis Republic’s 
Consul of that era, Roselle Gustav, more than 170 years ago. 


This Mr. Roselle invented the steam engine, improved the sailing 
boat, overthrew the Intis Kingdom’s imperial rule, and was 
recognized by the God of Craftsmanship. He also became the first 
Consul of the Intis Republic. 


Later, he invaded other nations and placed Lenburg and other 
nations under his protection. He made the Loen Kingdom, 
Feynapotter, Feysac Empire and other powerful Northern 
Continent nations bow down to the Intis Republic. Following 
that, the Republic was then changed to an Empire and he 
became the self-proclaimed ‘Emperor Caesar.’ 


It was during Roselle’s rule that the Church of Craftsmanship 
received its first public holy revelation since the Fifth Epoch. Ever 


since, the God of Craftsmanship was changed to the God of 
Steam and Machinery. 


Roselle also invented tarot divination. He also established the 
contemporary system of paper-based cards and their playstyles. 
There were many familiar styles that Zhou Mingrui was familiar 
with, such as Upgrade, Fighting the Landlord, Texas Poker, and 
Quint... 


In addition, the marine fleets he sent out discovered a sea route 
that led to the Southern Continent through the stormy and 
turbulent seas. This also began the era of colonialism. 


Unfortunately, he was betrayed in his old age. In the year 1198 of 
the Fifth Epoch, he was assassinated by the combined forces of 
the Church of the Eternal Blazing Sun, the former Intis royal 
family—the Sauron family—and other aristocrats. He eventually 
died in the White Maple Palace. 


This... To recall such general knowledge suddenly made him 
facepalm. 


Could this be a transmigration senior? 


With this in mind, Zhou Mingrui was intrigued to see what tarot 
cards looked like. Therefore, he nodded at the pointy hat woman 
with the painted face and said, “If the... well... price is 
reasonable, I'll give it a try.” 


The woman immediately said with a laugh, “Sir, you are the first 
one here today, so it’s on the house.” 


Chapter 5: Ritual 


Free? Free things cost the most! 


Zhou Mingrui silently mumbled and decided that he would not 
purchase any additional services whatsoever. He would firmly 
refuse them all. 


If you are really that capable, try divining that I transmigrated 
here! 


With this in mind, Zhou Mingrui followed behind the woman 
whose face was painted red and yellow, stooping low to enter the 
low tent. 


The tent’s interior was extremely dark, illuminated only by 
several beams of light that managed to seep inside. A table 
covered with paper cards could be made out faintly in the low 
illumination. 


The woman with the sharp pointy hat was not affected by this at 
all. Her long black dress glided as though it was moving over 
water while she went around to the table. She sat on the 
opposite side and lit a candle. 


The dim yellow light flickered, causing the inside of the tent to 
appear bright and dark at the same time. It instantly added a 
much more mysterious feel to the atmosphere. 


Zhou Mingrui sat down quietly, his gaze sweeping over the tarot 
cards on the table where he discovered familiar cards like “The 
Magician,” “The Emperor,” “The Hanged Man,” and 


“Temperance,” etc. 


Could Roselle have been a ‘senior’... I wonder if he was also a fellow 
countryman of mine... Zhou Mingrui mumbled to himself 
subconsciously. 


Before he could finish looking at the opened cards on the table, 
the woman who claimed to have accurate divinations had 
already reached out her hands to gather all of the cards together. 
She stacked them into a deck and pushed it in front of him. 


“Shuffle the cards first and cut the deck,” the circus fortune- 
teller said in a muted voice. 


“Me? Shuffle?” Zhou Mingrui asked reflexively. 


The yellow and red paint on the fortune-teller’s face squirmed 
together as she revealed a slight smile, saying, “Of course, 
everyone’s destiny can only be unraveled by themselves. I only 
serve as a reader of it.” 


Zhou Mingrui immediately questioned her warily, “This reading 
does not require additional fees, right?” 


As a keyboard folklorist, I’ve already seen too many of such tricks! 


The fortune-teller was visibly taken aback before finally saying 
muffledly, “It’s free.” 


Zhou Mingrui, relieved, stuffed the revolver further back into his 
pocket. Thereafter, he calmly reached out his two hands to 
shuffle and cut the deck skillfully. 


“Its done.” He placed the already shuffled tarot cards in the 
middle of the table. 


The fortune-teller clasped the cards with both her hands and 
carefully looked at cards for a while. Then, she suddenly opened 
her mouth and said, “I’m sorry, I forgot to ask, but what would 
you like to ask about?” 


Back when he was wooing his first love, Zhou Mingrui had also 
done research on tarot cards. He asked unhesitatingly, “Past, 
present, and future.” 


This was a type of divination as part of tarot card interpretation 
—three cards when opened sequentially symbolized one’s past, 
present, and future. 


The fortune-teller nodded first, then curled her lips to reveal a 
smile and said, “Then please reshuffle the deck. You can only 
truly get the cards you want if you know what you would like to 
ask about.” 


Were you fooling me just now? Do you have to be this petty? 
Didn’t I only ask a few times if this would be a free service? Zhou 
Mingrui’s cheeks twitched a little. He took a deep breath and 
took the tarot deck back to reshuffle and cut it. 


“There won't be any problems this time, right?” He placed the 
already cut deck back onto the table. 


“No problem.” The fortune-teller reached out her fingers and 
picked a card from the top of the deck. Then she placed it on the 
left side of Zhou Mingrui. Her voice was going lower and lower 
as she spoke, “This card symbolizes your past.” 


“This card symbolizes your present.” The fortune-teller placed 
the second card right in front of Zhou Mingrui. 


Then, she picked the third card and put it on the right side of 
Zhou Mingrui. 


“This card symbolizes the future.” 


“Alright, which card would you like to see first?” The fortune- 
teller raised her head up after completing her placement of the 
cards and gazed deeply at Zhou Mingrui with her grayish-blue 
eyes. 


“Tll have a look at the ‘present’ first,” Zhou Mingrui said after 
giving it some thought. 


The fortune-teller nodded slowly and flipped over the tarot card 
that was directly in front of Zhou Mingrui. 


A colorfully dressed character was depicted on this card, wearing 
splendid headgear with a stick over his shoulder. There was a 
bindle hanging on the end of the stick and a puppy was 
following behind him. It was numbered “0.” 


“The Fool,” the fortune-teller lightly read out the name of the 
card with her grayish-blue eyes affixed on Zhou Mingrui. 


The Fool? The “O” card of tarot? A start? A fresh beginning with all 
kinds of possibilities? Zhou Mingrui was not even considered an 
amateur enthusiast of tarot, so he could only make a rough 
interpretation based on his own impressions of tarot. 


Just as the fortune-teller was about to say something, the cloth 
curtains of the tent were suddenly lifted open. The ray of 
sunlight that shone in was so blinding that it caused the back- 
facing Zhou Mingrui to instinctively narrow his eyes. 


“Why are you impersonating me again! It’s my job to handle the 
divination for people!” a woman’s voice growled angrily. “Return 
to your post quickly! You must remember that you’re just an 
animal trainer!” 


An animal trainer? Zhou Mingrui’s eyes had already adapted to 
the light by now. He saw a similar-looking woman who was also 
wearing a sharp pointy hat in a black dress, with her face 
painted in red and yellow as well. The only difference was that 
she was taller and had a slimmer physique. 


The woman who was seated in front of him immediately stood 
up and said disgruntledly, “Don’t mind this, it’s just that I like 
doing this. But I have to say, my divination and interpretation 
can be really accurate sometimes. I’m serious...” 


She spoke and lifted up her dress to go around from the side of 
the table before quickly trotting away from the tent. 


“Sir, would you like me to interpret your cards for you?” the real 
fortune-teller looked at Zhou Mingrui and asked with a smile. 


Zhou Mingrui’s lips twitched and asked her sincerely, “Is it free?” 


“No,” the real fortune-teller answered. 


“Then forget it.” Zhou Mingrui pulled his hands back and put 
them into his pockets. He clutched his revolver and money 


before stooping again to exit the tent. 


Damn! He actually got an animal trainer to be his fortune-teller? 


Was an animal trainer who didn’t want to be a fortune-teller not 
a good clown? 


Zhou Mingrui very quickly put this matter behind him. He spent 
seven pence at the ‘Lettuce and Meat’ market for a pound of not- 
so-great mutton. Then, he also bought some tender broad beans, 
cabbage, onions, potatoes, and other items. Together with the 
bread that he bought earlier, he spent a total of 25 copper 
pennies, which converted to two soli and one pence. 


“There is really not enough to go around for spending. Poor 
Benson...” Not only had Zhou Mingrui spent the two notes that 
he had brought with him, but it was also necessary for him to 
top it up with the one penny he had in his pocket. 


He just sighed and did not think further about it as he hurried 
back home. 


With the staple food, he could now carry out the luck 
enhancement ritual! 


After the second-floor tenants gradually left, Zhou Mingrui was 
still in no hurry to carry out the ritual. Instead, he translated the 
“The Immortal Lord of Heaven and Earth for Blessings” and 
related phrases into the ancient Feysac language, as well as the 
Loen language. He was intending to try the ritual again the next 
day in those local languages if the original incantation did not 


take effect! 


After all, he had to take into consideration the differences 
between the two worlds. In Rome, do as the Romans do! 


As for translating it into an ancient ritual prayer that used the 
dedicated Hermes language, Zhou Mingrui had a difficult time 
completing it due to his lack of vocabulary. 


After readying everything, he finally took out the four loaves of 
rye bread. He placed one in the corner where the coal stove was 
originally, one at the bottom inner side of the dress mirror, one 
at the top of the cupboard where two walls met, and one at the 
right side of the study table where miscellaneous items were 
kept. 


With a deep breath, Zhou Mingrui came to the center of the 
room and spent a few minutes to calm himself. Then, he took a 
solemn step forward and went in a counter-clockwise direction 
in the shape of a square. 


When he took the first step, he chanted in a low whisper, “The 
Immortal Lord of Heaven and Earth for Blessings.” 


The second step, he sincerely chanted, “The Sky Lord of Heaven 
and Earth for Blessings.” 


The third step, Zhou Mingrui breathed out a whisper. “The 
Exalted Thearch of Heaven and Earth for Blessings.” 


At the fourth step, he spat out a foul breath and meditated in 
concentration. “The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for 
Blessings.” 


When he returned back to the original spot, Zhou Mingrui closed 
his eyes and waited in his place for an outcome. He had some 
anticipation in him, some unease, some hope, and some fear. 


Could he make it back? 


Was there going to be any effect? 


Could there be some unexpected situation? 


The darkness in front of him was tainted with the crimson light 
of hope. Zhou Mingrui’s thoughts were swirling in his head and 
he was finding it difficult to quell it. 


It was at this time that he suddenly felt the surrounding air 
seem to stop, becoming thick and mysterious. 


Immediately after, a low whisper could be heard beside his ears 
that sounded at times real, at times sharp, at times imaginary, 
at times alluring, at times maniacal, and at times crazy. 


He clearly did not understand the murmuring that went on, but 
Zhou Mingrui still couldn’t help himself from wanting to listen 
to it and distinguish what it was saying. 


His head was in pain again. It was so painful that it felt like 
someone had stuck a steel drill rod into it. 


Zhou Mingrui only felt like his head was going to explode. His 
thoughts were filled with psychedelic colors. 


He knew that something was wrong and tried to open his eyes. 
However, he wasn’t even able to complete such a simple action. 


His entire body was getting tighter and tighter and it felt like he 
could just break apart at any time. At this time, a self-mocking 
thought came up in Zhou Mingrui’s mind: 


If you wouldn’t die if you didn’t court death... 


He could no longer bear it. Just as his mind was going to break, 
the murmuring of voices faded away and his surroundings 
became very quiet. The mood was an erratic one. 


It was not only the mood; Zhou Mingrui felt his own body going 
through the same sensations as well. 


He tried once more to open his eyes, an extremely easy task this 
time. 


A gray fog appeared over his eyes—haziness, vague, and endless. 


“What’s with this situation?” Zhou Mingrui suddenly looked 
around him and then lowered his head down to discover that he 
was floating at the edge of an endless fog. 


The fog was flowing like water and was dotted with a lot of 
crimson ‘stars.’ Some of them were enormous while others were 
tiny. There was a sense of them being hidden in the deep depths, 
while others floated over the surface of this water-like fog. 


Looking at the seemingly holographic sight, Zhou Mingrui 
reached out his right hand in a half-confused, half-exploring 


manner to try to touch the crimson ‘star’ that was seemingly 
floating on the surface. He was trying to find a way to leave this 
place. 


When his hand touched the surface of that star, a water mark 
suddenly appeared from within his body and agitated the stars 
into a “crimson” burst. It looked like a dreamlike burning of 
flames. 


Zhou Mingrui got a fright from it. He retracted his right hand in 
a panic, but accidentally touched yet another crimson star. 


As a result, this star burst with splendid light as well. 


In turn, Zhou Mingrui felt his mind empty and his spirit 
dissipated. 


In the Loen Kingdom’s capital, Backlund. Inside a luxurious 
looking villa at the royal district. 


Audrey Hall sat in front of a dresser. The markings on it were 
antiquated and there was a cracked bronze mirror on the 
surface. 


“Mirror, mirror, awaken... 


“In the name of the Hall family, I command you to awaken!” 


She switched between many different sayings, but there was no 
reaction from the mirror at all. 


After more than 10 minutes, she finally chose to give up and 
pouted her lips in grievance. She said in a soft murmur, “Father 
was indeed lying to me. He always tells me that this mirror was 
the treasure of the Solomon Empire’s Black Emperor, and that it 
is an extraordinary item...” 


Her voice trailed off. The bronze mirror which rested on the 
dresser suddenly glowed with a crimson light that shrouded her 
completely. 


In the Sonia Sea, a three-masted sailboat that looked like an 
obvious relic was navigating through a storm. 


Alger Wilson stood on deck, his body undulating with the 
currents at sea, maintaining his balance easily. 


He wore a robe embroidered with lightning patterns, and in his 
hand was a quirky-shaped glass bottle. Bubbles billowed inside 
the bottle at times, frost turned into snow at times, and signs of 
gusting wind could be seen at times. 


“Still short on the Ghost Shark’s blood...” Alger murmured. 


Then at this moment, a crimson burst appeared in the space 
between the glass bottle and the surface of his palm. In an 
instant, it enveloped the surroundings as well. 


In the fog of gray mist, Audrey Hall regained her sight. She 
started reckoning the situation in a state of horror and 
confusion when she noticed the blurry image of a man on the 
opposite side of her doing the same as well. 


Immediately after, the both of them discovered another mystery 
person standing not far from them who was shrouded in a gray 
mist. 


The ‘mysterious person’ was none other than Zhou Mingrui. He 
was similarly dumbfounded. 


“Sir, where is this?” 


Audrey and Alger were startled at first, falling silent in the 
process. Then, they immediately started speaking in unison. 


“What are you planning on doing?” 


Chapter 6: Beyoniler 


Not only did they speak the same Loen language, they also 
shared the same grim and tense vibes. 


Where am I? What do I plan to do here? I would like to know too... 
Calming himself down, Zhou Mingrui silently repeated the 
questions posed by the two. 


What left the deepest impression on him were neither the 
sentences formed by words nor the meanings behind them, but 
the display of bewilderment, vigilance, panic, and reverence by 
the couple! 


For some baffling reason, two people had been mysteriously 
dragged into this world surrounded by gray fog. As the 
perpetrator, Zhou Mingrui was already feeling abnormally 
dumbfounded and startled, let alone the couple who was pulled 
into this mess completely passively! 


For them, such events and encounters might already be beyond 
their imaginations, right? 


Momentarily, Zhou Mingrui thought of two options: The first 
option was feigning victimhood to hide his true identity, and in 
turn gain a considerable amount of trust. He could then take a 
wait-and-see approach and take advantage of his circumstances 
where necessary. The other option was to maintain his 
mysterious identity in the eyes of the couple. He could then 
affect the subsequent development while gleaning valuable 
information from them. 


Without the luxury of time to deliberate over the situation, he 


grasped hold of the thought that flashed across his mind. He 
made an immediate decision to try out the second idea. 


Exploit the psychological state of the others to gain the greatest 
advantage for himself! 


After a few seconds of silence in the fog, Zhou Mingrui chuckled. 
With a low but not heavy tone, he calmly spoke as though he 
was replying to the polite greetings from the visitors, “An 
attempt.” 


An attempt... an attempt? Audrey Hall looked at the mysterious 
guy veiled in the grayish-white fog, and the only thought was 
that whatever was happening was absurd, funny, horrifying, 
and weird. 


She was at the dressing table inside her bedroom only moments 
ago. But just by turning around, she had “come” to this place that 
was filled with gray fog! 


How inconceivable! 


Audrey took a breath, revealing an impeccable, courteous smile. 
She asked in a somewhat perturbed way, “Sir, is the attempt 
over? Might you permit our return?” 


Alger Wilson also had the intentions to probe Zhou Mingrui in a 
similar fashion, but his rich experience made him statelier. He 
held back his impulse and only took on the role of a silent 
onlooker. 


Zhou Mingrui looked at the questioner. Looking through the hazy 
mist, he could roughly see the silhouette of the person in 


question. It was a tall girl with smooth blond hair, but her exact 
countenance could not be seen clearly. 


He did not rush to reply to the girl’s question but turned around 
to look at the man. He had messy dark-blue hair, as well as a 
medium stature that was not considered stout. 


Zhou Mingrui suddenly realized something. Once he became 
stronger or had a deeper understanding of the foggy world, 
perhaps it was possible for him to see through the fog and 
discern the girl and the man. 


In this situation, they are the visitors, and I’m the master! 


After changing his mindset, Zhou Mingrui instantly noticed 
details that he had neglected earlier on. 


The girl with a melodious voice and the mature, withdrawn man 
both looked considerably incorporeal. Tainted by a faint crimson 
red, they resembled a projected image of the two crimson red 
“stars” beyond the gray fog. 


This projection was based on the connection between the 
crimson red and himself, an intangible connection that only he 
himself could realistically grasp hold of. 


The projection would disappear once the connection is cut, and 
the couple would then return... Zhou Mingrui nodded mildly and 
looked at the blond, chuckling. “Of course, if you make a formal 
request, you can return this very moment.” 


When she did not identify any ill intention from his tone, Audrey 
heaved a sigh of relief. She believed that since a gentleman who 


was capable of such miraculous things had given his word, he 
would definitely abide by it stringently. 


With her mind somewhat mollified, she surprisingly was in no 
hurry to request her leave. She rolled her virid eyes left and right, 
which sparkled with an abnormal radiance. 


She said in an anxious, anticipative and tempted manner, “This 
is such a wonderful experience... Yes, I have always been hoping 
that something like this would happen. I mean—I like mysteries 
and supernatural miracles. No, my point is—what I mean is 
that, Sir, what can I do to become a Beyonder?” 


She got more excited as she spoke, so much so that she was 
fumbling over her words. The dream that sprouted in her as a 
result of listening to thrilling fantasies as told by her elders 
finally saw the possibility of being materialized. 


However, with just a few words, she had already forgotten all 
her previous fears and horrors. 


Good question! I would also like to know the answer... Zhou 
Mingrui complained inwardly. 


He started to ponder on an answer to the question to maintain 
his unfathomable image. 


At the same time, he felt that it was quite unbecoming of him to 
talk while standing. Shouldn’t he be in a palace, sitting at the 
head of a long table, and on a mysterious high-back chair 
engraved with ancient patterns, while silently observing his 
visitors? 


As soon as this thought surfaced, the gray fog started to churn, 
giving both Audrey and Alger a shock. 


In an instant, they saw a number of towering stone pillars 
around them. Above them was a vast dome that encapsulated 
them. 


This entire edifice looked magnificent, grand and lofty, just like 
a legendary palace for giants. 


Directly under the dome where the gray fog gathered, a long, 
bronze table appeared with ten high-back chairs on either side 
in asymmetrical arrangement, along with a chair on each of the 
two ends of the long table The back of each chair dazzled and 
shone faintly with crimson red, drawing the outlines of weird 
constellations that differed from reality. 


Audrey and Alger sat face-to-face, sitting next to the Seat of 
Honor. 


The girl looked to her sides, and could not help but mumble, 
“How fascinating...” 


It is certainly fascinating... Zhou Mingrui extended his right 
hand and caressed the edge of the bronze table a little while 
maintaining an unperturbed expression. 


Alger inspected the surroundings, and after a few seconds of 
silence, he suddenly opened his mouth, and answered Audrey’s 
question in place of Zhou Mingrui. 


“Are you from Loen? 


“If you want to become a Beyonder, join the Churches of either 
the Evernight Goddess, the Lord of Storms, or the God of Steam 
and Machinery. 


“The majority of us will not meet a Beyonder our entire lives. 
This has caused Churches, and even some clergymen within 
some of the biggest Churches, to suspect the same. While this is 
the case, I am certain to tell you that Beyonders still exist in 
courts, tribunals, and execution agencies. They are still fighting 
against the dangers that grow in the dark, only that their 
numbers are much fewer as compared to before and during the 
early days of the Iron Age.” 


Zhou Mingrui listened attentively, but he tried his best to present 
himself as paying little attention to Alger’s words, much like 
how he was listening to kids telling stories. 


Relying on Klein’s fragmented general knowledge of history, 
Zhou Mingrui knew clearly that the “Iron Age” referred to the 
current epoch, which was the Fifth Epoch that began 1349 years 
ago. 


Audrey silently listened to Alger finish his sentence before 
sighing. 


“Mister, I know all about what you just said; I even know more 
than that, including the Nighthawks, the Mandated Punishers, 
and the Machinery Hivemind, but I don’t want to lose my 
freedom.” 


Alger gave a low-sounding laugh, and said vaguely, “You can’t 
become a Beyonder without sacrifices. If you don’t consider 
joining Churches and accepting their given challenges, you can 
only seek the royal families and the few nobles with family 
histories of more than a thousand years. If not, you can rely on 
your luck to search for clandestine evil organizations.” 


Audrey puffed her cheeks subconsciously and looked around in a 
fluster. After confirming that both the “mysterious man” and 
Alger did not notice her tic, she pressed, “Are there no other 
solutions?” 


Alger sank into silence. About half a minute later, he turned 
around to look at the “mysterious man” who was watching the 
two of them in silence. 


Realizing that Zhou Mingrui had no plans to make any 
comment, he looked back at Audrey and said with deliberation, 
“I have two sets of Sequence 9 potion formulas.” 


Sequence 9? Zhou Mingrui muttered to himself. 


“Really? Which two sets?” Audrey clearly knew what the 
Sequence 9 potion formulas meant. 


Alger leaned back slightly, and replied unhurriedly, “As you 
know, humanity can only depend on potions to become real 
Beyonders, while the names of potions come from the 
‘Blasphemy Slate.’ After constant translations into Jotun [1], 
Elvish, ancient and modern Hermes, and ancient Feysac, they 
have undergone changes to match the day and age of that era. 
The essence is not in their names, but whether they portray the 
‘core characteristics’ of the potions. 


“I have a Sequence 9 Potion named ‘Sailor.’ It enables you to have 
excellent balancing capabilities. Even if you were on a boat ina 
rainstorm, you will be able to walk about freely as though you 
were on land. You will also gain immense strength and illusory 
scales under your skin. They will enable you to swim like a fish 
and be difficult to catch. You will move agilely underwater just 
like marine animals. Even without any equipment, you will be 
able to easily submerge underwater for at least ten minutes.” 


“Sounds great... the ‘Keepers of the Seas’ from the Lord of 
Storms?” 


“It was called by that name in the past.” Alger did not pause and 
continued. “The second Sequence 9 potion is called ‘Spectator.’ 
Although I am not sure what it was called in the past. This set of 
potions enables you to have an exceptionally sharp mind with 
acute observational abilities. I believe you can understand what 
‘spectator’ means from watching operas and plays. Just like an 
audience, spectators judge the ‘actors’ in the secular world, 
catching a glimpse of the real thoughts of them through their 
emotions, conduct, and mantras.” 


At this point, Alger emphasized, “You must remember, regardless 
of whether you are at an extravagant banquet or a crowded 
street, spectators can only be spectators forever.” 


Audrey’s eyes shone as she listened, and spoke after a long 
while, “Why? Alright, this is a follow-up question. I-I think I have 
fallen in love with this feeling—of being a ‘Spectator.’ How can I 
get this potion’s formula? What can I use to trade with you for 
it?” 


Alger looked like he was already prepared as he said in a deep 
voice, “The blood of Ghost Sharks, at least 100 milliliters of it.” 


Audrey nodded her head excitedly, but subsequently asked 
wotriedly, “If I can get it—and I’m saying if—how do I hand it to 
you? How can you promise me that you can give the potion’s 
formula to me in return for the Ghost Shark’s blood, as well as 
the authenticity of the formula?” 


Alger said calmly, “Ill give you an address. I'll mail the formula 
to you, or tell you directly here, once I receive the blood of the 
Ghost Shark.” 


“As for promises, I think that both you and I can feel assured 
under the witness of the mysterious sir.” 


As he said this, he swept his eyes towards Zhou Mingrui who 
was sitting up straight at the Seat of Honor. 


“Sir, the fact that you brought us here shows that you have 
tremendous strength unimaginable to us. Neither one of us 
would dare violate a promise with you as a witness.” 


“That’s right!” Audrey’ eyes sparkled and agreed with 
excitement. 


From her perspective, the mysterious gentleman who had 
unimaginable abilities was definitely an “authoritative” witness. 


How could I or the guy opposite me dare trick him! 


Audrey half-turned her body and looked at Zhou Mingrui 
earnestly. 


“Sir, please be the witness of our trade.” 


At that moment, she then realized that she was all too impolite, 
having forgotten all along to ask a particular question. She asked 
hurriedly, “Sir, how should we address you?” 


Alger nodded slightly, and echoed the same question in a serious 
manner, “Sir, how should we address you?” 


Zhou Mingrui was taken aback. He gently rapped his fingers on 


the bronze table. The contents of the earlier divination flashed 
across his mind suddenly. 


He leaned back, withdrew his right hand, and crossed his ten 
fingers, placing them below his chin. He gave the duo a faint 
smile. 


“you can address me as...” 
Upon saying this, he paused for a moment. He said amiably and 


calmly, “The Fool.” 


1. Language of Giants. 


Chapter 7: Cole Hames 


“You can address me as The Fool.” 


The simple answer soon emanated through the grand hall and 
dissipated into the fog. However, the voice kept resonating in 
Audrey’s and Alger’s hearts, stirring up one ripple after another. 


They never expected such a designation, but they felt that he was 
deserving of it. The designation perfectly embodied his image as 
someone mysterious, powerful, and bizarre! 


After a few seconds of silence, Audrey stood up, held up her skirt 
slightly and bent her knees, curtseying to Zhou Mingrui. 


“Honorable Mr. Fool, would you please permit me to take the 
liberty of requesting you to be the witness of our trade?” 


“It’s nothing.” Zhou Mingrui’s mind whirred as he answered in a 
way that matched his status. 


“It’s our honor, Mr. Fool.” Alger stood up as well. He bent his back 
slightly with his right palm over his chest. 


Zhou Mingrui lowered his right palm and smiled. 
“Continue, the both of you.” 


Alger nodded and sat back down before looking at Audrey. 


“If you can obtain the Ghost Shark’s blood, get someone to send it 
to the Warrior & Sea Bar at Pelican Street, in the White Rose 
Borough of Pritz Harbor. Tell the boss, Williams, that it’s what 
the ‘Captain’ wants. 


“Once I acknowledge receipt, will you be giving me an address to 
mail the potion formula to or do you want me to tell it to you 
here directly?” 


Audrey thought for a moment before saying with a smile, “I will 
choose the more secure method. Let’s do it here, although it’s a 
test of my memory.” 


Since Mr. Fool had agreed to bear witness for the trade, it also 
represented that there would be a similar ‘gathering’ the next 
time. 


With this in mind, she suddenly turned her head as she looked 
at Zhou Mingrui with sparkling eyes. With a tone of interest, she 
suggested, “Mr. Fool, would you mind making a few more 
‘attempts’ like this?” 


Alger listened to her suggestion calmly; he was tempted by the 
suggestion as well. He hurriedly echoed, “Mr. Fool, don’t you find 
such ‘gatherings’ interesting? Although your powers exceed our 
imaginations, there has to be certain domains that you don’t 
understand or excel in. The person across me is obviously a 
young lady of lofty stature. I also have my unique set of 
experiences, insights, mediums, and resources. Perhaps there 
will come a day when both of us can help you complete 
something trivial that might be inconvenient for you.” 


From his point of view, the fact that he had been pulled into this 
space without any warning or any means to resist meant that 
the mysterious Mr. Fool was in control. Participating in the 
‘gatherings’ was not necessarily something he could refuse. 


Therefore, it was better to reap the benefits of this encounter as 
much as he could to make up for his passive and disadvantaged 
state. 


The trio at the long table had different backgrounds, resources, 
information channels, and comprehension of the mystical 
domain. If they interacted and enjoyed some _ limited 
cooperation, they could’ produce’ unpredictable and 
immeasurable effects! 


The resource trade that had just been negotiated was one 
example. Another example would be if he wished to kill 
someone. He could easily request the gathering’s members who 
did not appear to be related to him both on the surface and in 
reality for help. He could perfectly misdirect any investigators. 


A young lady of lofty stature... Was my behavior and accent that 
obvious? Audrey stared blankly, mouth slightly agape, but she 
soon jolted back to her senses and nodded her head without any 
hesitation. 


“Mr. Fool, I think it’s a very good suggestion. As long as this 
gathering becomes regular, you can totally leave certain things 
that are inconvenient for you to us. Of course, it has to be 
something within our capacities.” 


From the moment he heard the suggestion, Zhou Mingrui was 
already weighing the pros and cons. More gatherings definitely 
allowed him to gain more knowledge of the secrets of the 
Beyonders or other mysteries, a boon for his transmigration 
back. For example, it was likely that the potion formula would 
appear at the next gathering because of the ‘spectators.’ 
Similarly, the information he gained was bound to be helpful for 
his present life. 


However, more gatherings meant it was easier to expose 


himself! 


Indeed, regardless of the world, there is no such thing as a free 
lunch... Zhou Mingrui extended his right hand again as he 
rapped the side of the long table with his finger gently. 


Considering the fact that he was in control of the gathering’s 
summoning and dismissal, any threat of exposure was within 
the confines of his control. The pros clearly exceeded the cons, so 
Zhou Mingrui rapidly made a decision. 


He stopped his rapping as he smiled at the anticipative and 
perturbed gazes of the duo. 


“lm a person who likes a fair and equal exchange. 


“your help will not go unrewarded. 


“Every Monday at three in the afternoon, try your best to be 
alone. After I make a few more attempts and figure out certain 
things, perhaps you can apply for a leave of absence ahead of 
time. You will no longer need to worry about being in 
inappropriate situations.” 


This was a form of agreement to Alger’s and Audrey's 
suggestions. 


Audrey had just turned seventeen. Having been taken care of her 
entire life, she had the character of a young girl. Therefore, she 
could not help but clench her fist and gradually pump it in front 
of her chest when she heard The Fool’s reply. 


Without waiting for Alger to say a word, Audrey said in 
excitement, her eyes glowing, “Then, shall we give ourselves 
code names? After all, we can’t use our real names for 
conversation.” 


Although I might not be able to deceive Mr. Fool regarding my true 
identity, the person opposite me poses some danger. I must not let 
him know who Iam! 


“Good idea,” answered Zhou Mingrui in a simple and relaxed 
manner. 


Audrey's mind immediately began whirring as she aired her 
thoughts as they came to her. 


“You are Mr. Fool which is derived from tarot cards. Then, as a 
fixed, long-term, and secretive ‘gathering,’ we should be uniform 
in our designations. Yes, I'll also choose one from the tarot 
cards.” 


Her tone slowly turned joyous. 
“I’ve decided. My designation shall be ‘Justice!” 


It was one of the twenty-two Major Arcana tarot cards. 


“What about you, Mister?” Audrey cheekily smiled at her 
‘partner’ sitting across her. 


Alger frowned slightly before relaxing it immediately. 


“The Hanged Man.” 


It was another Major Arcana card. 


“Alright, then we can be considered as the founding members of 
the Tarot Club!” Audrey was the first to blurt it out happily, only 
to look fearfully at the fog-concealed Zhou Mingrui. “Will that be 
alright, Mr. Fool?” 


Zhou Mingrui shook his head in amusement. 


“you can decide on such trivial matters by yourselves.” 


“Thank you!” Audrey was clearly thrilled. 


Following that, she looked at Alger. 


“Mr. Hanged Man, can you repeat the address again once more? 
I'm afraid that my memories will fail me.” 


“No problem.” Alger was very pleased with Audrey’s seriousness 
as he repeated the address once more. 


After repeating it to herself silently thrice, Audrey said again in 
excitement, “I heard that tarot cards were invented by Emperor 
Roselle as a game. In fact, doesn’t it come equipped with the 
power to divine the future?” 


“No. Most of the time, divination stems from one’s self. Everyone 
has something spiritual about themselves, allowing them to 
attune to the spiritual world and connect to information about 


themselves at an even higher level. However, ordinary folks are 
unable to notice this, much less be able to interpret the ‘signs’ 
they receive. This information will present itself with the help of 
divination tools. Let me raise a simple example, dreams and 
dream interpreters.” Alger took a glance at Zhou Mingrui and 
seeing no response from him, he refuted Audrey’s claim. “Tarot 
cards are, in fact, such a tool. It uses more symbolism and more 
logical elements to help us in conveniently and accurately 
interpreting the signs.” 


Although Zhou Mingrui appeared indifferent, he was actually 
listening very carefully. It was only at this point that his empty 
mind slowly became heavy as his head began to feel a throbbing 
pain. 


“Got it.” Audrey nodded in agreement. Following that, she 
emphasized, “That’s not what I meant. I’m not doubting the tarot 
cards, but I heard that Emperor Roselle had actually created 
another set of cards, secret and mysterious ones. They were 
paper cards which symbolized a particular unknown power. 
There were a total of twenty-two cards that he completed. Later 
on in life, he referenced them to create the twenty-two Major 
Arcana tarot cards which are used as a gaming tool. Was what I 
said correct?” 


She looked at Zhou Mingrui as though she was attempting to get 
an answer from the mysterious Mr. Fool. 


All Zhou Mingrui did was smile without saying a word. He cast 
his gaze at The Hanged Man as though he was putting him to the 
test. 


Alger subconsciously straightened his back and said in a deep 
voice, “That’s right. It is said that Emperor Roselle had seen the 
Blasphemy Slate and that set of paper cards contain the 
profound mysteries of the twenty-two paths of the divine.” 


by 


“Twenty-two paths of the divine...’ 
longing tone. 


repeated Audrey with a 


At that moment, Zhou Mingrui’s headache intensified. He felt 
that his invisible connection with the crimson stars and 
grayish-white fog was beginning to falter. 


“Alright, that will be all for today’s gathering,” he said in a deep 
voice after making the decision immediately. 


“By your will.” Alger bowed his head respectfully. 


“By your will.” Audrey mimicked The Hanged Man. 


She still had many questions and thoughts; thus, she was 
unwilling to have it end so soon. 


As Zhou Mingrui severed the connection, he said with a smile, 
“Let us look forward to the next gathering.” 


The ‘stars’ brightened once more as the crimson light receded 
like water. Just as Audrey and Alger heard Mr. Fool’s words, their 
figures turned into a blur as they phased away. 


In a second, the ‘projection’ shattered as the gray fog restored its 
silence. 


As for Zhou Mingrui, he felt himself turning heavy rapidly. His 
surroundings turned fleeting as his eyes met darkness before 
changing into dazzling sunlight. 


He was still standing in the middle of his apartment. 


“It was like a dream... What the heck was that foggy world... 
Who or what sort of power created the changes that just 
happened...” Zhou Mingrui sighed softly. He was completely 
puzzled as he walked towards the study desk as though his legs 
were filled with lead. 


He picked up the pocket watch he placed outside to determine 
how much time had passed. 


“Time flowed at the same pace.” Zhou Mingrui made a rough 
judgment. 


After putting down his pocket watch, he found himself unable to 
endure the splitting headache any further. He sat on the chair 
and lowered his head, using his left thumb and middle finger to 
massage his temples. 


After a long while, he suddenly let out a sigh and said in 
Mandarin, “From the looks of it, I won’t be able to return any 
time soon...” 


Only the clueless could be fearless. After witnessing such a 
fascinating event and learning the situation regarding 
Beyonders and the mysterious world, Zhou Mingrui no longer 
dared to rashly try the luck enhancement ritual using ancient 
Feysac or Loen language. 


Who knew what other kinds of situations would happen. 
Perhaps, it would be more bizarre, horrifying, or even a living 
hell! 


“At the very least, I should attempt only when I have a deep 
mastery of mysticism,” thought Zhou Mingrui helplessly. 


Thankfully, the so-called gathering could provide him with help. 


After another bout of silence, he muttered to himself with a tone 
of dismay, disappointment, agony, and grief, “From this 
moment forth, I’m Klein.” 


Klein tried his best to refocus his solutions and plans so as to 
purge the negative emotions in him. 


Perhaps, he could learn the potion formula for ‘Spectator’ from 
the side... 


The ‘gathering’ that just happened sure is fascinating. People who 
reside in different places across the world can reduce hundreds of 
kilometers to just mere inches and discuss face-to-face while 
supplying each other’s needs. Uh, speaking of which, this does 
sound a little familiar... 


Klein was stunned for a few seconds before he burst out in 
laughter. Pressing against his temple, he jested under his breath, 
“Wasn't that a social networking platform?” 


Chapter 8: A New Era 


Whoosh! 


Howling wind accompanied the downpour. The three-mast 
sailboat was tossed around by the crests and troughs of the 
incoming waves, as if it was being toyed by a giant. 


The crimson glow in Alger Wilson’s eyes faded. He found himself 
still remaining on the deck and nothing appeared to have 
changed. 


Almost immediately, the quirky-shaped glass bottle in his palm 
shattered and the frost within melted into the rain. In seconds, 
there were no longer any traces left that suggested the existence 
of the wondrous antique. 


A hexagonal crystal-like snowflake emerged on Alger’s palm. It 
then faded rapidly until it was seemingly absorbed by the flesh, 
vanishing completely in the process. Alger nodded his head in a 
hardly noticeable manner, as if he was thinking about 
something. He remained still and silent for a full five minutes. 


He turned around and headed for the cabin. As he was about to 
enter, a man who wore a similar robe embroidered with 
lightning patterns emerged from inside. 


This man, who had soft blond hair, paused and looked at Alger. 
He held his right fist to his chest and said, “May the Storm be 
with you.” 


Alger replied with the same words and gesture. There were no 


emotions on his rough face which had a well-defined structure. 


Alger entered the cabin after the greeting and proceeded to the 
captain’s cabin situated at the far end of the corridor. 


Surprisingly, he did not encounter any sailors on the way. The 
whole place was as quiet as a graveyard. 


Behind the door to the captain’s cabin, a soft brown carpet 
overlaid the floor. A bookshelf and a wine rack took the opposite 
side walls of the room. The books with their yellowish covers 
and wine bottles with their dark red color looked peculiar under 
the flickering candlelight. 


On the desk with the candle, there was a bottle of ink, a quill, a 
black metallic telescope and a sextant made of brass. 


Behind the desk sat a pale middle-aged man wearing a captain’s 
hat which had a skull on it. As Alger approached him, he said 
menacingly, “I will not give in!” 


“I believe you can do it,” Alger said calmly, so calm that it felt like 
he was commenting on the weather. 


” 


“You... 
answer. 


The man seemed to be stunned by the unexpected 


At this very moment, Alger leaned forward slightly and suddenly 
dashed across the room until they were only separated by the 
desk. 


Pa! 


Alger tightened his shoulder and reached out his right hand to 
choke the man. 


Illusory fish scales appeared on the back of his hand as he 
crazily mustered more strength to choke the man, giving him no 
time to respond. 


Crack! 


Amid the crisp cracking sound, the man’s eyes widened as his 
body was lifted up. 


His legs twitched furiously before they soon became motionless. 
His pupils began to widen as he stared aimlessly. There was a 
stench from between his legs as his pants gradually turned 
moist. 


While lifting the man, Alger lowered his back and strode toward 
the wall. 


Bang! He used the man as a shield and smashed forward at the 
wall. His extremely muscular arm was monstrous. 


A hole cracked open in the wooden wall, and rain poured in, 
accompanied by the scent of the ocean. 


Alger flung the man out of the cabin, straight into the giant 
waves that resembled mountains. 


The wind continued to howl in the dark as almighty nature 
devoured everything. 


Alger took out a white handkerchief and wiped his right hand 
carefully before throwing it into the sea as well. 


He stepped back and waited patiently for company. 


In less than ten seconds, the blond man from before rushed in 
and asked, “What happened?” 


“The ‘captain’ has escaped,” Alger answered in an annoyed 
manner as he panted. “I didn’t know he still had some of his 
Beyonder powers.” 


“Damn it!” the blond man cursed softly. 


He went up to the opening and stared into the distance. 
However, nothing was visible except for the waves and the rain. 


“Forget it, he was just extra loot,” the blond man said, waving his 
arm, “We will still be rewarded for finding this ghost ship from 
the Tudor Era.” 


Even if he was a Keeper of the Sea, he would not have hastily 
dived into the sea under this weather condition. 


“The ‘captain’ will not be able to survive much longer if the 
storm continues.” Alger said, as he nodded in approval. The 
wooden wall was repairing itself at a discernible rate. 


He gazed at the wall and turned his head subconsciously 
towards the rudder and the sail. 


He was perfectly aware of what was going on behind all the 
wooden planks. 


The chief mate, the second mate, the crew, and the sailors were 
not present. There was no living person on board! 


Amidst all the emptiness, the rudder and the sail moved eerily 
by themselves. 


Alger again pictured “The Fool” who was covered in grayish- 
white fog and sighed. 


He turned back and looked outside at the mighty waves and 
spoke as though in a reverie while filled with anticipation and 
awe, “A new era has begun...” 


Empress Borough, Backlund, capital of the Loen Kingdom. 


Audrey Hall pinched her cheeks in disbelief of her encounter a 
while ago. 


On the dressing table in front of her, the old bronze mirror had 
shattered into pieces. 


Audrey cast her gaze downwards and saw the swirling “crimson” 
on the back of her hand; it was like a tattoo depicting a star. 


The “crimson” gradually faded and disappeared into her skin. 


Only at this point in time was Audrey certain that it was not a 
dream. 


Her eyes twinkled as she grinned. She could not help but stand 
up before bending down to lift up the hem of her dress. 


She curtseyed towards thin air and started dancing lively. It was 
the “Ancient Elf Dance, “the most popular dance among royalty 
at the moment. 


She had a bright smile on her face as she moved about 
gracefully. 


Knock! Knock! Someone suddenly knocked at her bedroom door. 


“who is it?” Audrey immediately stopped her dance and asked as 
she tidied her dress to look more elegant. 


“My Lady, may I come in? You should start to prepare for the 
ceremony,” Audrey's maidservant asked from outside the door. 


Audrey looked into a mirror on the dressing table and quickly 
wiped the smile from her face, leaving only a tiny hint of a 
smile. 


She responded gently after she had ensured everything was 
presentable, “Come in.” 


The doorknob turned and Annie, her maidservant, pushed in. 


“Oh, it cracked...” Annie said as she instantly saw the outcome of 


the old bronze mirror. 


Audrey blinked and said slowly, “Erm, Yes! Susie was here just 
now. I am sure you know she likes to wreak havoc!” 


Susie was a golden retriever that was not so much of a purebred. 
It was a gift given to her father, Earl Hall, when he bought a 
foxhound. Nevertheless, Audrey adored it. 


“you should train it well,” Annie said, as she picked up the pieces 
of the bronze mirror adeptly and with care, lest it hurt her 
mistress. 


As she finished tidying up, she asked Audrey with a smile, 
“Which dress do you want to put on?” 


Audrey thought for a while and answered,” I like the dress 
designed by Mrs. Guinea for my 17th birthday.” 


“No, you can’t wear the same dress twice to a formal ceremony 
or others will gossip about and question the Hall family’s 
financial ability,” Annie said, shaking her head in disagreement. 


“But I really like it!” Audrey insisted in a gentle manner. 


“You can wear it at home or when you attend an event that isn’t 
so formal,” Annie said firmly, suggesting that it was not 
negotiable. 


“Then it will have to be the one with the frilly designs along the 
sleeves given by Mr. Sades two days ago,” Audrey said as she 
drew in a gasp inconspicuously, maintaining her sweet smile. 


“you always have such a good taste,” Annie said as she stepped 
back and shouted towards the door, “The sixth dressing room! 
Ah, forget it, I shall fetch it myself.” 


Maidservants began to work. The dress, accessories, footwear, 
hat, makeup, and hairstyle—everything had to be taken care of. 


When it was almost ready, Earl Hall appeared at the door 
wearing a dark brown waistcoat. 


He had a hat sharing the same color as his clothes and a nice 
mustache. His blue eyes were filled with joy, but his loosening 
muscles, widening waist, and wrinkles were obviously 
destroying his handsome youth. 


“The most dazzling jewel of Backlund, it is time for our 
departure,” Earl Hall said, knocking at the door twice. 


“Father! Stop calling me that,” Audrey protested as she got up 
with the help of the maidservants. 


“Well then, it’s time to set off, my beautiful little princess,” Ear] 
Hall said as he bent his left arm, signaling Audrey to hold his 
arm. 


Audrey shook her head slightly and said, “That is for my mother, 
Mrs. Hall, the Countess.” 


“Then this side,” Earl Hall bent his right arm with a smile and 
said, “This is for you, my greatest pride.” 


The Imperial naval base, Pritz Harbor, Oak Island. 


When Audrey took her father’s arm and walked down the 
carriage, she was suddenly shocked by the juggernaut in front of 
her. 


In the military port not far away, there was a huge ship 
shimmering with metallic reflections. It did not have a sail, 
leaving only an observatory deck, two towering chimneys, and 
two turrets at the ends of the ship. 


It was so majestic and large that the fleet of sails nearby were 
like newborn dwarfs clustering around a giant. 


“Holy Lord of Storms...” 


“Oh, m’lord.” 


“An ironclad warship!” 


Amidst the furore, Audrey was also shocked by this 
unprecedented miracle created by mankind. It was an ocean 
miracle that had never been seen before! 


It took a while for the aristocrats, ministers, and Members of 
Parliament to compose themselves. Then, a black spot on the sky 
started to grow in size until it occupied a third of the sky and 
entered everyone’s view. The atmosphere suddenly became 
solemn. 


It was a gigantic flying machine with a beautiful streamlined 
design hovering in mid-air. The deep blue machine had airbags 
made of cotton which were supported by alloy structures that 
were strong but light. The alloy structure’s bottom had openings 
mounted with machine guns, projectile launchers, and muzzles. 
The exaggerated humming noise from the ignition steam engine 
and the tail blades produced a symphony that left everyone 
amazed. 


The King’s family arrived on their airship, exuding a lofty and 
indisputable authority. 


Two swords, each with a ruby crown at the handle, were 
pointing vertically down and reflected the sunlight on both sides 
of the cabin. They were the “Sword of Judgment” emblem which 
symbolized the Augustus family and has been passed down from 
the previous epoch. 


Audrey was not yet eighteen, so she had not attended the 
“introductory ceremony,” which was an event led by the Queen 
that marked one’s debut into the Backlund social scene, to 
announce her adult status. Therefore, she could not be nearer to 
the airship and had to remain silent at the back to watch the 
entire event. 


Nevertheless, it did not matter to her. In fact, she was relieved 
that she did not need to deal with the princes. 


The ‘miracle’ that mankind used to conquer the sky touched 
down gently. The first ones to step down the stairs were the 
handsome young guards who wore red ceremonial uniforms 
with white trousers. Decorated with medals, they formed two 
lines with rifles in hand. They were awaiting the appearances of 
King George III, his queen, and the prince and princess. 


Audrey was not new to meeting important people so she showed 


no interest at all. Instead, she had her attention on the two 
statue-like black-armored cavalry flanking the king. 


In this era of iron, steam, and cannons, it was surprising that 
there was still someone who could bear wearing full armor. 


The cold metallic luster and the dull black helmet conveyed 
solemnity and authority. 


“Could they be the higher-order Disciplinary Paladins...” Audrey 
recalled snippets of a casual conversation among adults. She 
was curious but did not dare go close. 


The ceremony commenced with the arrival of the king’s family. 
The incumbent Prime Minister, Lord Aguesid Negan, went up to 
the front. 


He was a member of the Conservative Party and the second non- 
aristocrat to become the Prime Minister till this very day. He was 
given the title of a Lord for his great contributions. 


Of course, Audrey knew more. The main supporter of the 
Conservative Party was the present Duke of Negan, Pallas Negan, 
who was the brother of Aguesid! 


Aguesid was a slender and almost bald fifty plus year old man 
with a sharp gaze. He surveyed the area before speaking. 


“Ladies and Gentlemen, I believe you have witnessed this 
history-making ironclad warship. It has dimensions of 101 by 21 
meters. It has an amazing port and starboard design. The armor 
belt is 457 millimeters thick. The displacement is 10060 tonnes. 
There are four 305-millimeter main cannons, six rapid-fire 


cannons, 12 six-pound cannons, 18 six-barrel machine guns, and 
four torpedo launchers. It can reach a speed of 16 knots! 


“It will be the real hegemon! It will conquer the seas!” 


The crowd was roused. The mere descriptions were enough to 
instill fearful images in them, let alone the fact that the actual 
thing was right in front of them. 


Aguesid smiled and spoke a few more lines before saluting the 
king and requested, “Your Majesty, please give it a name!” 


“Since it will set sail from Pritz Harbor, it should be named “The 
Pritz,” George III responded. His expression showed his delight. 


“The Pritz!” 


“The Pritz!” 


The words spread from the Navy Minister and the Admiral of the 
Imperial Navy to all the soldiers and officers on the deck. They 
all exclaimed in unison, “The Pritz!” 


George III ordered the Pritz to set sail for a trial in the midst of 
the gun salutes and the celebratory atmosphere. 


Honk! 


Thick smoke spewed out from the chimneys. The sound from the 
machinery could be heard faintly beneath the sound of the ship 
horn. 


The juggernaut departed from the harbor. Everyone was shocked 
when the two main cannons at the ship’s bow fired at an 
uninhabited island in its path. 


Boom! Boom! Boom! 


The ground shook as dust shot up into the sky. Shock waves 
spread out, producing waves in the sea. 


Satisfied, Aguesid turned back to the crowd and announced, 
“From this day on, doomsday will fall on the seven pirates who 
call themselves Admirals and the four who call themselves 
Kings. They can only shiver in fear! 


“It is the end of their era. Only the ironclad warship will roam 
the seas no matter whether the pirates have the powers of the 
Beyonders, ghost ships, or cursed ships.” 


Aguesid’s chief secretary deliberately asked, “Can’t they build 
their own ironclad warships?” 


Some of the nobles and Members of Parliament nodded, feeling 
that such a possibility could not be eliminated. 


Aguesid immediately smiled and shook his head slowly as he 
answered, “Impossible! It will never be possible! Building our 
ironclad warship required three big coal and_ steel 
amalgamators, a scale of more than twenty steel factories, 60 
scientists and senior engineers from the Backlund Cannon 


Academy and Pritz Nautical Academy, two royal shipyards, 
almost hundred factories for spare parts, an Admiralty, a ship- 
building committee, a Cabinet, a determined king with excellent 
foresight, and a great country with an annual steel production of 
12 million tonnes! 


“The pirates will never achieve it.” 


Having said that, he paused and raised his arms before shouting 
in agitation, “Ladies and gentlemen, the era of cannons and 
warships has dawned upon us!” 


Chapter §: The Hotehook 


After half an hour of rest, Zhou Mingrui, who now viewed 
himself as Klein, finally recovered. In the meantime, he found 
that there were now four black dots on the back of his hand, 
which happened to form a small square. 


These four black spots faded and disappeared quickly, but Klein 
knew that they were still hiding in his body, waiting to be 
awakened. 


“Four spots forming a square; is it in correspondence with the 
four pieces of staple food at the four corners of the room? Does 
this mean that in the future, I don’t need to prepare the food and 
can do the ritual and chants immediately?” Klein made a guess. 


This might seem good, but the emergence of the spots was 
ominous, and “things” that one lacked understanding of were 
always scary. 


The fact that those inexplicable Chinese Divinations from Earth 
could produce effects here, the strange transmigration in his 
sleep, the mysterious murmurings that almost drove him crazy 
during the ritual, and the mysterious and trippy gray world 
whose significance he had no idea of made klein shiver in the 
hot weather of June. 


“The oldest and strongest emotion of mankind is fear, and the 
oldest and strongest fear is the fear of the unknown.” He recalled 
this saying as he was experiencing the fear of the unknown 
acutely. 


There was in him an unprecedented and irresistible urge to 


make contact with the mysterious domain, to learn more, and to 
explore the unknown. There was also a contradicting escape 
mentality within him compelling him to pretend nothing had 
happened. 


Intense sunlight shone through the window onto the desk, 
making it appear as if grains of gold were sprinkled on it. Klein 
gazed at the desk, feeling as though he had come into contact 
with warmth and hope. 


He relaxed slightly, and a strong sense of fatigue washed over 
him. 


His eyelids were as heavy as lead as they kept closing 
themselves. It must have been the combined effect of the 
sleepless night and the tiring encounter. 


Klein shook his head and pushed himself up with the aid of the 
desk. He stumbled towards the double-decked bed, completely 
disregarding the rye bread placed at the four corners of the 
room. He fell asleep immediately after he lay down. 


Groan! Groan! 


Klein was woken up by hunger pangs. When he opened his eyes, 
he felt rejuvenated. 


“There’s still a slight headache.” He rubbed his temples and sat 
up. He was so hungry that he could eat a horse! 


He returned to the desk while straightening his shirt. He picked 
up the silver vine-leaf pocket watch. 


Pa! 


The pocket watch’s lid sprang open and the second hand was 
ticking. 


Half past twelve. I slept for three hours... Klein put the pocket 
watch back into his linen shirt pocket while swallowing. 


In the Northern Continent, there were 24 hours in a day, 60 
minutes in an hour, and 60 seconds in a minute. Whether each 
second passed at the same rate here compared to Earth was 
unknown to Klein. 


At this moment, he could not even think of terms such as 
mysticism, rituals or the grayish world. His mind was occupied 
by one thing—food! 


He would leave thinking after his meals! Only then could he 
work! 


Klein picked up the loaves of rye bread from the four corners and 
wiped off the minute specks of dust on it without any hesitation. 
He planned on making one of them his lunch. 


He decided to dig into the offerings because he only had five 
pence with him and there was a tradition of eating the offerings 
back in his hometown. After all, there was not any observable 
change to the bread. It was better to be frugal. 


Of course, the memory and habits left behind by the original 
Klein had also played a role. 


It was a huge waste to use the expensive gas only to light up the 
room. So, Klein took out a furnace and boiled water with it after 
adding some coal. He paced around as he waited. 


Anyone would choke eating those loaves of rye bread without 
water. 


Yikes. Life with meat only for dinner is going to be dreadful... No, 
wait, this is already an exception. Melissa would only allow our 
meals to have meat twice a week if not for my upcoming interview, 
Klein thought, as he looked around, hungry. He had nothing 
better to do. 


His eyes seemed to turn avaricious when he set his eyes on the 
pound of mutton in the cupboard. 


No, I need to wait for Melissa to eat it together, Klein thought as 
he shook his head and rejected the idea of cooking half of it right 
now. 


Although he often ate outside, he had still developed some basic 
culinary skills, owing to his living in a big city alone. His dishes 
were not delicious, but they were at least edible. 


Klein turned his body around so that the mutton would not 
“seduce” him. Then, he suddenly realized that he had also 
bought peas and potatoes in the morning. 


Potatoes! Klein immediately had an idea. He quickly turned back 
to the cupboard and took out two potatoes from a tiny pile of 
them. 


He first cleaned the potatoes in the public bathroom and then 


added them into a pot so they were boiled together with the 
water. 


After a while, he sprinkled into the water some yellow coarse 
salt from the spices container he found inside the cupboard. 


He waited patiently for a few minutes before lifting the pot and 
pouring the “soup” into a few cups and a bowl. He took out the 
potatoes with a fork and placed them on the desk at the end. 


Effi! 


He blew at the potato as he peeled it bit by bit. The fragrance of 
boiled potato diffused through the air. It smelled very appetizing. 


He salivated crazily; the heat could not deter him any longer. 
Klein took a bite despite having the potato only half peeled. 


How fragrant! It had a powdery texture and tasted sweet as he 
chewed. He was instantly filled with emotions and he wolfed 
down the two potatoes. He even ate some of the skin. 


Then, he held up the bow! and enjoyed the ‘soup.’ The pinch of 
salt in water proved to be thirst-quenching. 


I really enjoyed eating potatoes this way when I was young... A 
filled Klein exclaimed in his head. Meanwhile, he tore off a 
small piece of bread and dipped it into the ‘soup’ to soften it 
before eating. 


Perhaps the ritual was too tiring; Klein ate two loaves of bread 
which amounted to a whole pound. 


Klein felt he was finally rejuvenated. He enjoyed the joy of life 
after he drank the ‘soup’ before tidying up. Then, he took in the 
lustrous sunshine happily. 


He sat back at the desk and began planning. 


I can’t escape. I must think of a way to come into contact with 
mysticism and become a Beyonder as mentioned by Justice and 
The Hanged Man. 


I need to overcome the fear of the unknown. 


The only way now is to wait for the next ‘gathering.’ I need to see if 
I can learn the formula of the ‘Spectator’ potion or other things 
related to mysticism. 


There are four more days before Monday. Before that, I need to 
first figure out the problem with Klein. Why did he commit 
suicide? What happened to him? 


Unable to transmigrate back and wash his hands of everything, 
Klein picked up the notebook that lay on the table. He wanted to 
find hints that could help him regain his lost memory 
fragments. 


The original Klein obviously had the habit of taking notes. He 
also liked to write diaries. 


Klein was fully aware that the cabinet that supported the desk 
on the right stored a whole stack of completed notebooks. 


The book he had began on the 10th of May. Matters regarding his 


school, and mentor, as well as content pertaining to knowledge 
were at the beginning. 


“12th May. Mr. Azik mentioned that the common language used 
by the Balam Empire in the Southern Continent also developed 
from Ancient Feysac, a branch of Jotun. Why is this so? Does this 
mean that every sentient living being once spoke the same 
language? No, there has to be a mistake. According to ‘The 
Revelation of Evernight’ and ‘The Book of Storms’, giants were 
not the only hegemons of the world in primordial times. There 
were also elves, mutants, and dragons. Anyways, these are just 
myths and fantasies.” 


“16th May. Senior Associate Professor Cohen and Mr. Azik 
discussed the inevitability of the Age of Steam. Mr. Azik opined 
that it was just a coincidence because if it wasn’t for Emperor 
Roselle, the Northern Continent would still be wielding swords 
like the Southern Continent. Mentor argued that Mr. Azik had 
placed too much emphasis on the contribution of an individual. 
He believes that with progress, even if there wasn’t an Emperor 
Roselle, there would be an Emperor Robert. Therefore, the Age of 
Steam might come late, but eventually come nevertheless. I 
found little meaning in their discussion. I prefer discovering new 
things and unraveling the hidden past. Perhaps I am more suited 
to study archeology than history.” 


“29th May. Welch found me and told me that he had acquired a 
notebook from the Fourth Epoch. Oh my Goddess! A notebook 
from the Fourth Epoch! He didn’t want to ask the archeology 
department’s students for help so he came to Naya and me to 
help him decode the contents. How can I refuse? Of course, I can 
only do it after my graduation defense. I can’t afford diverting 
my attention at this stage.” 


This caught Klein’s attention. Compared to the notes about 
history and viewpoint disagreements, the appearance of a 
notebook from the Fourth Epoch might have led to Klein’s 
suicide. 


The Fourth Epoch was the epoch before the present “Iron Age.” Its 
history was mysterious and incomplete. Due to the fact that very 
few tombs, ancient cities, and records had been found, 
archaeologists and historians could only refer to the ambiguous 
records provided by the seven major Churches that centered 
around their religious teachings to roughly form the ‘original’ 
picture. They knew the existence of the Solomon Empire, the 
Tudor Dynasty, and the Trunsoest Empire. 


Having set his sights on solving the mystery and restoring 
history, Klein didn’t have much interest in the first three eras, 
whose roots were closer to legends. He was more interested in 
the Fourth Epoch, also known as the Age of the Gods. 


Hmm, so Klein was concerned for his future career and thus 
focused on the interview. But it was all futile... Klein could not 
resist exclaiming. 


Universities were still very scarce and the majority of students 
were either from noble or wealthy families. As long as he did not 
have an extreme mindset, a commoner who had been admitted 
into university would have been able to build precious social 
connections through group discussions and networking events 
despite the prejudice and exclusion from the entrenched social 
circles. 


The very generous Welch McGovern was an example. He was the 
son of a banker from Constant City, Midseashire, Loen Kingdom. 
He was used to asking Naya and Klein for help because they 
were always in the same group for work. 


Without thinking further, Klein continued reading the notebook. 


“18th June. I have graduated. Farewell, Khoy University!” 


“19th June. I have seen the notebook. By comparing sentence 
structures and root words, I discovered that it is a modified form 
of ancient Feysac. More precisely, over the course of its 
thousand-year history, the Feysac language had changed 
constantly, a little at a time.” 


“20th June. We have deciphered the contents of the first page. 
The author was a member of a family called Antigonus.” 


“2ist June. He mentioned the Black Emperor. This is 
anachronistic with regards to the time this notebook is deduced 
to be written. Is Professor wrong? Is ‘Black Emperor’ a common 
title for every emperor of the Solomon Empire?” 


“22nd June. The Antigonus family apparently had a very high 
standing in the Solomon Empire. The author mentions that he 
was making a secret transaction with a person named Tudor. 
Tudor? Is it related to the Tudor Dynasty?” 


“23rd June. I am trying to restrain myself from thinking about 
the notebook and going to Welch’s place. I need to prepare for the 
interview! It’s very important!” 


“24th June. Naya tells me that they have found something new. I 
think I need to check it out.” 


“25th June. From the new deciphered content, the author had 
accepted a mission to visit the ‘Nation of the Evernight’ situated 
at the summit of the highest peak of the Hornacis mountain 


range. Oh my Goddess! How can a nation exist at the summit of 
that peak which is over 6000 meters above sea level? How do 
they survive?” 


“26th June. Are these strange things real?” 


The record ended at this point. Zhou Mingrui transmigrated in 
the early hours of the 28th. 


Which means to say that there was indeed an entry for June 27th, 
it’s that line... Everyone will die, including me... Klein flipped to 
the page he first saw when he arrived, feeling goosebumps while 
he made the deduction. 


In order to solve the mystery of the original Klein’s suicide, he 
thought that he should visit Welch and take a look at the ancient 
notebook. However, with a lot of experience from novels, movies, 
and TV drama series, he suspected that if they were really 
related, this visit would be very dangerous—those who went 
investigating castles despite knowing that they were haunted 
served as a warning! 


However, he had to go since escaping would never solve the 
problem. It would only make things worse, until it welled over 
and completely drowned him! 


Perhaps call the police? But claiming to have committed suicide 
would be silly, right... 


Knock! 


Knock, knock! 


There was a Series of quick and forceful knocks. 


Klein sat straight up and listened. 


Knock! 


Knock, knock! 


The knocks echoed through the empty hallway. 


Chapter 10: The Norm 


“Who is it?” 


Klein was thinking about the mysterious suicide of the original 
owner of this body and the unknown danger he might encounter 
when he heard the sudden knock on the door. He subconsciously 
opened the drawer, took out the revolver, and asked vigilantly. 


The other party was quiet for two seconds before a slightly sharp 
voice, in Awwa’s accent, replied, “It’s me, Mountbatten, Bitsch 
Mountbatten.” 


The voice paused for a moment before adding, “The police.” 


Bitsch Mountbatten... When Klein heard this name, he 
immediately thought of the owner of this name. 


He was the policeman in charge of the street where the 
apartment was located. He was a rude, brutal, hands-on man. 
But perhaps, only such a man could be a deterrent for alcoholics, 
thieves, part-time thieves, villains, and hooligans. 


And his unique voice was one of his trademarks. 
“Okay, rll be right there!” Klein responded loudly. 


He had planned to put the revolver back into the drawer but 
thinking that he had no idea why the police were outside and 
that they might search the room or do other things, he 
cautiously ran to the stove where the flames had already been 


extinguished and put the revolver in it. 


Then he picked up the coal basket, shook a few pieces into the 
stove, covered the gun, and finally placed the kettle over the 
stove to conceal everything. 


After doing all of that, he tidied up his clothes and quickly 
approached the door and murmured, “Sorry, I just had a nap.” 


Outside the door stood four policemen in black-and-white 
checkered uniforms with peak caps. Bitsch Mountbatten, the one 
with a brown beard, coughed and said to Klein, “These three 
inspectors have something to ask you.” 


Inspectors? Klein looked at the shoulder badges of the other three 
reflexively and found that two of them had three silver hexagons 
and one had two, both of which looked superior to Bitsch 
Mountbatten, who had only three chevrons. 


As a history student, Klein did little to no research into the ranks 
of police epaulets, except that Bitsch Mountbatten often boasted 
of being a senior sergeant. 


So these three are inspectors? Influenced by conversations with 
Benson, Welch, and his classmates, Klein had the common sense 
to make way and point into the room. 


“Please come in. How might I help you?” 


The leader of the three inspectors was a middle-aged man with 
sharp eyes. He seemed to be able to read the mind of a person 
and make them fearful. His eyes were wrinkled, and the edge of 
his hat revealed light brown hair. He looked around the room 


and asked in a deep voice, “Do you know Welch McGovern?” 


“What’s wrong with him?” Klein quivered and blurted back. 


“lm the one asking the questions.” The dignified middle-aged 
police inspector had a stern look in his eyes. 


The inspector next to him, also wearing three silver hexagons, 
looked at Klein and smiled gently. 


“Don’t be nervous. It’s just a routine questioning.” 


This policeman was in his thirties, with a straight nose and gray 
eyes that, like a lake in an ancient forest that no one visited, 
gave him an indescribable sense of depth. 


Klein took a breath and organized his words. 


“If you mean Welch McGovern, the graduate of Khoy University 
from Constant, then I’m sure I know him. We are classmates 
with the same mentor, Senior Associate Professor Quentin 
Cohen.” 


In the Loen Kingdom, “Professor” was not only a professional 
title, but also a position, just like the combination of professors 
and department deans on Earth. That meant there could only be 
one professor in a universitys department. If an associate 
professor wanted to become professor, they had to wait for their 
superior to retire, or force out their superior with their abilities. 


As talents needed to be retained, the kingdom’s Higher Education 
Commission had added senior associate professors in the three- 


level system of lecturers, associate professors and professors 
after years of observation. This title was given to anyone with 
high academic achievements or with enough seniority but did 
not make it to the position of professor. 


At this point, Klein looked into the eyes of the middle-aged police 
inspector and thought for a second. 


“To be honest, our relationship is quite good. During this period, I 
met with him and Naya frequently to interpret and discuss the 
Fourth Epoch notebook that belonged to him. Inspectors, did 
something happen to him?” 


Instead of answering, the middle-aged police inspector looked 
sideways at his gray-eyed colleague. 


The inspector with the peak cap and ordinary looks replied 
mildly, “’m sorry, Mr. Welch has passed away.” 


“WHAT?” Despite having some hunches, Klein could not help but 
shout out in astonishment. 


Welch died just like the original owner of this body? 


That is a little scary! 


“What about Naya?” Klein questioned hurriedly. 


“Ms. Naya passed away too,” the gray-eyed police inspector said 
quite calmly. “Both of them died in Mr. Welch’s house.” 


“Killed?” Klein had a vague guess. 


Perhaps it was suicide... 


The gray-eyed inspector shook his head. 


“No, the scene suggests that they committed suicide. Mr. Welch 
hit the wall with his head many times, covering the wall with 
blood. Ms. Naya drowned herself in a basin. Yes, the kind used to 
wash your face.” 


“That’s impossible...” Klein’s hairs stood on their ends as he 
seemed capable of imagining the strange scene. 


A girl kneeling on a chair and burying her face into a basin filled 
with water. Her soft brown hair swaying in the wind, but her 
entire person remaining motionless. Welch falling to the ground 
and staring at the ceiling intently. His forehead in a complete 
blood-mangled mess, while the traces of the impact on the wall 
were evident with the streaks of blood... 


The gray-eyed inspector continued, “We believe so too, but the 
autopsy results and the situation at the scene exclude factors 
such as drugs and external forces. They—being Mr. Welch and 
Ms. Naya—showed no signs of struggling.” 


Before Klein could speak again, he stepped into the room and 
asked, pretending to be casual, “When was the last time you saw 
Mr. Welch or Ms. Naya?” 


As he spoke, he gestured with his eyes to his colleague with two 
silver hexagons. 


He was a young police inspector and looked about the same age 
as Klein. With black sideburns and green pupils, he was good 
looking and had a poet’s romantic temperament. 


When he heard the question, Klein thought about it and 
answered it thoughtfully, “It should be June 26th, we were 
reading a new chapter in the notes. Then, I went home to 
prepare for my interview on June 30th. Uh, the interview was for 
the History Department of Tingen University.” 


Tingen was known as the city of universities. There were two 
universities, Tingen and Khoy, as well as technical schools, law 
colleges and business colleges. It was second only to Backlund, 
the capital. 


As soon as he finished, he saw the young police inspector walk 
towards his desk in the corner of his eye and pick up the notes 
which resembled more of a diary. 


Damn! I forgot to hide it! 


“Hey!” Klein cried out. 


The young inspector smiled back at him, but did not stop flipping 
through his notes, while the gray-eyed inspector explained, “This 
is a necessary procedure.” 


At this time, Bitsch Mountbatten and the dignified middle-aged 
police inspectors were just watching without interrupting or 
assisting in the search. 


Where are your search warrants? Klein had intended to question 
them, but on second thought, the judicial system of the Loen 


Kingdom did not seem to have such a thing as search warrants. 
At least he did not know if there was one. After all, the police 
force had only been established for fifteen or sixteen years. 


When the original owner of this body was still a child, they were 
still called Public Security Officers. 


Klein couldn’t stop it. He watched the young inspector flip 
through his notes, but the gray-eyed inspector did not ask any 
questions. 


“What is this strange thing?” The young police inspector turned 
to the end of the notes and suddenly asked, “And what does this 


J ” 


mean? ‘Everyone will die, including me’... 


Isn’t it common sense that everyone dies except for deities? Klein 
was prepared to quibble, but it suddenly occurred to him that he 
had planned to “connect” with the police in case of possible 
danger, but he had no reasons or excuses. 


He made a decision in less than a second. Putting his hand over 
his forehead, he answered painfully, “I have no idea. I really 
have no idea... When I woke up this morning, I felt I wasn’t quite 
right, as if I had forgotten something. It’s especially true for 
whatever happened recently. I don’t even know why I had 
written such a sentence.” 


Sometimes, being frank was the best way to solve a problem. Of 
course, it required skills. There were things that could be said 
and could not be said, and the order of what was said first 
mattered. 


As an expert keyboard warrior, Klein was also good at sophistry. 


“That is ridiculous! Do you think we are fools?” Bitsch 
Mountbatten could not help but interject angrily. 


This is such a bad lie that it insults the intelligence of his and his 
colleagues! 


It’s better for you to pretend to be mentally ill than to pretend to 
be an amnesiac! 


“lm speaking the truth,” Klein responded frankly, looking into 
the eyes of Mountbatten and middle-aged police inspectors. 


It really could not be more true. 


“Maybe it is,” the gray-eyed police inspector said slowly. 


What? He really believed it? Klein was surprised himself. 


The gray-eyed inspector smiled at him and said, “An expert will 
come in two days and believe me, she should be able to help you 
to recall your lost memories.” 


Expert? Help me remember my memories? In the field of 
psychology? Klein frowned. 


Hey, what if his memories of Earth were exposed? He suddenly felt 
like facepalming himself. 


The young police inspector put down his notes and searched his 
desk and room. Fortunately, he focused on books instead of 
lifting the kettle. 


“Well, Mr. Klein, thank you for your cooperation. We advise that 
you'd better not leave Tingen for the coming days. If you have to, 
please notify Inspector Mountbatten, or you'll become a fugitive,” 
the gray-eyed police inspector warned. 


That’s it? That’s it for today? No other questions with deeper 
investigations? Or taking me back to the police station to torture 
me for information? Klein was at a loss. 


Nevertheless, he wanted to solve the odd turn of events brought 
about by Welch too. So he nodded. 


“That wouldn’t be an issue.” 


The inspectors exited the room one by one, and the young man 
at the end suddenly patted Klein on the shoulder. 


“It’s really nice. Very lucky.” 


“What?” Klein’s face was puzzled. 


The green-eyed police inspector with a poet’s temperament 
smiled and said, “Generally speaking, the norm is for all the 
involved parties to die in such an event. We are very glad and 
fortunate to see you still alive.” 


After that, he exited the room and closed the door behind him 
politely. 


The norm is for everyone to die together? Very glad that I’m still 
alive? Fortunate that I’m still alive? 


On this June afternoon, Klein was chilling all over. 


Chapter 11: Real Culinary Skills 


The norm is for everyone to die together? Very glad that I’m still 
alive? Fortunate that I’m still alive? 


Klein shivered and quickly ran to the door, trying to catch up 
with the policemen and ask for protection. 


But as soon as he reached the handle, he suddenly stopped. 


That officer talked so horribly about it, why didn’t they protect 
me, an important witness or key lead? 


Isn’t that too careless? 
Were they just probing me? Or maybe it’s a bait? 


All kinds of thoughts rushed into Klein’s mind; he suspected that 
the police were still secretly “watching” him, observing his 
reaction. 


He felt much calmer after thinking of this and was no longer so 
panicked. He slowly opened the door, deliberately shouting with 
a trembling voice at the staircase, “You guys will protect me, 
right?” 


Tap, tap, tap...There was no response from the police officers, 
and there was no change in the rhythm of the contact between 
the leather shoes and the wooden stairs. 


“I know! You'll do that!” Klein shouted again in a tone of feigned 
conviction, trying to act like a normal person that was in danger. 


The sound of footsteps gradually weakened and disappeared into 
the bottom floor of the apartment. 


Klein snorted and laughed, “Isn’t that response too fake? Their 
acting skills are not up to standard!” 


He did not run after them. Instead, he turned back to the room 
and closed the door behind him. 


In the next few hours, Klein fully expressed what they called 
back in Foodaholic Empire, China—restlessness, nervousness, 
agitation, inadvertence and murmuring words that he did not 
understand. He did not slack just because there was no one 
around. 


This is called the self-cultivation of an actor! He laughed at 
himself in his heart. 


When the sun moved to the west, the clouds on the horizon 
appeared to be reddish-orange. Tenants in the apartment came 
home one after another; Klein shifted his focus elsewhere. 


“Melissa is almost done with school...” He looked at the stove, 
lifted the kettle, peeled off the coal and took out the revolver. 


Without pause or delay, he reached to the back of the board 
under the double-decked bed where more than ten wooden strips 
were staggered out. 


After clipping the left wheel between a piece of wooden strip and 
board, Klein straightened up and waited uneasily, fearing that 
the police would burst open the door and rush into the room 
with guns in their hands. 


If it was an Age of Steam, he was certain he would not be seen by 
anyone when he did that. However, there were extraordinary 
powers here, ones that he had proven through his own 
experiences. 


After waiting for a few minutes, there was no movement at the 
door. There was only the chatter between two tenants who were 
heading for the Heart of the Wild Bar on Iron Cross Street. 


“Phew.” Klein exhaled, feeling assured. 


All he needed to do was wait for Melissa’s return and cook the 
stewed mutton with tender peas! 


When the idea came to Klein’s mind, his mouth seemed to taste 
the rich flavor of the gravy; he remembered how Melissa cooked 
stewed mutton with tender peas. 


First, she boiled the water and stir-fried the meat. Then, she 
added onions, salt, a little pepper, and water. After a specific 
period of time, the peas and potatoes were added, and the stew 
was to be cooked for an additional forty or fifty minutes with the 
lid on. 


“It’s indeed a simple and crude way to do it... Supported purely by 
the flavors of the meat itself!” Klein shook his head. 


But there was no other way about it. It was hard for commoners 


to have many kinds of condiments and various cooking 
methods. They could only pursue simple, practical, and 
economical methods. As long as the meat was not burnt or 
spoiled, anything was good for people who could only eat meat 
once or twice a week. 


Klein was not a very good cook himself and ordered takeout food 
most of the time. But by cooking three or four times a week, 
after many weeks of accumulated practice, he had a passing 
standard and felt that he would not let the pound of mutton 
down. 


“When Melissa comes back to cook it, it will be done after 
7:30pm. She would be starving by then... It’s time for her to see 
what real cooking is!” Klein made an excuse for himself. First, he 
started the fire again, went to the bathroom to collect water, and 
washed the mutton. Then he took out the kitchen boards and 
knives before chopping the mutton into tiny chunks. 


As for the explanation for his sudden culinary skills, he decided 
to blame it on the dead Welch McGovern, who had not only hired 
a chef who was good at the Midseashire flavor, but also often 
created his own delicacies and invited people to try them. 


Well, the dead cannot refute me! 


Nevertheless, tsk, this is a world with Beyonders; the dead are not 
necessarily unable to speak. With that in mind, Klein felt a little 
guilty conscience. 


He threw aside his confused thoughts and put the meat into the 
soup bowl. Then he took out the condiment box and added in a 
spoonful of the crude salt, half of which had begun yellowing. In 
addition, he cautiously took some black pepper grains from a 
special small bottle, mixing and marinating them together. 


He placed the saucepan on the stove and, while waiting for it to 
heat up, Klein rummaged for the carrots from yesterday and cut 
them into pieces with the onions he bought today. 


When he was done with his preparations, he took out a small 
can from the cupboard and opened it. There was not much lard 
left in it. 


Klein took a spoonful, put it in the pan, and melted it. He added 
in the carrots and onions and stirred it for a while. 


As the fragrance began to pervade, Klein poured all the mutton 
into the pot and fried it with care for a while. 


He should have added cooking wine in the process, or red wine 
at least. However, the Moretti family did not have these luxuries 
and could only drink a glass of beer a week. Klein had to make 
do with whatever was available and poured in some boiled 
water. 


After stewing for about twenty minutes, he opened the lid, put 
the tender peas and cut potatoes in it, and added a cup of hot 
water and two spoons of salt. 


He closed the lid, lowered the fire, and exhaled satisfactorily, 
waiting for his sister to reach home. 


As seconds turned into minutes, the fragrance in the room 
intensified. There was the allure from the meat, the rich smell of 
potatoes, and the refreshing scent of onions. 


The smell gradually mixed up, and Klein swallowed his saliva 
from time to time, keeping track of the time with his pocket 


watch. 


After more than forty minutes, some not-so-brisk but rhythmic 
footsteps approached. A key was inserted, the handle was 
turned, and the door opened. 


Before Melissa came in, she whispered doubtfully, “Smells 
good...” 


With her bag still in her hand, she stepped in and glanced over 
at the stove. 


“You made this?” Melissa took off her veil hat and her hand 
paused mid-air, looking at Klein in astonishment. 


She twitched her nose and inhaled more of the fragrance. Her 
eyes quickly softened, and she seemed to find some confidence. 


“you made this?” she asked again. 


“Are you afraid ’'d waste the mutton?” Klein smiled and returned 
with a question. Without waiting for an answer, he said to 
himself, “Don’t worry, I specifically asked Welch to teach me 
how to cook this dish. You know, he has a good cook.” 


“First time?” Melissa’s eyebrows creased subconsciously, but they 
were smoothed by the fragrance. 


“It looks like ’'m talented.” Klein laughed. “It’s almost done. Put 
your books and veil hat down somewhere. Go to the bathroom 
and wash your hands, and then get ready to taste it. 'm very 
confident about it.” 


When she heard her brother’s orderly arrangements and saw his 
gentle and calm smile, Melissa stood rooted at the door and 
failed to respond in her daze. 


“Do you prefer the mutton to be cooked longer?” Klein urged with 
a laugh. 


“Ah, okay, okay!” Melissa jolted back to her senses. With a 
handbag and veil in each hand, she rushed into the room 
quickly. 


When the lid of the saucepan was uncovered, a sudden blast of 
steam appeared before Klein’s eyes. Two pieces of rye bread were 
already placed to the side of the mutton and tender peas, 
allowing them to absorb the fragrance and heat to become soft. 


By the time Melissa had packed her items, washed her hands 
and face, and returned, a plate of stewed mutton with tender 
peas, potatoes, carrots and onions was already placed on the 
table. Two pieces of rye bread, colored by a light dip into the 
gravy, were on their plates. 


“Come on, try it.” Klein pointed to the wooden fork and spoon 
next to the plate. 


Melissa was still a little confused. She didn’t refuse; she picked 
up a potato with her fork, put it into her mouth and bit it lightly. 


The taste of the starchy potato and gravy fragrance flooded her 
mouth. Her saliva secretion went crazy as she gobbled down the 
potato in a few mouthfuls. 


“Try the mutton.” Klein gestured at the plate with his chin. 


He had tasted it just now and thought it was barely at a passing 
standard, but it was enough for a girl who was inexperienced 
with what the world had to offer. After all, she only ate meat 
occasionally. 


Melissa’s eyes were filled with anticipation as she carefully 
forked some mutton. 


It was very tender and, as soon as it entered the mouth, nearly 
melted. The fragrance of the meat exploded in her mouth, filling 
it with delicious meat juices. 


It was an unprecedented feeling that made Melissa unable to 
stop eating. 


By the time she realized it, she had already eaten several pieces 
of the mutton. 


“T... L.. Klein, this was supposed to be prepared for you...” Melissa 
blushed and stammered. 


“Td nibbled some of the food just now. It’s the privilege of being a 
cook.” Klein smiled and soothed her sister. He picked up his fork 
and spoon. At times, he would eat a piece of meat and 
sometimes, he would stuff his mouth full of peas. At other times, 
he would put down the utensils, break off a piece of rye bread 
and dip it in gravy. 


Melissa relaxed and was immersed in the delicacy again by 
Klein’s normal behavior. 


“It’s really delicious. It doesn’t seem like you were doing it for the 
first time.” Melissa looked at the empty dish and praised him 


with all her heart. Even the gravy was finished. 


“Its a long way from Welch’s chef. When Im rich, I'll take you 
and Benson out to the restaurant and have a better meal!” Klein 
said. He was beginning to look forward to it himself. 


” 


“your interview... Burp...” Melissa did not finish her words 
because she suddenly let out a sound of contentment 
involuntarily. 


She put her hand over her mouth in a hurry and looked 
embarrassed. 


The fault is with the stewed mutton with tender peas just now! It 
was just too delicious. 


Klein laughed secretly and decided not to make fun of his sister. 
He pointed to the plate and said, “This is your mission.” 


“All right!’ Melissa stood up immediately, took the basin and 
rushed out the door. 


When she came back, she opened the cupboard to check the 
condiment box and other items as per normal. 


“Did you just use them?” Melissa was surprised, and turned to 
Klein, holding the black pepper bottle and lard can. 


Klein shrugged his shoulders and laughed. 


“Just a little. It’s the price of a delicacy.” 


Melissa’s eyes twinkled, her expression changing for a few 
moments, before she finally said, “Let me cook in the future.” 


“Um... You have to hurry up and prepare for the interview. You 
have to think about your job.” 


Chapter 12: Here Again 


Melissa, can you not rub in it... Klein muttered inwardly. He felt 
a throbbing pain in his head. 


The amount of content Klein had forgotten wasn’t considered a 
lot, but neither was it negligible. The interview was in two days, 
so how could he find the time to make up for it...? 


Furthermore, he was involved in such strange paranormal 
activity, so how would it be possible that he would be in the 
mood to revise? 


Klein gave his sister a perfunctory response and began putting 
on the appearance of studying. Melissa moved a chair over to sit 
beside him. With light shining from the gas lamp, she began 
working on her assignments. 


The atmosphere was serene. When it was almost eleven o'clock, 
the siblings bade each other goodnight and went to bed. 


Knock! 
Knock! Knock! 


Poundings on the door roused Klein from his dreams. 


He peered out of the window to see the first glimmer of dawn. In 
a daze, he flipped over and sat up. 


“Who is it?” 


Look at the time now! Why didn’t Melissa wake me up? 


“It's me. Dunn Smith,” a man with a deep voice outside the door 
replied. 


Dunn Smith? Don’t know him... Klein got off his bed and shook 
his head as he walked towards the door. 


He opened the door to see the gray-eyed police inspector whom 
he had met the day before standing in front of him. 


Alarmed, Klein asked, “Is there something wrong?” 


The policeman replied with a stern look, “We found a carriage 
driver. He testified that you had gone to Mr. Welch’s place on the 
27th—the day when Mr. Welch and Ms. Naya died. Furthermore, 
Mr. Welch was the one who paid for your transportation fees.” 


Klein was startled. He did not feel a tinge of fear or guilt that one 
would expect from having his lies exposed. 


It was because he was not even lying. In fact, he was surprised 
by the evidence provided by Dunn Smith. 


On the 27th of June, the former Klein had indeed gone to Mr. 
Welch’s place. On the night that he returned, he killed himself, 


the exact same way as Welch and Naya did! 


Klein gave a forced smile and said, “This is insufficient evidence. 
It does not directly prove that I am associated with the death of 
Welch and Naya. Honestly speaking, I’m also very curious about 
the whole incident. I want to know what exactly happened to my 
two poor friends. But... But... I really can’t remember. In fact I 
have almost completely forgotten what I had done on the 27th. 
You may find it hard to believe, but I fully relied on the diaries I 
had written to roughly make a guess that I had gone to Welch’s 
place on the 27th.” 


“you sure have great mental fortitude,” Dunn Smith said while 
nodding. He showed not a trace of anger; nor was he smiling. 


“you should be able to hear my sincerity,” Klein looked him 
straight in the eye and said. 


I’m telling the truth! Of course, only part of it! 


Dunn Smith did not give an immediate response. He swept his 
glance across the room before saying slowly, “Mr. Welch lost a 
revolver. I guess... I should be able to find it here. Right? Mr. 
Klein?” 


Indeed... Klein finally understood where the revolver had come 
from. A thought flashed in his mind and he came to the final 
verdict in an instant. 


He raised his hands halfway and retreated, leaving a path open. 
Then, he signaled at the bunk bed with his chin. 


“Behind the bed board.” 


He did not specifically mention that it was the bottom deck, as 
no one would normally hide things at the back of the bed board 
on an upper deck. That would be too obvious for guests to notice 
at a glance. 


Dunn Smith did not move forward. The corners of his mouth 
twitched as he asked, “Nothing to add on?” 


Without hesitation, Klein replied, “There is!” 


“yesterday, when I woke up in the middle of the night, I realized 
I was laying on my desk with a revolver beside me. There was a 
bullet at the corner of the room. It was as if I had committed 
suicide. But due to a lack of experience of never having used a 
gun, or maybe I was too scared at the final moment... Anyway, 
the bullet did not achieve the desired result, my head is still in 
its place. I am still alive now. 


“And since then, I have lost some memories, including what I 
saw and did at Welch’s place on the 27th. ’'m not lying. I really 
can’t remember.” 


For the sake of being eliminated as a suspect. For the sake of 
getting rid of all these strange events surrounding him, Klein 
explained almost everything that had happened. Except, the 
transmigration and “gathering.” 


Also, Klein was careful with his words, allowing every sentence 
to be amenable. Such as, not revealing the fact that the bullet 
had hit his brains, but only mentioning that it did not achieve 
the desired result, and that his head was still in its place. 


To others, these two statements might seem to convey the exact 
same ideas, but in reality they were like chalk and cheese. 


Dunn Smith listened quietly, then said, “This corresponds with 
what I had surmised. It also corresponds with the hidden logic of 
similar incidents in the past. Of course, I have no idea how you 
managed to survive.” 


“lm glad you believe in me. I don’t know how I survived either.” 
Klein heaved a small sigh of relief. 


“But—” Dunn threw out a conjunction. “There is no use in me 
believing you. You are currently the prime suspect. You have to 
be confirmed by an ‘expert’ that you have indeed forgotten what 
you went through, or that you indeed have nothing to do with 
the deaths of Mr. Welch and Miss Naya.” 


He coughed, his expression becoming serious. 


“Mr. Klein, I seek your cooperation on coming with me to the 
police station for the investigation. This should take roughly two 
to three days if it is confirmed that there are no issues with you.” 


“The expert is here?” Klein asked blankly in return. 


Didn’t they say it would take another two days? 


“She came earlier than expected.” Dunn turned sideways, 
signaling for Klein to leave. 


“Allow me to leave a note,” Klein requested. 


Benson was still away and Melissa had gone to school. He could 
only leave a note to inform them that he was involved in an 
incident associated with Welch so that they would not worry 


about him. 


Dunn nodded, barely minding. 


“alright.” 


Klein returned to the desk. As he searched for paper, he began 
thinking about what was about to occur. 


Honestly speaking, he did not wish to meet the ‘expert.’ After all, 
he had a bigger secret. 


In a place where there were seven major churches, under the 
premise that Emperor Roselle, who was suspected to be a 
transmigrator predecessor, was assassinated, a thing like 
‘transmigration’ usually meant having to go to court and enter 
arbitration! 


But, without weapons, combat skills, or superpowers, he was no 
match for a professional policeman. What’s more, a few of 
Dunn’s subordinates were standing in the dark outside. 


Once they draw their guns and shoot at me, I'd be finished! 


“Ugh, Ill take one step at a time.” Klein left the note, grabbed his 
keys, and followed Dunn out the room. 


Along the dark aisle, four policemen in _ black-and-white 
checkered uniforms split into pairs and guarded them on both 
sides. They were very alert. 


Tap. Tap. Tap. Klein followed alongside Dunn as they went down 
the wooden stairs which occasionally creaked in protest. 


Outside the apartment, there was a four-wheeled carriage. On 
the side of the carriage, there was the “two crossed swords and a 
crown” police emblem. Their surroundings were crowded and 
bustling with noise as usual. 


“Go on, up.” Dunn signaled for Klein to go first. 


Klein was just about to step forward when an oyster seller 
suddenly grabbed a customer and claimed that he was a thief. 


Both parties wrestled and triggered a response from the horses, 
causing great chaos. 


An opportunity! 


There wasn’t much time for Klein to think any further; he bent 
forward and dashed towards the crowd. 


Either shoving or dodging, he escaped frantically towards the 
other end of the street. 


Right now, for the sake of not “meeting” the expert, he could only 
proceed by going to the pier outside the city, taking a boat down 
the Tussock River and escaping to the capital, Backlund. The 
population was higher there, making it easier to hide. 


Of course, he could also get on a steam train, go eastward to the 
nearest Enmat Harbor and take the sea route to Pritz, then 
towards Backlund. 


Not long after, Klein arrived at a street and made a turn onto 
Iron Cross Street. There were several carriages that could be 
hired. 


“To the pier outside the city.” Klein reached out his hand and 
hopped onto one of the carriages. 


He had thought through things clearly. Firstly, he had to mislead 
the police that were coming for him. Once the carriage was a 
suitable distance away from them, he would jump right off! 


“Alrighty.” The carriage driver tugged at the reins. 


Clop! Clop! Clop... The carriage left Iron Cross Street. 


Just as Klein was about to jump off the carriage, he noticed that 
it had turned into another road. It wasn’t leading out of the city! 


“Where are you going?” Klein blurted in his momentary daze. 


“To Welch’s place...” the carriage driver answered monotonously. 


What!? Klein was at a loss for words. The carriage driver turned 
around, exposing his cold gray eyes. It was Dunn Smith, the 
gray-eyed policeman! 


“you!” Klein was flustered. Everything suddenly became a blur as 
though the world spun around him when he instantly sat up. 


Sat up? Klein looked around, confused. He noticed the crimson 
moon outside the window and the room being covered in a 


crimson veil. 


He reached out with his hand to feel his forehead. It was all 
moist and cold. Cold sweat. His back felt exactly the same. 


“It was a nightmare...” Klein heaved a sigh. “All is well... All is 
well...” 


He found it weird. He was rather clear-minded in his dream, he 
was even able to think calmly! 


After calming down, Klein looked at his pocket watch. It was 
only two in the morning. He got out of bed quietly and planned 
to head to the washroom where he could wash his face and 
empty his burgeoning bladder. 


He opened the door and walked along the dark corridor. Under 
the dim moonlight, he walked lightly towards the washroom. 


Suddenly, he noticed a silhouette outside the window at the end 
of the corridor. 


That silhouette was wearing a black trench coat that was shorter 
than a coat, but longer than a jacket. 


That silhouette was partly camouflaged in the darkness, bathing 
in the crimson moonlight. 


That silhouette turned around slowly. His eyes deep, gray, and 
cold. 


Dunn Smith! 


Chapter 12: Nighthawk 


Plop! 


Klein could not help but take a step back. For a moment he was 
unsure if he was awake or still in his dreams. 


The silhouette took off his black top hat and bowed a little as he 
said with a smile, “Reintroducing myself, Nighthawk, Dunn 
Smith.” 


Nighthawk? One of the codenames of the Church of Evernight’s 
Beyonder teams which ‘Justice’ and ‘The Hanged Man’ mentioned 
before? Klein suddenly realised something, and exclaimed after 
making a connection, “You can control dreams? You just made 
me dream of that?” 


Nighthawk Dunn Smith wore his black hat again, concealing his 
slightly high hairline. With deep gray eyes he said, “No, I only 
entered your dream and made the necessary guidance.” 


His voice was deep and soothing; it reverberated through the 
dimly lit corridor without disturbing the sweet dreams of others, 
“In dreams, even though much of your usually suppressed 
emotions and various dark thoughts in you are amplified— 
making everything seem chaotic, absurd, and crazy—they are all 
rooted in reality since reality exists. For veterans like me, 
everything is crystal clear. Compared to a conscious you, I believe 
the you in your dreams more.” 


This... What normal human being could control his dream? If I 
had dreamed of something on Earth, wouldn’t Dunn Smith have 
noticed? Klein was petrified by what had happened in the dream. 


Yet he quickly found it bizarre. He remembered being very much 
sober and rational—knowing what to say and what not to say. 


To put it simply, it did not feel like dreaming at all! 


So, Dunn Smith only “saw” what I wanted him to see? 


Klein’s mind whirled as he gained a glimmer of understanding. 


This is a perk that resulted from transmigration? Like having a 
special body and soul? Or was it the effects of that luck 
enhancement ritual? 


“So, Mr Smith, do you believe that I really lost my memory?” 
Klein organized his thoughts and asked in reply. 


Dunn Smith did not answer him directly. Instead he looked at 
him keenly. 


“you are actually not surprised by the course of events?” 


“Tve met people who wouldn’t believe in the power of the 
Beyonders, and they would rather believe that they haven't really 
woken up.” 


Klein tersely acknowledged as he said, “Perhaps, I have always 
been praying, hoping that there was such power to help me.” 


“An interesting train of thought... Perhaps you survived not only 
because you were lucky.” Dunn nodded expressionlessly. “I can 
now confirm that you really lost parts of your memories due to 


the incident, especially those related to it.” 


“So can I go back now?” Klein heaved a long sigh of relief in his 
heart as he probed. 


Dunn placed a hand in his pocket and walked slowly towards 
Klein, the surrounding darkness becoming tranquil and gentle. 


“No, you still have to come with me to see the expert,” he smiled 
politely and said. 


“why?” Klein blurted out, then added, “You don’t believe in the 
findings from my dream?” 


You must be joking, if that “expert” specializes in hypnosis or 
mind-reading and stuff, then wouldn’t my biggest secret be 
exposed? 


The consequences would be beyond imagination! 


“Tm quite humble usually, but I'm still confident for things 
related to dreams.” Dunn calmly replied, “However, for 
important key matters, there is no harm in confirming them 
again. Plus, our specialties lie in different areas. Perhaps, she 
can help you recover some of your memories.” 


Not waiting for Klein to reply, his voice turned deeper. “After all 
you're connected to the whereabouts of that Antigonus family 
notebook.” 


“What?” Klein froze. 


Dunn stopped in front of him, locking his gray eyes on Klein’s 
eyes and said, “At the scene of the suicide, there was not a single 
trace of that notebook from the Fourth Epoch. Welch is dead, 
Naya is dead; you are our only lead.” 


“Alright then.” Klein went silent for a moment before exhaling. 


A missing notebook... now this is really peculiar! 


How did I not think about the whereabouts of that notebook from 
the Fourth Epoch! 


Dunn nodded slightly, walking past Klein and said, “Lock your 
door and come with me to Welch’s apartment, the expert is 
waiting for us there.” 


Klein took in a silent breath. His heart was thumping wildly as 
he felt uneasy. 


He wanted to decline and even had the intention to run. 
However, he believed that with what had happened in his 
dreams, Dunn Smith would have definitely heightened his level 
of guard. And with the difference in strength between a normal 
human and a Beyonder, there was little chance of success by 
using force. 


He must have a revolver with him too... He must also have had 
practice using the revolver... 


Many thoughts flashed past his mind, and eventually Klein 
chose to accept the reality. 


“alright.” 


Sigh, I can only take one step at a time and see how things unfold; 
maybe, that miraculous power in my dream will take effect 
again... 


“Then let’s go,” Dunn said in an indifferent tone. 


Klein turned and followed. After taking two steps, he suddenly 
stopped and said, “Mr. Smith, I... I would like to use the 
bathroom first.” 


I came out originally for the bathroom... 


Dunn did not stop him. Instead, he gave him a keen look and 
said, “No problem, Klein. Believe me, I am far more powerful 
than you can imagine in the dark night.” 


In the dark night... Klein silently repeated this phrase. 


He did not make any reckless attempt to escape and honestly 
relieved himself. He then washed his face with cold water, 
completely calming himself down. 


Klein changed his outfit and closed the door to his apartment. 
With gentle steps, Klein followed Dunn down the stairs and 
walked towards the building’s entrance. 


In such a tranquil setting, Dunn Smith opened his mouth and 
spoke suddenly, “At the end of the dream, why did you try to 
escape? What were you afraid of?” 


Klein immediately thought of an answer as he said, “I do not 
remember what I did at Welch’s place, nor do I remember if I 
was directly involved in Welch’s and Naya’s deaths. I was afraid 
that if it was really proven to be my doing, I would rather 
gamble and escape. I can then start anew in the Southern 
Continent.” 


“IT would’ve done the same if I were you,” Dunn said as he pushed 
open the door to the building, letting in the cool midnight breeze 
to disperse the sweltering heat inside. 


He was not afraid of Klein running away as he got on the 
carriage. It was exactly the one Klein had dreamed of—a four- 
wheeled carriage drawn by a single horse and the carriage 
driver. There was also the police emblem of double-crossed 
swords that clustered a crown carved onto the side of the 
carriage. 


Klein followed into the carriage. Inside, there was a thick carpet 
laid out and the place was filled with a soothing fragrance. 


Having sat down, he looked for a topic to probe for more 
information. 


“Mr. Smith, what if—and I mean if—the ‘expert’ confirms that I 
have really forgotten a part of my memories? And that there is 
no other evidence which points to me being the perpetrator or a 
victim, would this be over?” 


“In theory, yes. We will try to search for the notebook through 
other means. As long as it exists, it can be found. Of course, 
before that, we will have to make sure you are not cursed or 
have any scent of cacodemons and that there are no related 
psychological problems lingering. We must ensure that you can 
embrace the rest of your life peacefully and healthily.” Dunn 
Smith had a smile on his face, a rather unusual smile. 


Klein caught on to this point keenly, and promptly inquired, “In 
theory?” 


“yes, only in theory. In this field of work, there are always 
twisted, unorthodox, and inexplicable things happening.” Dunn 
looked Klein in the eye and said, “Their continuation or end are 
not what we can foresee or control at times.” 


“For example?” Klein actually felt frightened for a moment. 


The carriage sped through an almost empty street. Dunn took 
out his tobacco pipe and sniffed it, saying, “When we believe that 
things have come to an end, with everything going back to 
normal, it would resurface in a terrifying, chilling way.” 


“A few years ago, we handled a case regarding an evil cult. They 
did live sacrifices to please an evil god by making followers 
commit suicide. When one of the followers was chosen, his 
survival instincts triumphed over his foolishness, twisted beliefs, 
and psychedelic drugs. He secretly escaped and reported to the 
police. 


“The case was handed over to us. It was a very small mission, 
since there were no Beyonders in that cult. The deity they 
worshiped was actually randomly thought up by their leader 
merely for the sake of money and satisfaction. Humanity was 
lost there. 


“We only used two members, coupled with the support from the 
police, to suppress this cult. No one was off the hook. For that 
whistleblower, we also confirmed that he had no lingering 
demonic scent left on him. He was not cursed and did not suffer 
any mental disorders. He didn’t have any personality problems 
or any other irregularities, nothing. 


“Later, he got a decent advancement in his career, got married to 
a very good wife, had a son and a daughter. His dark past 
seemed far away from him. The horror and bloodshed seemed to 
have completely vanished.” 


At this point, Dunn Smith gave out a laugh and said, “Yet in 
March this year, despite being in good financial health and 
having a loving wife and adorable kids... he strangled himself to 
death in his own office.” 


The crimson moonlight outside the carriage window shone upon 
Dunn Smith. 


At that instance, his seemingly self-derisive smile made Klein 
feel unspeakably horrified. 


“Strangled himself to death...” Klein drew in a gasp of cool air 
silently, as if seeing his own tragic end. 


Even if I escaped it once, it might just be temporary? 


Is there any way to resolve this completely? 


Become a Beyonder to fight it? 


The carriage returned to silence. Countless thoughts welled in 
Klein’s mind. 


Under an awkward silence, the carriage traveled for a long time 
at high speeds. 


Just as Klein made up his mind to consult Dunn Smith for any 
solutions, the carriage came to a halt. 


“Mr. Smith, we have reached Welch’s apartment.” The carriage 
driver’s voice was heard. 


“Let’s get down.” Dunn straightened out his black trench coat 
that reached his knees. 


“Oh, let me introduce beforehand, the official disguise of the 
‘expert’ is the most renowned spirit medium of Awwa County.” 


Klein suppressed his other thoughts and asked curiously, “Then 
what is her actual identity?” 


Dunn half-turned his body and turned his head back, with his 
abstruse gray eyes he said, “A true Spirit Medium.” 


Chapter 14: The Medium 


A true medium... Klein repeated this description inwardly, and 
did not speak again. He followed Dunn Smith down the carriage. 


Welch’s place in Tingen was a detached house with a garden. 
The road outside the hollowed metal gates allowed four carriages 
to pass through at once. Street lamps lined the sides of the road 
every fifty meters. They looked different from the ones Klein had 
seen in his previous life. They were gas lamps and the height of 
every lamp was about that of an adult male so that it was 
convenient to light the lamps. 


The black metal was closely appressed to the glass, forming a 
checkered pattern, casting out classical paper lantern-like 
‘artworks. Coldness and warmth were intertwined while 
darkness and light coexisted. 


Walking along the pathway blanketed by rays from the sunset, 
Klein and Dunn Smith entered Welch’s rented place through the 
ajar metal gate. 


Facing the main entrance was a cemented road that led straight 
to a two-floored bungalow. Two carriages could go at once. 


There was a garden on the left and a lawn to the right. The 
pleasantly faint fragrance from the flowers mixed with the cool 
scent of the fresh grass made one feel happy and relaxed. 


As soon as he stepped in, Klein shivered and peered around. 


He felt that in the garden, somewhere in the lawn, on the roof, 


behind the swing, somewhere in a dark corner, pairs of eyes 
were observing him! 


There was clearly no one here; yet, Klein felt as if he was on a 
crowded street. 


This strange contrast—this peculiar feeling—tensed him up. A 
chill ran up his spine. 


“Something’s wrong!” he couldn’t help but exclaim to Dunn. 


Dunn’s expression remained unchanged as he walked beside 
him and replied calmly, “Just ignore them.” 


Since the “Nighthawk” had said so, Klein tolerated the chilling 
feeling of not being able to notice the perpetrator despite being 
followed, spied, and observed. Step by step, he arrived at the 
main entrance of the bungalow. 


If this goes on any longer, I will go crazy... As Dunn reached out 
his hand to knock on the door, Klein quickly turned around. 
Flowers swayed in the wind, without a person in sight. 


“Come in, gentlemen.” A seemingly ethereal voice came from 
inside the house. 


Dunn turned the doorknob, pushed the door open and said to a 
woman on the sofa, “Daly, any results?” 


The chandelier in the living room was unlit. A set of two leather 
couches surrounded a marble coffee table. 


On the table was a lit candle, but the light emitted a cobalt blue 
glow. It covered the half-enclosed living room, dining room, and 
kitchen in a strange, eerie hue. 


On the middle of the sofa sat a lady in a hooded black robe who 
wore blue eyeshadow and blush. An exposed silver bracelet with 
a hanging white crystal pendant was worn around her wrist. 


At the first sight of her, Klein had an inexplicable feeling. She 
was dressed just like a real medium... 


Was she stereotyping herself? 


Daly, the “medium” with uncanny beauty, took a quick glance at 
Klein with her twinkling emerald eyes. She looked at Dunn 
Smith and said, “The original spirits have all disappeared, 
including that of Welch’s and Naya’s. Right now, all these little 
rascals know nothing at all.” 


Spirits? Spirit Medium... All the invisible things that were spying 
on him previously were spirits? There were so many of them? 
Klein removed his hat and placed it across his chest, bowing 
slightly as he said, “Good evening, Madam.” 


Dunn Smith sighed. “That’s tricky...” 


“Daly, this is Klein Moretti. See if you can get anything out of 
him.” 


The medium, Daly, shifted her gaze onto Klein immediately. She 
pointed at a single armchair and said, “Please, take a seat.” 


“Thank you.” Klein nodded, took a few steps over, and sat down 
obediently. His heart raced uncontrollably. 


Whether I survive, whether I get through this successfully or have 
my secrets exposed will all depend on whatever happens next! 


And the thing that made him feel the most helpless was that he 
had nothing to rely on. He could only place his hopes on his 
inherent specialness... 


This feeling really sucks... Klein thought bitterly. 


Next, Dunn sat on the two-seater sofa opposite of Klein. Daly 
took out two thumb-sized glass bottles from her waist pouch. 


Her emerald eyes smiled at Klein as she said, “I need a bit of help 
here. After all, you are not an enemy, I can’t treat you harshly. 
That might make you uncomfortable or put you in pain. It might 
even leave some serious after-effects on you. I will give you some 
fragrances, making you feel tender and smooth, which will 
allow you to let loose bit by bit so that you can truly indulge in 
those feelings.” 


That sounded wrong... Klein gaped as his eyes were filled with 
shock. 


Seated across him, Dunn laughed and said, “Don’t be weirded 
out. We are different from the fellows from the Church of 
Storms. Here, the ladies can also verbally tease men. In this 
regard, you should be able to understand. Your mother was a 
devout believer of the Goddess. You and your brother used to 
attend Sunday school at Church.” 


“I understand. It’s just that I never thought that she would be 
such a... such a...” Klein gestured, as he could not find the right 
words. He almost blurted out the direct translation for “veteran 
driver [1|”. 


Dunn curved the corners of his mouth up and said, “Don’t worry. 
Actually, Daly seldom does this. She just wants to use these 
methods to calm you down. She prefers corpses over men.” 


“you make me sound perverted,” Daly interjected with a smile. 


She opened one of the little bottles and dripped a few drops onto 
the bright blue candle flame. 


“Night vanilla, slumber flower, and chamomile, all distilled and 
extracted to form this aromatic floral essence. I call it ‘Amantha;’ 
it means tranquility in the Hermes language. It smells really 
amazing.” 


As they chatted, the candle flame flickered, evaporating the 
floral essence and filling the room with its aroma. 


A beautifully enchanting aroma found its way into Klein’s 
nostrils. He no longer felt tensed up. He was instantly calm as if 
he was gazing into the darkness of the silent night. 


“This bottle is called the Eye of the Spirit. Barks and leaves of 
drago and poplar trees are sun-dried for seven days and decocted 
thrice. Then, they are immersed in Lanti Wine. Of course, there 
would be several incantations while we're at it...” As Daly 
described the liquid, the amber substance dripped onto the cobalt 
blue candle flame. 


Upon smelling the ethereal scent of the aromatic wine, Klein 
noticed that the candle flame was dancing wildly. The luster of 
Daly’s blue eyeshadow and blush shone oddly, to the extent of 
him seeing double. 


“It is a great helping hand for mediumship. It is also a floral 
essence that is sufficiently enchanting...” 


As Daly explained continuously, Klein felt as if her voice was 
coming from all around. 


Bewildered, Klein looked around and realized that everything 
was swaying and in a blur. He felt like he was shrouded by 
layers and layers of fog. Even his body was swaying as it phased 
away before he began floating and then losing his balance. 


Colors blended like an impressionist painting—the reds were 
redder, the blues were bluer, and the blacks were blacker— 
appearing more defined than usual. It was dreamy and hazy. 
Distinct murmurs from the surroundings came through as if 
hundreds and thousands of people who could not be seen were 
debating. 


“This feels similar to the luck enhancement ritual I did before, 
but without the kind of madness that makes your head feel like 
exploding...” Klein looked around and thought questioningly. 


At this moment, his vision was locked onto a pair of eyes that 
were crystal clear like emerald. On a blurry “sofa” sat Daly in a 
black robe. Eccentrically, her gaze concentrated on the tip of 
Klein’s head. She smiled and in a gentle voice, said, “Let me 
properly introduce myself. 1 am the Spirit Medium, Daly.” 


I can still... have rational thoughts... It’s like when I was at that 
luck enhancement ritual and that gathering... The thought 


crossed Klein’s mind as he intentionally behaved muddled and 
said, “Hello there...” 


“The mental worlds of humans are extremely vast. Many secrets 
are hidden within the mind. Look at the ocean—what we know 
about it is all on the superficial level. But in reality, deep in the 
ocean, there is a larger unseen portion. Other than islands, there 
is the entire ocean. There is the boundless sky that symbolizes 
the spiritual world... 


“you are the spirit of your body. Not only do you know of the 
islands above, but you also know of the things hidden beneath 
the sea, as well as the entire ocean... 


“Anything that exists leaves some traces behind. The superficial 
memories of the islands may be wiped out, but what is left 
under the sea and the entire ocean will definitely have a 
corresponding projection left in it...” 


Daly went on and on, bewitching Klein. The vague surrounding 
winds and shadows took on similar forms. It was as though 
Klein’s spirit was fully exposed in the form of an ocean, waiting 
for him to search and discover. 


Klein watched patiently, as he ‘churned’ the ocean occasionally. 
Then, in an airy voice, he replied, “No... I can’t remember... I have 
forgotten...” 


He expressed his agony at just the right level. 


Daly tried to guide him once again, but the clear-headed Klein 
was unaffected. 


“Okay. We shall end here. You may leave.” 


“Leave.” 


“Leave...” 


The airy voice lingered and Daly disappeared. The wind and 
shadows began calming as the ethereal smell and subtle scent of 
the aromatic wine became more distinct again. 


The colors returned to their normal state and the fuzzy feeling 
was no longer around. Klein’s body quivered, and he found his 
balance again. 


He opened his eyes, which he had no memory of closing, and 
noticed that the candle with the bright blue flame was still 
before him. Dunn Smith was still resting comfortably on the 
couch. Same for Daly with the black-hooded robe. 


“Why did you use the theory that belongs to that bunch of evil 
madmen, the Psychology Alchemists?” Dunn furrowed his 
eyebrows and stared at Daly. 


As Daly put away the two little bottles, she replied calmly, “I 
think it’s pretty accurate. At least, it corresponds with some of 
the things I've made contact with before...” 


Without waiting for Dunn’s reply, Daly shrugged and said, “This 
tricky fellow did not leave a single trace behind.” 


Upon hearing this, Klein heaved a huge sigh of relief. 
Pretentiously, he asked, “Oh, it’s over? What happened? It felt 


like I just took a nap...” 


That was a pass, right? 


Thankfully, I had the ‘luck enhancement ritual’ as a rehearsal! 


“Just take it as such.” Dunn interrupted him and looked at Daly. 
“Have you examined Welch’s and Naya’s bodies?” 


“The corpses can tell us a lot more than you can imagine. It’s 
such a pity that Welch and Naya had indeed committed suicide. 
So, the force that drove them to it is to be feared. Not a single 
trace was left behind.” Daly stood up and pointed at the candle. “I 
need some rest.” 


The cobalt blue glow vanished, and the house was instantly 
inundated with a blurry shade of crimson. 


“Congratulations. You can return home now. But do remember, 
do not reveal this incident to your loved ones. You have to 
promise this.” Dunn said as he led Klein to the door. 


Surprised, Klein asked, “Is there no need to examine the curses 
or the trails left behind by the evil spirits?” 


“Daly didn’t mention anything about it, so there’s no need for it,” 
Dunn answered simply. 


Klein calmed down. As the thought of his previous worries came 


to mind, he asked hurriedly, “How can I be sure that I will be free 
from trouble from now on?” 


“No worries.” Dunn twitched his lips and said, “Based on 
statistics of similar incidents in the past, eighty percent of the 
survivors of the incident do not experience any horrifying after- 
effects. Yeah... This is based on what I know... roughly... more or 
less...” 


“Then... there’s still one fifth of those poor souls...” Klein did not 
dare to try his luck. 


“Then you can consider joining us as a civilian staff. This way, 
even if there are any precursors, we can discover it in time,” 
Dunn said casually as he approached the carriage. “Or simply 
become a Beyonder. After all, we are not nannies. We can’t 
babysit you all day long and even watch what you do with 
women.” 


“Can I?” Klein questioned the statement. 


Of course, he did not expect much. After all, how was it even 
possible to be a part of the Nighthawks so easily and obtain the 
power of the Beyonders? 


That was the power of the Beyonders! 


Dunn paused, and turned his head sideways to look at him. 


“It’s not that you can’t... It depends...” 


What? The transition in his words shocked Klein. Klein stared 


blankly beside the carriage before answering, “Really?” 


Who are you kidding? Is it so easy to become a Beyonder? 


Dunn laughed lightly; his gray eyes were hidden in the shadow 
of the carriage. 


“you don’t believe me, huh? Actually, when you become a 
Nighthawk you lose a lot. For instance, freedom. 


“Even if we don’t talk about this now, there is another issue. 
Firstly, you are not a member of the clergy, nor a devotee. You 
can’t pick whatever you want or choose the safest approach.” 


“And secondly...” Dunn held onto the handle and hopped onto the 
carriage as he went on. “Among the cases that we—us, the 
Mandated Punishers, the Machinery Hivemind and other 
Judiciaries—have to deal with annually, a quarter of them were 
a result of Beyonders who lost control.” 


A quarter... Beyonders who lost control... Klein was 
dumbfounded. 


Just then, Dunn turned slightly. His gray eyes were deep. With 
no sign of a smile, he continued, “And among the quarter of 
cases, a large number of them are our teammates.” 


1. Veteran driver is an Internet slang phrase describing 
people who are very experienced in_ particular 
domains, especially sexually-related things such as 
posting pornographic resources. 


Chapter 15: The Invitation 


A wave of tumultuous emotions rose up in Klein’s heart after he 
heard Dunn. Instinctively, he uttered, “Why?” 


The Beyonders have serious hidden dangers? So much so that the 
Church’s internal Judiciary and the Beyonders, who dealt with 
bizarre phenomenon, are also prone to problems? 


Dunn stepped into the carriage and sat back in his seat. His 
expression and tone remained the same. 


“This is not something that you need to understand. Neither is it 
something you can understand, unless you become one of us.” 


Klein was struck dumb for a moment, after which he sat down 
and questioned in a tone that was half dubious and half-joking. 


“If I don’t come to understand, how is it possible for me to make 
a decision to join?” 


And not joining would mean Klein could not understand. This 
would end in a deadlock... 


Dunn Smith took out the pipe once again, placed it against his 
nose, and took a whiff. 


“you probably misunderstood; a civilian staff member is also one 
of us.” 


“In other words, as long as I become one of your civilian staff 
members, I will be able to understand the relevant secrets, figure 
out the hidden dangers that plague Beyonders, and the dangers 
that may be encountered, as well as consider whether I want to 
become a Beyonder later?” Klein reorganized his thoughts and 
paraphrased what Dunn had shared. 


Dunn smiled and said, “Yes, that is the case, except for one point. 
You cannot simply become a Beyonder just because you want to 
because every church will be equally strict in this aspect.” 


It would be odd if the churches were not strict... Klein lampooned 
silently, as he added with a more intense tone coupled with 
stronger body language, “What about civilian staff members? 
This should be quite strict as well, right?” 


“There shouldn’t be any problems if it’s you,” said Dunn with 
half-closed eyelids as he whiffed the pipe with partially relaxed 
countenance. However, he did not ignite it. 


“Why?” Klein asked as he was once again grappled by doubt. 


At the same time, he jested inwardly. 


So my uniqueness and halo as a transmigrator are akin to the 
fireflies in the night, ever so bright and outstanding? 


Dunn opened his half-closed eyelids, his silver-colored eyes 
reflecting the same tranquility as before. 


“First, you managed to survive without our help in such a 
situation. Certain exceptional qualities are not present in others. 
For instance, luck. Lucky people are often welcomed.” 


Seeing that Klein’s expression had turned blank, Dunn smiled 
slightly. 


“All right, just treat this as a humorous statement. Second, you're 
a graduate of the history department from Khoy University; this 
is something we urgently need. Although a believer of the Lord of 
the Storms, Leumi, perceives women in a way that is loathsome, 
his views regarding society, humanities, economics, and politics 
remain incisive. He said before that talents are key to 
maintaining a competitive advantage and positive development, 
a point that I very much agree with.” 


Noticing that Klein was slightly furrowing his eyebrows, Dunn 
casually explained, “You should be able to imagine that we often 
encounter documents and objects from the Fourth Epoch or 
earlier. Many cults and heretics have tried to gain power from 
these things. Sometimes, they themselves can lead to strange 
and terrible things. 


“Except for the Beyonders in special fields, most of us are not 
good with our studies, or have passed that age.” Having said that, 
Dunn Smith pointed to his own head, and the corner of his 
mouth turned up slightly as if he was mocking himself. 


He then said, “Those dry, boring knowledge always puts us to 
sleep. Even the Sleepless can’t help it. In the past, we would 
cooperate with historians or archaeologists, but this posed the 
risk of exposing secrets, and mishaps might befall on these 
otherwise uninvolved professors and associate professors. Thus, 
the addition of a professional in our ranks is hard to refuse.” 


Klein nodded lightly and accepted Dunn’s explanation. With his 
thoughts all over the place, he asked, “Then why don’t you 
directly, um, groom one?” 


Dunn continued, “This brings me to the third point, which is also 


the final and most important point. You’ve already been through 
a similar ordeal, so inviting you doesn’t violate the 
confidentiality clause. 


“With regard to developing others, I will bear the responsibility 
of exposure if it fails. Most of our team members, our civilian 
staff members, come from within the Church.” 


After Klein finished listening silently, he asked curiously, “Why 
are you so strict about maintaining confidentiality? Wouldn’t 
spreading the news publicly to more people and increasing 
awareness lessen the chances of a similar mistake from 
happening again? The greatest fear stems from the fear of the 
unknown; we can make the unknown become known.” 


“No, humanity’s stupidity is beyond your imagination. It actually 
leads to more people emulating these acts, creating more chaos 
and more severe incidents,” Dunn Smith shook his head and 
replied. 


Klein acknowledged as he replied in enlightenment, “The only 
lesson that humans can learn from history is that humans do 
not gain any lessons from history, and theyre always repeating 
the same tragedies.” 


“That famous quote from Emperor Roselle is indeed filled with 
much philosophical meaning,” agreed Dunn. 


...Emperor Roselle said that? This transmigrator senior really did 
not give the ‘latecomers’ any chance to posture... Klein did not 
know how to follow up on Dunn’s words. 


Dunn turned his head and gazed out of the horse carriage. The 
dim yellowish light of the street lamps intertwined to display 
the splendor of civilization. 


“There is a similar discourse within the judiciary of the major 
churches. This may be the main reason for the strict 
confidentiality and the prohibition of ordinary people from 
knowing.” 


“What is it?” Klein asked as his interest was piqued, pleasured 
that he seemed to be spying on secrets. 


Dunn turned his head; his facial muscles pulled themselves so 
slightly that it was hardly visible. 


“Faith and fear bring troubles. More faith and more fear bring 
more troubles, until everything is destroyed.” 


After he said that, Dunn signed, “Besides praying for the 
blessings and help from gods, humans can’t solve their real 
major problems. 


“Faith and fear bring troubles. More faith and more fear bring 
more troubles...” Klein recited silently, but he could not fully 
understand it. 


What followed next was the fear of uncertainty that came from 
the unknown. It was like the dark shadows formed by the street 
lights outside. In the darkness without light, it appeared as 
though there were pairs of callous-looking eyes and wide-opened 
mouths. 


As the horse galloped vigorously and nimbly while the wheels of 
the horse carriage reeled on ahead with Iron Cross Street in 
sight, Dunn broke the silence suddenly and formally invited 
Klein. 


“Would you like to join us as a civilian staff member?” 


In Klein’s mind, multiple thoughts surfaced, making him 
indecisive. He contemplated and asked, “Can I have some time to 
consider?” 


Since this matter had serious implications, he could not hastily 
and recklessly make the decision. 


“No problem, just give me a reply before Sunday,” Dunn nodded 
and added. “Of course, remember to keep this a secret and don’t 
disclose the information regarding Welch to anyone, including 
your brother and sister. Once this is violated, it'll not only bring 
them trouble, but you might also have to attend a special court.” 


“Okay,” Klein answered gravely. 


The carriage was once again plunged into silence. 


Seeing that they were nearing Iron Cross Street and that he was 
almost reaching home, Klein suddenly thought of a question. He 
hesitated for a few seconds before asking, “Mr Smith, what kind 
of salary and benefits do civilian staff get?” 


This was a serious question... 


Taken aback momentarily, Dunn smiled instantly and 
answered, “There’s no need for you to worry about this issue. Our 
funds are guaranteed by the Church and the police department. 
For newly registered civilian staff, the weekly salaries are placed 
at two pounds and ten soli. There is an additional ten soli as 
compensation for the risk and confidentiality. All of this will add 
up to a total of three pounds. This is hardly worse than a 


confirmed university lecturer. 


“After which, your salary will gradually rise according to your 
experience and contributions. 


“As for civilian staff members, the contract is generally five 
years. After five years, you can quit normally if you're no longer 
willing to stay. You only have to sign a lifetime confidentiality 
agreement and you're not allowed to leave Tingen until 
permission is given. If you want to move to another city, the first 
thing you must do is register with the local Nighthawk. 


“By the way, there are no weekends and you can only work in 
shifts. At any point in time, there should be three civilian staffs 
on duty and if you wish to go to the South or Desi Bay for a 
vacation, you'll need to arrange it with your colleagues.” 


Just as Dunn finished speaking, the horse carriage pulled to a 
stop and the apartment building where Klein and his siblings 
resided in appeared on the side. 


“I get it now,” Klein turned around and walked down the horse 
carriage. He stopped at the side and asked, “By the way Mr. 
Smith, where do I find you after I've come to my decision?” 


Dunn gave a deep and low throaty laugh before saying, “Go to the 
‘Hound Pub’ at Besik Street and find their boss, Wright. Tell him 
that you want to hire a small mercenary squad for a mission.” 


“Huh?” Klein asked confusedly. 


“Our location is confidential too. Before you agree to become one 
of us, I can’t tell you directly. Alright Mr. Klein Moretti, I wish 


you a good dream tonight as well,” Dunn smiled as he said. 


Klein took off his hat and saluted, watching as the pace of the 
departing horse carriage gradually sped up. 


He took out his pocket watch. 


“Click,” he pressed it open and saw that it was only a little past 
four in the morning. The street was filled with a relaxing, cool 
breeze. A dim yellowish light from the street lamps illuminated 
the surroundings. 


Klein drew a deep breath and took in the deep silence of the 
night around him. 


The busiest and noisiest district in the day could be so lifeless 
and quiet at night. This was in stark contrast to the silent 
observations and medium’s seance in Welch’s residence. 


It was only then that Klein realized that the back of his linen 
shirt was unknowingly drenched in sweat, cold and clammy. 


Chapter 16: Rat-Baiting With Doys 


Phew, I finally got through the round with the medium... 


Klein let out a foul breath. He slowly turned around and enjoyed 
the cool breeze and tranquility of the night while walking closer 
and closer to the apartment building’s door. 


He took out his keys, inserted the correct one in and turned it 
gently, allowing the crimson-mixed darkness to expand with the 
creaking sound of the opened door. 


Walking on the staircase without a single person in sight and 
taking in the cold air, Klein had an inexplicable and amazing 
feeling. It felt like he had a few more hours than others. This 
caused him to hasten his pace. 


In a similar state of mind, he opened the door to his room and 
before he even stepped inside, he saw a silhouette sitting silently 
in front of his desk. It had reddish black hair, bright brown eyes, 
and a delicate, pretty face. Undoubtedly, she was Melissa 
Moretti! 


“Klein, where did you go?” Melissa asked curiously as she relaxed 
her eyebrows. 


Without waiting for Klein’s reply, she added, “Just now, I got up 
to go to the bathroom and realized you weren’t home.” It was as 
if she wanted to know everything clearly, from the causes and 
effects of the matter to the underlying logic. 


With great experience at lying to his parents, Klein’s brain took a 


spin before he gave a bitter smile and calmly replied, “I couldn’t 
fall asleep again after I woke up. Instead of wasting time, I 
decided that I should train my body. So I went out to run a few 
rounds. Look at my sweat!” 


He took off his jacket and half-turned his body, pointing to his 
back. 


Melissa stood up, took a glance half-heartedly and deliberated 
for a few moments before saying, “Honestly speaking, Klein, you 
don’t have to stress yourself out. 'm sure you can pass the 
interview to Tingen University. Even if you can’t, er—I mean if— 
you can still find better ones.” 


I haven’t even thought about the interview... Klein nodded his 
head and said, “I understand.” 


He did not mention the “offer” that he had gotten because he had 
not decided whether he wanted to join them or not. 


Staring at Klein intensely, Melissa suddenly turned around and 
trotted into the interior of the house. She took out an object that 
resembled a tortoise. It consisted of items like gears, rusted iron, 
torsion springs and ordinary springs. 


After quickly tightening the torsion spring, Melissa placed the 
object on the desk. 


Ka! Ka! Ka! 


Dum! Dum! Dum! 


The “tortoise” moved and jumped with a rhythm that could pull 
anyone’s attention. 


“Whenever I feel irritated, I feel much better seeing it move. I’ve 
been doing this very often recently and it’s very effective! Klein, 
give it a try!” invited Melissa as her eyes brightened. 


Klein did not turn down his sister’s goodwill. He approached the 
“tortoise” and waited for it to stop before laughing. He said, 
“Simplicity and regularity can indeed help relaxation.” 


Without waiting for Melissa’s reply, Klein pointed to the 
“tortoise” and casually asked, “Did you make this yourself? When 
did you make this? Why wasn't I aware of it?” 


“I made use of unwanted materials from school and picked up 
things from the streets to make this. It was only finished two 
days ago,” Melissa said in her usual tone, the side of her lips 
upturned a few more degrees. 


“That’s impressive,” Klein praised sincerely. 


As a boy with poor skills in machine assembly, he encountered 
great difficulties even assembling a four-wheel toy car as a child. 


With her chin slightly raised and her eyes slightly bent, Melissa 
calmly replied, “It was okay.” 


“Being overly humble is a bad trait,” Klein smiled slightly and 
continued, “This is a tortoise, right?” 


Instantly, the atmosphere in the room took a great plunge, 


leaving behind an air of graveness for a while. Then, Melissa 
faintly replied with a voice that seemed enigmatic like the 
crimson veil, “It’s a puppet.” 


Puppet... 


Klein gave an awkward smile, and tried to forcefully explain, 
“The problem lies in the materials, they're too rudimentary.” 


Following that, he tried to change the topic and said, “Why 
would you go to the bathroom in the middle of the night? Isn’t 
there a toilet here? Don’t you always sleep till dawn?” 


Melissa was taken aback momentarily. 


It was only after a few seconds, before she opened her mouth, 
prepared to explain. 


At that moment, an intense sound of digestion sounded from her 
thoracoabdominal [1| area. 


“I-Pll go get some more sleep!” 


Bang! She grabbed her tortoise-like “puppet”, trotted to the 
interior of the house, and closed the door to her room. 


Last night’s dinner was too good, she ate too much and now her 
stomach is having trouble digesting it... Klein shook his head as 
he smiled, slowly walking towards his desk. He sat down 
soundlessly, silently pondering Dunn Smith’s invitation as the 
crimson red moon emerged from behind the dark clouds. 


Being a Nighthawk civilian staff member had its apparent 
disadvantages. 


With me being a transmigrator, “The Fool’—initiator of the 
mysterious Gathering—and the multiple secrets I have, it will be 
risky to be under the noses of the Church of Evernight’s team that 
specializes in dealing with matters regarding the Beyonders. 


As long as I join Dunn Smith and his team, I would certainly aim 
to become a Beyonder. I could then cover up the benefits gained 
from the Gathering. 


Yet, becoming a formal member would entail many restrictions on 
my freedom, like how a civilian staff has to report his leaving of 
Tingen. No longer would I be able to go wherever I want or do 
whatever I want. I would miss many opportunities. 


The Nighthawks are a strict organization. Once a mission is given, 
I can only wait for the arrangements and accept orders. There is 
no room for rejection. 


Beyonders have the risk of losing control. 


Having all the disadvantages listed out one by one, Klein turned 
to considering the necessities and advantages: 


Judging from the situation of the luck enhancement ritual, I’m 
not one of the eighty percent of lucky people. In the future, there is 
bound to be some bizarre event happening to me, increasing the 
dangers I face. 


Only by becoming one of the Beyonders or by joining the 
Nighthawks can I be equipped with the ability to resist. 


The wish to become a Beyonder cannot be solely reliant on the 
Gathering. The potion formula is not a major problem, but where 
can I find the corresponding materials? How am I to obtain and 
concoct them? 


Not forgetting the nous of daily practice, I’m faced with serious 
obstacles! It is just not possible for me to consult Justice and The 
Hanged Man on every matter and exchange every object with 
them. This would not only hurt the image of The Fool and arouse 
their suspicions, but there will also be inadequate time to 
communicate on such trivial issues. 


Similarly, I am unable to produce anything that can pique their 
interest. 


Besides, more materials would more often than not leave behind 
the trail of my real identity. Then, “online disputes” would 
effectively be transformed into “offline conflicts,” bringing about 
immense troubles. 


By joining the Nighthawks, there would definitely be contact with 
the common knowledge of the world of mystery and relevant 
channels. This can sufficiently accumulate into a corresponding 
social circle and can be used as leverage. Only then can I initiate 
the Gathering and in turn gain the greatest benefits from Justice 
and The Hanged Man. In fact, the gains can feedback into reality, 
allowing me to obtain more resources and form a virtuous cycle. 


Of course, I could also go to an organization that is suppressed by 
the various Churches such as the Psychology Alchemists 
mentioned by Dunn and join them. 


Yet I’ll also lose my freedom, and be ina constant state of fear and 
anxiety. However, more importantly, I have no idea where to look 
for them. Even if I manage to gain the corresponding information 
from The Hanged Man, such rash contact with them could 
endanger my life. 


Becoming a civilian staff leaves opportunity for a buffer and exit. 


The inferior recluse hides away in the wild; the superior, the 
crowd. Perhaps the identity as a Nighthawk can be a better cover. 


In the future, when I become one of the top authorities of the 
tribunal, who would imagine that I am a heretic, the head of the 
secret organization who is working behind the scenes? 


As the first rays of the morning sun shone, the crimson 
disappeared. Gazing at the golden light on the horizons of the 
sky, Klein made up his mind. 


He would find Dunn Smith today and become part of the 
Nighthawk’s civilian staff! 


At this moment, Melissa, who had gotten out of bed again, had 
pushed open the door to the room. She was surprised to see her 
brother stretching in an unglamorous manner. “You didn’t 
sleep?” 


“I was thinking through some things.” Klein smiled, feeling 
relaxed. 


Melissa thought for a moment and said, “Whenever I encounter 
problems, Ill list out both the pros and cons one by one and 
compare them. After that, I would be able to get a hint of what I 
should do next.” 


“That’s a good habit. I did that too,” Klein smiled and replied. 


Melissa’s countenance was relaxed, and she did not add more. 
Holding a yellowish sheet of paper and her toiletries, she headed 
to the bathroom. 


Not in a hurry to leave after he finished his breakfast and his 
sister’s departure, Klein took a good nap. Based on what he 
knew, nearly all the pubs were closed in the morning. 


At two o'clock in the afternoon, he smoothed the pleats of his 
silk hat and handkerchief using a small brush. He also removed 
the dirt to reestablish the tidiness. 


Thereafter, he wore a suit of formal clothing, just like he was 
going for an interview. 


Besik Street was a little far, and Klein was afraid that he would 
miss the “working hours” of the Nighthawk. Therefore, he did 
not walk there, but instead waited for a public horse carriage at 
Iron Cross Street. 


In the Loen Kingdom, public horse carriages were placed under 
two categories—without track and with track. 


The former consisted of a carriage drawn by two horses and 
could sit approximately 20 people while taking into account the 
top of the carriage. Only a general route existed, without specific 


stations. It had flexible operations and could be hailed anywhere 
unless it was full. 


The latter was operated by the Orbital Carriage Company. First, a 
rail-like service device was laid on the main street. The horses 
would move on the inner lane while the wheels ran on the 
tracks, making it easier and more labor-saving. This could thus 
pull a bigger double-decker carriage that sat nearly fifty 
passengers. 


However, the only problem was that the route and stations were 
fixed, making many places inaccessible. 


After ten minutes, the sound of the wheels hitting the tracks 
approached from a distance. A double-decker horse carriage 
stopped in front of the station at Iron Cross Street. 


“To Besik Street,” Klein said to the carriage driver. 


“you have to transfer at Champagne Street but when you get 
there, it takes about ten minutes to walk to Besik Street,” 
explained the carriage driver to Klein, with regards to the route. 


“Let’s go to Champagne Street then.” Klein nodded in approval. 


“It's more than four kilometers, four pence”, said a young man 
with a fair and clean face, as he extended his hand. 


He was a worker responsible for money collection. 


“Okay.” Klein fished out four copper coins from his pocket and 
handed it to the other party. 


He walked up to the carriage and found that there were not 
many passengers. Even on the first floor, there were a few empty 
seats. 


“I only have three pence on me now, so I can only walk when I 
go back...” Klein pressed his hat down and sat down firmly. 


On this floor, the men and women were mostly well-dressed 
although there were a few clothed in their work clothes, 
leisurely reading newspapers. Almost no one spoke, and it was 
rather quiet. 


Klein shut his eyes and recharged his strength, oblivious to the 
coming and going of passengers around him. 


Station after station passed until he finally heard the few words 
“Champagne Street.” 


After alighting the horse carriage, he inquired along the way and 
soon reached Besik Street, where he saw the pub with the 
brownish-yellow hound logo. 


Klein reached out his right hand and gave a forceful push. The 
heavy door gradually opened, inundating him with a wave of 
uproarious noises and an impetuous heat wave. 


Although it was still afternoon, there were already many 
customers in the pub. Some were temporary workers, looking for 
opportunities here, waiting to be hired. Others were simply 
idling around, numbing themselves with alcohol. 


The pub was dimly lit. In the center, there were two large iron 
cages with a third of its bottom sinking deep into the ground 


without any gaps. 


People held wooden wine cups and surrounded it, sometimes 
discussing loudly while laughing, sometimes cursing loudly. 


Giving a curious glance, Klein found two dogs caged inside. One 
was black and white, similar to the husky found on Earth. The 
other was wholly black, with shiny fur, making it look healthy 
and fierce. 


“Do you want to bet? Doug has won eight games in a row!” said a 
little man wearing a brown beret, as he neared Klein and 
pointed to the black dog. 


Bet? Taken aback at first, Klein regained his senses immediately. 


“Dog-fighting?” 


When he was at Khoy University, those aristocratic and wealthy 
students would always ask him contemptuously and curiously, 
if the boorish workers and unemployed hooligans enjoyed 
participating in boxing and gambling at the pubs. 


Besides being able to gamble on boxing and card games, didn’t it 
also include cruel and bloody activities like cock-fighting, dog- 
fighting, and others? 


The short man smirked. “Mister, we’re civilized people. We don’t 
engage in such unglamorous activities.” 


Having said that, he whispered, “Besides, laws were introduced 
to ban these things last year...” 


“Then what are yall betting on?” asked Klein curiously. 


“The better hunter.” Just as the short man finished his sentence, 
a resounding cacophony sounded. 


He turned his head, waved his hands excitedly, and said, “You 
can’t place a bet for this round as it has started, wait for the next 
one then.” 


Upon hearing that, Klein tipped his toes, lifted his head, and 
looked as far as he could. 


He saw two strong men each dragging a sack, coming to the side 
of the iron cage and opening the “prison door.” They then 
dumped the contents of the sack into the cage. 


There were gray and disgusting animals! 


Klein tried to identify them carefully before realizing that they 
were rats. Hundreds of rats! 


As the iron cage was deep underground without any gaps, the 
rats moved in all directions but could not find a way out. 


Right then, just as the door of the cage was closed, the chain of 
the two dogs were untied. 


“Woof!” The black dog pounced ahead and killed a rat in one bite. 


The black-and-white dog was dazed at first before it started 
playing excitedly with the rats. 


The surrounding people either raised their wine cups and 
intensified their gaze or shouted loudly, “Bite it! Kill it!” 


“Doug, Doug!” 


Motherf**king rat-baiting with dogs [2]... Klein regained his 
senses and the corner of his mouth twitched unceasingly. 


The objective of the gamble is to determine which dog can catch 
more rats... 


Perhaps, one can even bet on the specific number of rats caught... 


No wonder there were people purchasing live rats at Iron Cross 
Street... 


That’s really unique... 


Klein shook his head, laughing as he backtracked, and circled 
along the edge of the alcoholic customers, and reached the front 
of the bar. 


“New here?” said the bartender as he spared Klein a glance while 
wiping the cups. He continued, “One cup of rye beer is a penny. 
Enmat beer, costs two pence. Four pence for Southville beer, or 
do you want a cup of purely brewed malt Lanti?” 


“I came here for Mr. Wright,” said Klein directly and bluntly. 


The bartender whistled and shouted to the side, “Old Man, 
someone is looking for you.” 


“Oh, who...” A vague voice sounded, and an intoxicated old man 
stood up from behind the bar. 


He rubbed his eyes, shifted his gaze to Klein and asked, “Lad, 
were you looking for me?” 


“Mr. Wright, I would like to hire a small mercenary squad for a 
mission,” replied Klein, according to what Dunn had instructed. 


“A small mercenary squad? Are you living in an adventure story? 
This hasn’t been around for a long time!” the bartender 
interrupted and smiled. 


Wright went silent for a few seconds before saying, “Who told 
you about this place?” 


“Dunn. Dunn Smith,” replied Klein in all honesty. 


Instantly, Wright broke out in a chuckle and replied, “I see. 
Actually, the small mercenary squad still exists. It’s just in 
another form, with a more contemporary name. You can find it 
on the second floor of No. 36 Zouteland Street.” 


“Thank you,” thanked Klein sincerely before he turned and 
squeezed out of the pub. 


Before he went out of the pub, the alcoholic customers who 
surrounded him suddenly quieted down, as they murmured, 
“Doug was actually defeated...” 


“Defeated...” 


Klein smiled and shook his head. Then he left quickly and found 
his way to the nearby Zoeterland Street after asking around. 


“30, 32, 34... Here,” he counted the house numbers and walked 
into the stairwell. 


Going around the corner and slowly climbing up the stairs, he 
saw the vertical sign with the current name of the so-called 
small mercenary squad. 


“Blackthorn Security Company.” 


1. Areas relating or affecting the thorax and abdomen. 


2. Note, this is not an invention of the author, but an 
actual legal blood sport known as rat-baiting back in 
the Victorian era. 


Chapter 17: Special Operations Department 
“Blackthorn Security Company.” 


Upon seeing the signboard, Klein felt surprised yet found it 
reasonable. 


Man... what do I say about this... He shook his head and laughed 
before walking up the steps and knocking gently on the half- 
closed door with his right hand. 


Knock! Knock! Knock! 


The sound echoed slowly but rhythmically, but there was no 
response; only a faint sputtering sound could be heard. 


Knock! Knock! Knock! 
Klein repeated, only to be met with the same outcome. 


He switched to pushing the door, making the gap larger as he 
stared inside—a classic sofa which might have been for serving 
guests, a soft fabric armchair, and a burly wood coffee table. 
There was a girl with brown hair behind a table right across 
with her head drooped. 


Even though “Security Company” is just a guise, isn’t this just... 
just too “unprofessional?” How long has this place been out of 
business? Right, you guys don’t need any business... Klein drew 
closer as he complained silently and knocked on the table just 
beside the girl’s ear. 


Knock! Knock! 


The brown-haired girl sat up immediately and swiftly took the 
newspaper in front of her, covering her face. 


Tingen City Honest Paper... Nice name... Klein silently read the 
title of the page facing him. 


“The steam train service ‘Soaring Express’ that directly reaches 
Constant City is starting operations today... Oh come on, when 
will there be one that goes straight to Brindisi Bay. I really don’t 
want to take the ship there again, it’s too awful, really awful... 
Hey, who are you?” The girl with brown hair read pretentiously 
and gave her opinion. As she spoke, she lowered the newspaper 
and revealed her bright forehead and light-brown eyes, looking 
at Klein with a fawning and startled look. 


“Hello, I am Klein Moretti, and I am here at the invitation of 
Dunn Smith,” Klein said as he took down his hat to his chest and 
bowed slightly. 


The brown-haired girl looked to be in her early twenties. She 
wore a light green, Loen-styled dress. She was accentuated by 
the beautiful laces on her sleeves, collar, and chest. 


“The Captain... alright, wait here for a moment. I'll go get him.” 
The girl scurried up and went into the room beside her. 


She didn’t even serve a cup of water or anything... The level of 
service awareness is worrying... Klein smiled faintly as he waited 
at his spot. 


After two to three minutes, the brown-haired girl opened the 


door and came out. She said with a sweet smile, “Mr. Moretti, 
please follow me. The Captain is on watch at the ‘Chanis Gate’ 
and is unable to leave at the moment.” 


“Okay.” Klein quickly followed behind. In his mind, he pondered 
to himself. 


Chanis Gate, what could that be? 


Going through the partition, the first thing he saw was a small 
corridor, with only three offices on each side. 


Some of these offices were locked tight, while some were opened, 
revealing someone on the inside who typed non-stop on a heavy 
mechanical typewriter. 


At a glance, Klein noticed a familiar figure: the young officer that 
had investigated his apartment, the one with the black hair, 
green eyes, and romantic vibe of a poet. 


He was not in official wear; his white collared shirt was not 
tucked in, making for quite an unruly appearance. 


Perhaps he really is a poet... Klein nodded in greeting and was 
greeted with a smile. 


The brown-haired girl pushed opened the left office door at the 
end of the room and pointed inside, chirping, “We still have to go 
down a few levels.” 


This office had no furniture in place, only a grayish-white stone 
staircase that extended downwards. 


The two sides of the stairs were lit up by gas lamps. The stable 
glow dispelled the darkness and gave a sense of harmony. 


The brown-haired girl walked in front, staring at her feet while 
walking carefully. 


“Although I walk here often, I am still constantly afraid of falling 
down, tumbling down like a barrel. You don’t know, Leonard did 
such a folly. On the first day of becoming a ‘Sleepless’—the first 
day where he had not mastered his new powers—he tried to 
rush down the flight of stairs. And-and he became a cartwheel. 
Haha, it was hilarious if you think about it. Oh yes, it was the 
guy that greeted you just now. This was about three years ago. 
Speaking of which, I have been with the Nighthawks for five 
years; I was only seventeen when I joined...” 


The girl watched her steps as she spoke. Suddenly, she smacked 
her forehead and said, “I forgot to introduce myself! ’'m Rozanne. 
My father was a member of the Nighthawks, who sacrificed 
himself in an accident five years ago. I suppose we are 
colleagues from now on— Err, yeah ‘colleague’ is the right 
word... we are not teammates since we are not Beyonders.” 


“I hope to have the honor, but still it depends on what Mr. Smith 
has to say,” Klein said as he sized up the enclosed surroundings. 
He felt that they were going underground—dampness seeped out 
from the stone walls, dispelling the summer heat. 


“Don’t worry, the fact that you came so far means the Captain 
has agreed. I’ve always been a little afraid of him, even though 
he is amiable, a fatherly figure. I don’t know why but I’m still 
afraid.” Rozanne spoke as though there was a piece of sweet in 
her throat. 


Klein answered humorously, “Isn’t being afraid of a father 
normal?” 


“True.” Rozanne said as she held the wall around the bend. 


As they spoke, the two finished walking down the stairs and 
reached a stone-paved floor. 


It was a long aisle; both sides of the walls were mounted with 
gas lamps surrounded by metal gratings. Klein and Rozanne’s 
shadows were elongated under the illumination. 


Klein keenly noticed that there was a “Dark Sacred Emblem” 
every few meters—the symbol of the Evernight Goddess. A deep 
black background dotted with sparkling embellishments, as they 
clustered precisely half the crimson moon. 


These emblems did not seem special, but walking between them 
gave Klein a sense of serenity. Rozanne also stopped talking, 
unlike her previous talkative state. 


Before long, an intersection appeared up front. Rozanne briefly 
introduced, 


“The path to the left will lead to the Saint Selena Cathedral; to 
the right are the armory, storeroom, and archives. And straight 
ahead is the Chanis Gate.” 


Saint Selena Cathedral? Then, Zouteland Street is just behind Red 
Moonlight Street? Klein was a little stunned. 


Saint Selena Cathedral of Red Moonlight Street was the 
headquarters of the Church of Evernight in Tingen, a sacred 
ground where local followers yearned to visit. Along with “Holy 
Numerics Cathedral” of the Church of the God of Steam and 
Machinery in the suburbs, and the “River and Sea Cathedral” of 


the Church of Storms in North Tingen, they sustained the 
religious circles in Tingen City and its affiliated towns and 
villages. 


Aware that his status made it unsuitable for him to ask more, 
Klein only listened silently. 


They passed the intersection and moved straight ahead. In less 
than a minute, a black iron split gate carved with seven sacred 
emblems was seen. 


It stood there, heavy, cold and domineering, like a giant 
guarding in the darkness. 


“Chanis Gate.” Rozanne reminded him and pointed at the room 
beside them, saying, “Captain is inside. Go on in by yourself.” 


“Alright, thank you.” Klein replied politely. 


The room Rozanne was referring to was just in front of “Chanis 
Gate.” The windows were opened, revealing the lit room inside. 
Klein took a deep breath to calm himself. 


Knock! Knock! Knock! 


“Come in.” He heard Dunn Smith’s deep and amiable voice. 


Klein opened the unlatched door gently. There was only a table 
and four chairs inside. Dunn Smith with his high hairline, who 
was wearing the black coat from the previous night plus a gold 
watch chain around his chest, was reading the newspaper 
leisurely. 


“Come and have a seat. Have you decided? Are you certain you 
want to join us?” Dunn smiled and asked as he put down the 
newspaper. 


Klein removed his hat and bowed, then he sat beside the table 
and said, “Yes, I am certain.” 


“Then take a look at this deed, heh heh. People like to call ita 
contract now.” Dunn pulled out the table drawer and took out 
two contract copies. 


There were not many clauses, and most of them had been 
mentioned by Dunn Smith. The emphasis was on the 
confidential clause. Violators were tried in the tribunal courts of 
the Church of Evernight instead of the kingdom’s courts. It was 
akin to how soldiers and officers were sent to court martial for 
trials. 


A five year contract... Two pounds and ten soli for weekly wages, 
ten soli as compensation for the risk and confidentiality... Klein 
read through it and answered resolutely, “I've no problem with 
it.” 


“Then sign it,” Dunn said as he pointed to the dark red fountain 
pen and ink. 


Klein used a piece of waste paper to try out the pen before 
drawing a breath. He signed on both contracts with his name: 
Klein Moretti. 


As he did not have a stamp yet, he could only use his 
thumbprint. 


Dunn received the contract, took out a stamp from the drawer, 
and stamped on the end of the contract and a few key parts. 


With that done, he stood up and returned a contract with one 
hand, and reached for Klein with the other saying, “Welcome, 
from now on, you are one of us, and please note that the 
contract is confidential as well.” 


Klein stood up as well. He received the contract, shook his hand, 
and said, “So, I shall be addressing you as Captain?” 


“yes.” Dunn’s grayish eyes seemed especially deep in the dim 
surroundings. 


After shaking hands, they sat down. Klein glanced at the stamp 
on the contract, it read: “Nighthawk team, Tingen City, Awwa 
County, Loen Kingdom.” 


“I can’t believe you guys would use the name ‘Blackthorn 
Security Company’ as a disguise,” he laughed and said. 


“Actually, we have other signboards.” Dunn pulled out a piece of 
paper from the drawer. 


It was stamped with the stamps of the city government and the 
police department. The contents were as follows: “Seventh Unit, 
Special Operations Department, Awwa County Police, Loen 
Kingdom.” 


“The first four units are the regular police responsible for general 
security, like the VIP Protection Unit and Key Installations 
Protection Unit. And from unit five onwards are the ones dealing 
with supernatural incidents in each city. Our unit is responsible 


for incidents related to the followers of Evernight Goddess in 
Tingen. If there are different types of followers, then we divide 
the area accordingly; we are mainly in charge of places like the 
north, west and the Golden Indus region.” 


Dunn briefly introduced, “Unit Six of the Mandated Punisher 
squad under the Church of Storms is in charge of the pier region, 
the east, and the south. The university area and the suburbs are 
under Unit Five, which is the Machinery Hivemind squad in 
Tingen.” 


“Right.” Klein had no questions about it. He then laughed. “What 
happens if someone really comes here due to the ‘Blackthorn 
Security Company’ signboard and requests for our services?” 


“We'll take those requests; why shouldn’t we? As long as it 
doesn’t affect our daily operations,’ Dunn said slowly and 
humorously. “Any earnings would be considered additional 
bonuses, so our members are quite willing to take those jobs. 
Anyway, the market for trivial and troublesome matters such as 
finding dogs and cats have been monopolized by private 
detectives.” 


“So how many people are there in this Nighthawks team?” Klein 
asked since they were on this topic. 


“There aren’t many supernatural incidents, so there are even 
fewer Beyonders. There are only six formal members of the 
Nighthawks in the entire Tingen City, including me. Heh heh, as 
for civilian staff, there are six including you.” 


Klein nodded his head, and eventually asked the question that 
he was most concerned about, “So, Captain, what do you mean 
by Beyonders losing control? Why does it happen?” 


Chapter 18: Origin and Cause 


Upon hearing Klein’s question, Dunn looked out of the window 
toward the corridor that led to Chanis Gate. He took out his pipe, 
stuffed it with some tobacco and mint leaves, and held it to his 
nose. He took a deep whiff as his voice turned reflective and 
drifting. 


“Only at home can I enjoy the beautiful flavors of tobacco mixed 
with mint leaves without any worries... Klein, do you know 
about the creation myth?” 


“Of course, when I received primary education during Sunday 
school, we learned to read using The Revelation of Evernight. 
Among them, the Book of Wisdom and the Letters from the 
Saints mentioned the myth of creation.” Klein attempted to 
recall via the memory fragments of the original Klein. He slowed 
down his tempo and said, “The Creator awoke from Chaos and 
shattered the darkness, creating the first ray of light. ‘He’ then 
fused ‘Himself’ completely into the universe and made up all of 
existence. ‘His’ body became the land and stars. One of ‘His’ eyes 
became the sun, while the other became the crimson moon. 
Some of ‘His’ blood rushed into the seas and rivers, nourishing 
and nurturing lives...” 


Klein subconsciously paused when he said that. Partially, it was 
because the relevant memories were a blur and that the creation 
myth was very similar to the Chinese creation myth of Pangu. 


The imaginations of people from different worlds shared 
something in common with their myths and legends! 


Noticing that Klein was having ‘trouble, Dunn smiled and added, 
“His lungs turned into the elves; His heart turned into the giants; 


His liver turned into the treants; His brain turned into the 
dragons; His kidneys turned into the feathered serpents; His hair 
turned into the phoenixes; His ears turned into the demonic 
wolves; His mouth and teeth turned into the mutants, and His 
remaining bodily fluids turned into the sea monsters, of which 
the essence was Naga. His stomach, His small and large 
intestines, and the evil parts of His body turned into devils, evil 
spirits and various kinds of unknown maleficent existences. His 
spirit became the Eternal Blazing Sun, the Lord of the Storms, 
and the God of Knowledge and Wisdom...” 


“His wisdom gave birth to humanity. That was the first Epoch, 
the Chaos Epoch.” Klein finished the last sentence for Dunn, but 
he found it funny and ridiculous. 


As a keyboard folklorist, it was the first time he came into 
contact with a creation myth that was ‘arranged’ in such great 
detail. It was so detailed that almost every prominent race 
corresponded to a particular body part of the Creator. 


It’s like a children’s song with children sitting in a row and eating 
fruit... 


Furthermore, it was not only mentioned in the canon of the 
Evernight Goddess. The Churches of the Lord of Storms and God 
of Steam and Machinery also had similar descriptions. None of 
them alleviated themselves or devalued the other gods... 


This either means that the creation myth is real or hints that the 
few Churches had undergone a long period of strife before 
compromising before the Fifth Epoch... 


With this in mind, Klein suddenly had another question. He 
asked with a frown, “It feels problematic. Why are the Eternal 
Blazing Sun, Lord of Storms, and God of Knowledge and Wisdom 
born directly from the Creator’s spirit, while the Goddess isn’t?” 


In the Revelation of Evernight’s prehistorical records, the 
Evernight Goddess had only awoken at the end of the Second 
Epoch. Together with the Lord of Storms, Eternal Blazing Sun, 
and other gods, she blessed and helped humanity survive the 
Cataclysm. It was also known as the Third Epoch, the Cataclysm 
Epoch. 


It was during that time that Earth Mother and the God of Combat 
appeared as well. As for the God of Steam and Machinery, whose 
original name was the God of Craftsmanship, He was born only 
in the Fourth Epoch. 


In that sense, the standing among the gods seemed self-evident. 


The ones who were more ancient were more orthodox. It was 
extremely clear! 


This also troubled the believers of the Evernight Goddess. 


Dunn Smith held his pipe with another hand and instead of 
answering, he returned with a question, “Repeat the Goddess’s 
full title.” 


Klein immediately felt like he had stabbed himself with a knife. 
He racked his brains and tried his best to recall. 


“The Evernight Goddess stands higher than the cosmos and 
more eternal than eternity. She is also the Lady of Crimson, the 
Mother of Concealment, the Empress of Misfortune and Horror, 
Mistress of Repose and Silence.” 


Thankfully, Klein’s mother was a devout believer of the 
Evernight Goddess. When she was still alive, she would recite 


this every evening at dinner. Even though the memories of the 
original Klein had fragmented, not all was lost. 


“What does the Lady of Crimson symbolize?” Dunn asked with a 
guiding tone. 


“The red moon.” The moment Klein answered, he immediately 
understood. 


“Then which part of the Creator did the red moon come from?” 
asked Dunn with a smile. 


“A single eye!” Klein and Dunn smiled at each other. 


This was no way less impressive than the Lord of Storms who 
was formed from a third of the Creator’s spirit! 


As for the Churches of Earth Mother and the God of Combat, they 
likely had similar explanations. However, the God of Steam and 
Machinery had been born too late to find a reason; thus, their 
church had been weak in the past thousand plus years. It was 
only with the invention of the steam engine that they seized the 
opportunity to truly be on par with the other gods. 


Dunn stroked his pipe gently. 


“Humanity was born out of the wisdom of the Creator, so we 
have clever and extraordinary brains, but lack other magical 
powers. However, from the creation myth, we can form a simple 
but clear conclusion. Everything stems from the same origin.” 


” 


“Stems from the same origin...” Klein repeated the last few 


words. 


“According to this conclusion, humans who are protected by the 
gods were able to resist the giants, devils, and the mutants. 
Gradually, they figured out means to obtain the power of the 
Beyonders. That is by using the corresponding parts of the evil 
Spirits, dragons, monsters, magical trees, flowers, or crystals 
and combining them with other materials to form potions. By 
consuming and absorbing the potion, one will gain different 
powers. This is common knowledge among mysticism studies.” 


Dunn did not elaborate in detail and only gave a brief 
introduction. “In this process, our ancestors relied on painful 
lessons to discover that if they were to consume high-grade or 
extraordinary potions, it would easily lead to tragic 
consequences. There are three possible outcomes.” 


“Which three?” pressed Klein curiously. 


“First, mental death and the complete breakdown of a body. 
Every piece of flesh would become a terrifying monster. Second, 
their personality will be changed by the powers contained in the 
potion. They will turn cold, sensitive, irascible, cruel, and 
indifferent. Third, well...” Dunn put down his pipe and picked up 
a porcelain cup and took a sip. “Fermo coffee from the Paz River 
Valley is bitter, but very fragrant. It leaves a splendid aftertaste. 
Do you want one?” 


“I prefer coffee from the Feynapotter plateau. Of course, I have 
only drank it a few times at Welch’s place.” Klein politely 
declined. “What’s the third outcome?” 


“Mental disorder. Turning crazy on the spot, becoming more 
devilish than the devil. This is what it means by losing control.” 
Dunn emphasized the words ‘losing control.’ 


Without waiting for Klein to say a word, he put down his coffee 
cup and continued, “After a long period of experimentation and 
exploration, together with the birth of the Blasphemy Slate, 
humans have finally perfected the potion system. We formed a 
tiered system that chains into stable progression paths known 
as Sequences. The lower the number in a Sequence, the higher 
the grade of a potion. At this point, the seven major churches 
each control at least one complete Sequence. Besides, there are 
also incomplete ‘paths’ that they have gathered over the past 
hundreds or thousand years.” 


“Blasphemy Slate?” Klein sharply noticed the term. 


At the Gathering, The Hanged Man had also mentioned it! 


According to The Hanged Man, the Blasphemy Slate was the 
most critical factor of a potion’s system formation and 
completion! 


That seemed to contradict what Dunn had just said. 


“Those were things created by some evil gods. As for which era it 
appeared, what it contains or what’s so special about it, I am 
unsure as well. If you discover any clues, you have to 
immediately report it to me. It deserves the highest level of 
response,” said Dunn vaguely. “I mentioned one of the types of 
losing control. Pll now tell you the remaining four.” 


“Alright.” Klein pushed the question of the Blasphemy Slate to the 
back of his mind and listened attentively. 


“Although humans have clever minds, they lack extraordinary 
powers, it is not absolute. There are always a few lucky ones; 
perhaps I should call them the unlucky ones. They are born with 
relatively higher perception. Well, it also means the ability to 


sense spirits. They can hear voices that others cannot hear and 
see things that others cannot see. They have partial 
characteristics of Beyonders.” 


While Dunn spoke, he looked at the empty air around him and 
watched Klein shudder in fear. “In other words, if they are half a 
Sequence 9 Beyonder and have fixed characteristics. Oh, 
Sequence 9 is the lowest grade in the ‘chain...’ In short, they can 
only choose a corresponding, fixed Sequence pathway. If they 
consume other potions, the effects might range from mental 
disorders to a loss of control, or even worse, death.” 


“Got it.” Klein nodded slowly. 


“The third kind is similar to the second kind. Once you choose a 
Sequence chain, you will be forced to go down that path. There 
will be no room for regret. If you were to consume potions from 
the corresponding Sequence of other ‘paths,’ there will be a high 
probability you will get mixed, unusual and warped powers. But 
it is almost certain that you would be in a semi-deranged state; 
sensitive and irascible, cruel and bloodthirsty, and silent and 
melancholic. 


“And there is only one such opportunity. After that, regardless if 
you consume the potions from the original path or potions in the 
present Sequence, the only result is a loss of control. The 
outcome could then be mental death; alternatively, the body 
breaks down into monsters or even transforms into an evil 
spirit.” As Dunn spoke, he lifted his coffee cup to take a sip. 


Klein, who turned alarmed and fearful after hearing this, fell 
silent for a few seconds before asking, “What about the fourth 
kind?” 


“The fourth kind, heh heh. That is the most common problem. 
When we consume potions to gain powers that originally belong 


to extraordinary beings, we undergo an_ unnatural 
transformation. Therefore, we would more or less be affected by 
the remnant spiritual powers. While perhaps the symptoms 
might not manifest and are undetectable to others, it will 
definitely lurk in one’s mind. If one rushes to consume the 
corresponding potion ranked higher in the Sequence before fully 
grasping the extraordinary powers the potion brings and 
eliminating the subtle traces, the madness will accumulate, 
increasing the chances of losing control...” Dunn suddenly fell 
silent. 


After a short pause, he said with a sigh, “As per the internal rules 
of us Nighthawks, even if a teammate were to make a great 
contribution, they must have consumed the last potion three 
years ago and be examined before they can be promoted. Even 
so, there are still many who lose control every year.” 


How terrifying... Klein drew a gasp as he asked, “Then what 
about the final kind?” 


There was no trace of a smile despite Dunn’s curved lips. 


“The fifth kind is the most common reason for a loss of control. 
For Beyonders, one’s spiritual perception would be enhanced 
more or less. The smaller the number in the Sequence, the more 
enhanced their perception. Therefore, they would hear what 
others cannot hear, see what others cannot see, and encounter 
things others would not encounter. They are constantly met 
with mysterious enticement and illusionary bewitchment. Once 
they are overstimulated or have greedy desires, they will slowly 
go down the path of losing control.” 


As he spoke, Dunn looked straight at Klein, his gray pupils 
reflecting Klein’s figure. 


His tone turned bleak as he said, “The founder of the 


Nighthawks, Archbishop Chanis, once said, ‘We are guardians, 
but also a bunch of miserable wretches that are constantly 
fighting against threats and madness.” 


Chapter 19: Sealed Artifacts 


“We are guardians, but also a bunch of miserable wretches that 
are constantly fighting against dangers and madness.” 


The corridor outside the window was sealed, its walls ice-cold. 
The room was illuminated with bright yellow lights. Dunn 
Smith’s delivery echoed, sending blow after blow to Klein’s heart. 
It left him temporarily at a loss for words. 


Dunn shook his head and smiled when he saw Klein silent. 


“Are you very disappointed? Beyonders are not like what you 
imagine them to be. We are always treading alongside danger.” 


“There is always a price to any gain.” Klein recovered from his 
shock as he answered with a quivering voice. 


It was true that he never imagined that the halo, abnormality, 
and the inordinary aspects of a Beyonder would have such 
hidden threats. Perhaps it was only because he was hearing a 
description without witnessing it first hand and that he had 
been sucked into the vortex with a peculiar incident already 
befalling him. Klein soon brought his fear, uneasiness, worry, 
and apprehension under control. 


Of course, the thought of shrinking back was inevitable; it 
lingered around and refused to leave. 


“Not bad. Very mature and rational...” Dunn finished the last 
mouthful of coffee and added, “Also, Beyonders are not as 
powerful as you imagine them to be, especially a low-Sequence 


Beyonder. Heh, why would we use 1 to represent the highest 
grade and 9 the lowest? Isn’t this against intuition and logic? The 
low Sequence we often mention refers to a low grade or a high 
number. They are the starting point of the Sequence chain. 


“Alright, where was I? Yes, Beyonders are not as powerful as you 
imagine. A low-Sequence Beyonder’s power is no match for guns, 
much less cannons. They are just more fascinating and 
indefensible than firearms. If you have a chance to become a 
Beyonder in the future, you must consider what I said today 
carefully. Do not make a rash decision.” 


Klein gave a self-deprecating smile. 


“T don’t even know when I will have the chance.” 


He felt that he would not miss the opportunity if it presented 
itself to him. Consuming the wrong potion or a higher-ranked 
potion in the Sequence could be mostly avoided. The major 
potential danger was the subtle influences the potions had and 
what he experienced from having heightened auditory and 
visual perceptions. 


For the former, he could draw on the experiences from 
generations of people before him. As long as he was not in a rush 
to advance himself and patiently grasped control over his 
powers, the chances of losing control were relatively low. 
Furthermore, he still had to resolve the potential problem that 
he currently faced. He had to understand the essence of 
mysticism and seek a way to transmigrate back. These were the 
underlying reasons for taking the first step. He did not aim for 
higher Sequence spots. If it was easy to lose control, he could just 
forget about advancement, stay in his original Sequence, and 
rely on knowledge to plan a way ‘home.’ 


It was needless to elaborate on the potential risks. Back when 


Klein held the luck enhancement ritual, he was nearly driven 
crazy. The murmurings that nearly blew up his head were still 
fresh in his mind. They were not unavoidable by not becoming a 
Beyonder; therefore, it was better to gain power that allowed 
him to defend himself. 


With this in mind, Klein felt that the pros clearly outweighed the 
cons. It made his thoughts of withdrawal almost disappear. 


Dunn picked up his pipe again as his gray eyes carried a smiling 
trace to them. 


“I cannot give you an accurate answer on this. To become a 
Beyonder, firstly, you must make enough contributions. Perhaps 
tomorrow or the day after, you would be able to interpret critical 
ancient documents. Maybe you would be able to give us valuable 
ideas for one of our cases? Secondly, it depends on the 
arrangements of the higher-ups. No one can be sure. 


“Alright, I believe you should know quite a bit about Beyonders 
now. In the future, do not make a rash decision. Now, Ill 
introduce you to our Nighthawks team’s civilian jobs.” 


He stood up and walked to the door. He pointed in the opposite 
direction of Chanis Gate and said, “We have an accountant and 
someone else who is in charge of procuring necessities and 
collecting supplies handed out by the Church and the police 
department while standing in as a carriage driver. They are 
professionals and do not need to take shifts, so they can rest on 
weekends. The other three civilian staff are Rozanne, Bredt, and 
Old Neil. Their jobs include: attending to visitors, cleaning the 
rooms, and writing case files and inventory registration lists. 
They also guard the armory, storeroom, and the archives, strictly 
enforcing the registration should someone wish to enter, take 
out or return an item. Each of them has one day off a week, 
other than Sundays. They negotiate among themselves on the 
arrangement of night shifts and rest days.” 


“So is my job scope the same as Rozanne and the rest?” Klein 
swept away his thoughts about Beyonders and tried to clarify his 
job responsibilities. 


“No, there’s no need. You are a professional,” said Dunn with a 
smile. “You currently have two tasks. First, every morning or 
afternoon, go take a stroll outside. Focus on the various streets 
that lead from Welch’s place to yours.” 


“What?” Klein was dumbfounded. 


What kind of job is this? 


Is that very professional? 


Dunn inserted his hands into the pockets of his black trench coat 
and said, “After you confirm that you have lost your memories, 
we will close the case on Welch and Naya. Similarly, that diary 
of the Antigonus family has vanished completely. We suspect 
that you brought it with you. You might have hidden it on your 
way home which might be why we did not find any clues at your 
place. This is also likely the reason why you were not there and 
chose to commit suicide at home. 


“Although you were mysteriously influenced and have forgotten 
this piece of memory, the human spirit and brain is very 
fascinating, so there might be residual traces. Daly might not be 
able to obtain them through her means as a medium, but it does 
not mean that they do not exist. Perhaps you will feel a sense of 
déja vu at a familiar and critical spot. 


“That is what we wish to obtain.” 


“Got it.” Klein was enlightened. 


The Nighthawks’ deduction of the diary’s location was indeed 
reasonable. 


He was the only one alive among the people involved. Only he 
had the time and motive to take the diary away and hide it on 
his way back! 


“If you can find the diary this way, you will likely make enough 
of a contribution to become a Beyonder,” encouraged Dunn, 
indirectly revealing the importance of the diary. 


“I hope.” Klein nodded. 


Dunn changed the subject again. 


“Secondly, you get a day off every week. You can decide which 
day it is for now. When you are not outside, go to our armory 
and read the literature and canon books. This is a job for a 
professional historian. When you finish them all, you will have 
to begin taking shifts with Old Neil and the rest.” 


“Alright, no problem.” Klein heaved a sigh of relief. 


This is not something too difficult... 


At this moment, Dunn turned his body halfway and pointed to 
the black outward-swinging gates that was engraved with seven 
sacred emblems. 


“This is Chanis Gate. It is named after the creator of the modern 
Nighthawks system, Archbishop Chanis. There is one under the 
central cathedral of every major city. 


“It is guarded by formal Nighthawk members on rotation. Inside, 
there are at least two ‘Keepers’ who are sent by the Church, as 
well as countless traps. You must not approach it under any 
circumstances; otherwise, misfortune will befall you.” 


“That sounds scary,” Klein expressed his feelings. 


“The area inside is divided into a few zones. Stored within are 
certain potion formulas for certain Sequences and other magical 
materials. It is also used to temporarily hold heretics, mutants, 
cultists, and members of secret organizations. Heh heh, they will 
eventually be sent to the Holy Cathedral,” introduced Dunn in 
passing. 


Holy Cathedral? The headquarters of the Church of Evernight 
located in the Winter County to the north of the kingdom, 
Cathedral of Serenity? Klein nodded slightly as though he was 
pondering over the matter. 


“In addition, there are all sorts of classified documents and 
records inside. When you gain a higher clearance, you might 
have a chance of reading them.” Dunn hesitated for a moment 
before adding, “Behind the Chanis Gate, there are also Sealed 
Artifacts in the basement.” 


“Sealed Artifacts?” Klein ruminated on the terms. 


It sounded like a specialized term. 


“Some of the extraordinary items we gather and retrieve are just 
too important and magical. If they fall into the wrong hands, it 
would cause immense destruction. Therefore, we have to keep it 
strictly confidential and watch them carefully. Even we can only 
use it under special circumstances. Besides...” With that said, 
Dunn paused for a moment before continuing, “Besides, there 
are some things inside that are very special. They had certain 
‘living’ characteristics which can entice the Keepers. It would 
influence the surroundings, attempt escape, and cause 
catastrophic outcomes. They have to be strictly controlled.” 


“How fascinating,” commented Klein wistfully. 


“The Nighthawks headquarters have categorized these Sealed 
Artifacts into four grades. Grade O represents Extremely 
Dangerous. They are of the highest importance and of the 
highest confidentiality. They are not to be _ inquired, 
disseminated, described, or spied. They can only be sealed in the 
basement of the Holy Cathedral,” described Dunn in detail. 
“Grade 1 is Highly Dangerous. They can be used in limited ways. 
Their security clearance is limited to diocesan bishops or 
Nighthawks deacons and above. The central cathedral of diocese 
headquarters like Backlund can store one to two artifacts. The 
rest will be handed over to the Holy Cathedral. 


“Grade 2 is Dangerous. They can be used with care and 
moderation. The security clearance requires one to be a bishop or 
a Nighthawks team’s captain and above. The central cathedrals 
in the various cities can store three to five artifacts. The rest will 
be turned into the Holy Cathedral or the diocese headquarters. 
Grade 3 is Considerably Dangerous. They have to be used 
carefully. It can only be requested for operations that require 
three or more people.. The security clearance requires one to bea 
formal member of the Nighthawks.” 


“In the future, you will see the corresponding documents. 
Through the numbers, you can understand what they represent. 
For instance, 2-125 means that it is a Dangerous grade Sealed 


Artifact No. 125.” 


As Dunn went on, he suddenly turned around and returned to 
his room. He pulled out a piece of paper from the bottom of the 
drawer. 


“By the way, take a look at this. Three years ago, a newly 
appointed archbishop lost control. For some unknown reason, he 
stormed through the various levels of protection and vanished 
mysteriously with a Grade O Sealed Artifact. Memorize this 
photo. If you discover him, do not alert or disturb him. Return to 
report it immediately or the chance of you dying in the line of 
duty is a thousand percent.” 


“What?” Klein received the piece of paper. There was no title on 
it, just a black and white photo with a few lines of words. 


“Ince Zangwill. Male. Forty years old. Former archbishop. A 
Gatekeeper who failed in his promotion and was enticed by the 
devil and was corrupted. He escaped with Sealed Artifact 0-08. 
Particular traits are...” 


The picture depicted Ince Zangwill as wearing an all-black 
clergyman robe with buttons on both sides and a soft cap. His 
hair was dark blonde and his pupils were so blue that it was 
nearly black. He had a high nose and his lips were tightly 
pursed. His facial features were like a classic sculpture without 
any wrinkles. The most striking characteristic was that he was 
blind in one eye. 


“The description of the corrupted is so detailed but the only thing 
about the Sealed Artifact is its codename...” Klein honestly 
offered his first impression. 


“That’s why it is at the highest security clearance. The search for 


Sealed Artifacts No. 0-08 is only described verbally and never 
written in words. Even so, the description will be little,” said 
Dunn with a sigh. “0-08 appears to be a common guill, but it 
does not need ink to write. That’s all.” 


Dunn did not dive deeper into the topic. He tugged at the golden 
chain on his black trench coat and took out a gorgeous pocket 
watch of the same color. He clicked it open and took a glance 
before pointing outside. 


“I’ve told you all you need to know. Go to the armory to find Old 
Neil. Get him to arrange the documents that you need to read. He 
is no ordinary civilian clerk. He was once a formal member, but 
due to his advanced age, he failed to be promoted. His health is 
ailing, so it’s no longer suitable for him to handle cases. 
Furthermore, he does not wish to become an internal Keeper or 
rest at home. All he wishes is to be accompanied by documents 
and records.” 


Chapter 20: The Forgettul Dunn 


“Okay.” Klein bowed slightly as he wore his short top hat again. 
However, his mind was preoccupied with how Sealed Artifact 
0-08 looked. 


It appears to be just your everyday quill? 
It writes without ink? 


Then, what is its actual use? What makes it classified at the 
highest level of confidentiality that it’s deemed Extremely 
Dangerous? 


Can it be a pen that kills anyone whose name is written? 


No, that would be way too heaven-defying. Ince Zangwill wouldn’t 
need to escape and hide away if that were the case... 


Just as Klein turned around to leave, Dunn suddenly shouted out 
to him. 


“Hold on. I forgot something.” 
“What?” Klein turned his head; his eyes puzzled. 


Dunn put back his pocket watch and said with a smile, “Later, 
remember to visit the accountant, Mrs. Orianna, and get an 
advance payment of four weeks—a total of twelve pounds. After 


that, you'll earn half your salary every week until the difference 
is covered.” 


“That’s too much. There’s no need for this, the amount should be 
reduced,” said Klein subconsciously. 


He had no objection towards an advanced payment. After all, he 
didn’t even have the money needed to pay for the public horse 
carriage trip home. However, to receive twelve pounds at once 
left him a little afraid. 


“No, it’s necessary,” said Dun as he shook his head and smiled. 
“Think about it. Do you still wish to continue living in your 
present apartment? One that needs you to share a bathroom 
with so many other tenants? Even if you aren’t taking yourself 
into consideration, think about the lady. Besides...” 


He paused when he saw Klein nod in agreement. He smiled and 
sized up Klein’s garbs and said with a meaningful intent, 
“Besides, you need a cane, and you should buy a new suit.” 


Klein was taken aback for a second before snapping back to 
reality. His face immediately burned with embarrassment since 
the suit he was wearing was cheap and of inferior quality. 


Typically, a top hat was made of silk, costing five to six soli. A 
bow tie was three soli, a walking cane inlaid with silver was 
seven to eight soli, a shirt was three soli, while pants, a vest, and 
tuxedo were around seven pounds in total. Leather boots were 
nine to ten soli. As such, an entire suit cost more than eight 
pounds and seven soli. Of course, to be a presentable gentleman, 
one needed a watch chain, a pocket watch, and a wallet. 


Back then, the original Klein and Benson scrimped and saved 
before managing to save up a pool of money. When they went to 


a clothing store to check the price, they ended up running off 
without even bothering to try haggling. They each bought a set at 
a bargain shop near Iron Cross Street for a total of less than two 
pounds. 


It was also because of that incident that original Klein had a 
deep impression of the prices of clothes. 


“O-Okay,” Klein stammered a reply. 


He was like the original Klein. He was someone who cared about 
his appearance. 


Dunn took out the pocket watch again and clicked it open to take 
a glance at it. 


“Perhaps you should find Mrs. Orianna first? I know you'll spend 
quite some time at Old Neil’s while Mrs. Orianna will likely be 
returning home soon.” 


“Alright.” Klein was acutely aware of his state of poverty and did 
not object to it. 


Dunn returned to the table’s side and pulled at a few hanging 
ropes as he said, “I'll get Rozanne to bring you there.” 


The ropes began their operation as the gears ground, producing a 
chime from a bell at the reception area of Blackthorn Security 
Company. When Rozanne heard it, she hurriedly stood up and 
carefully made her way down. 


It did not take long before she appeared in front of Klein again. 


Dunn said humorously, “I did not disturb your rest, right? Oh, 
bring Moretti to Mrs. Orianna.” 


Rozanne secretly curled her lips as she answered ‘happily— 


“Alright, Captain.” 


“Is that all?” At that moment, Klein blurted out in surprise. 


To get his advance payment from finance, isn’t there a need to get 
an approval letter from the Captain? Shouldn’t you write 
something? 


“So?” Dunn returned with a question. 


“I mean— Don’t I need your signature to claim an advance 
payment from Mrs. Orianna?” Klein tried his best to use simple 
language. 


“Oh, no. There’s no need. Rozanne is enough proof.” Dunn 
pointed at the brown-haired girl and gave a reply. 


Captain, it seems there’s almost zero management of our 
finances... Klein resisted his urge to deliver a sarcastic comment 
before turning to leave the room with Rozanne. 


At that moment, he heard Dunn shout out again. 


“Hold on. There’s still another thing.” 


Can we finish it all at once? Klein turned back with a smiling 
face. 


“Yes?” 


Dunn pressed at his temple and said, “When you meet Old Neil, 
remember to collect ten demon hunting bullets.” 


“Me? Demon hunting bullets?” Klein returned in astonishment. 


“Welch’s revolver is still with you, right? There’s no need for you 
to turn it in.” Dunn inserted a single hand into his pocket and 
said, “With the demon hunting bullets, if you were to face a 
paranormal danger, you will be able to protect yourself. Uh, it 
will give you some courage at the very least.” 


There’s no need for you to add on the final sentence... Just as Klein 
was vexing over the problem, he answered without any 
hesitation, “Alright. I'll remember to do so!” 


“This will require me to write a formal document. Wait a 
moment.” Dunn sat down and picked up the dark red fountain 
pen. He scribbled a ‘note,’ signed it, and stamped it. 


“Thank you, Captain.” Klein received it sincerely. 


He slowly walked back before turning around. 


“Hold on.” 


Dunn shouted one more time. 


...Captain, you look to be in your thirties. Why do you have the 
symptoms of dementia? Klein squeezed out a smile and turned 
around to ask, “Anything else?” 


“I forgot earlier that you are not trained in shooting, so getting 
demon hunting bullets would be useless. Let’s do this; collect 
thirty normal bullets every day. Take the opportunity when you 
are out to go to the street corner—the underground shooting 
range at No. 3 Zouteland Street. Most of it belongs to the police 
department, but there is one that is specially for us Nighthawks. 
Oh, right, you also need to get a badge from Old Neil. Otherwise, 
you won't be able to enter the shooting range.” Dunn smacked 
his forehead and took back the note from Klein. He then added 
the information and stamped it with another seal. 


“A good marksman is produced by expending bullets. Do not 
think lightly of it.” Dunn handed back Klein the modified note. 


“Got it.” Klein, who was fearful of danger, yearned to visit the 
shooting range that very day. 


He took two steps towards the exit before carefully turning 
around halfways. He deliberated before asking, “Captain, is there 
anything else?” 


“No.” Dunn nodded firmly. 


Klein heaved a sigh of relief and walked straight out the door. 
While walking, he had the strong urge to turn around to ask 
another, “Are you sure there’s nothing else?” 


He resisted that urge and finally left the Keeper room 
successfully. 


“Captain has always been this way. He often forgets things.” As 
Rozanne walked by his side, she softly disparaged the captain, 
“Even my granny has a better memory than him. Of course, he 
only forgets the trivial stuff. Yea, trivial stuff. Klein, Pll call you 
Klein in the future. Mrs. Orianna is a very affable person. It is 
easy to hit it off with her. Her father is a watchsmith with 
excellent skill...” 


As Klein listened to the brown-haired girl rattle on, he stepped 
into the stairwell and returned to the upper floor. He found Mrs. 
Orianna in the far office on the right-hand side. 


She was a black-haired woman dressed in a flounce lace dress. 
She appeared in her thirties and had fashionable curly hair. Her 
pair of green eyes were clear and smiling, and she seemed 
refined and elegant. 


After Orianna heard Rozanne repeat Dunn Smith’s instructions, 
she took out a note and wrote an advance slip. 


“Sign here. Do you have a seal? If not, you can leave a 
thumbprint.” 


“Alright.” Now familiar with the procedures, Klein completed the 
formalities. 


Orianna took out a copper key and opened the safe in the room. 
As she counted the pounds, she said with a smile, “You are lucky. 
We have enough cash today. By the way, Klein, were you invited 
by Captain because you were involved in a paranormal activity 
and the fact that you have a specialty?” 


“yes, you have an impeccable intuition.” Klein was not stingy 
with his compliments. 


Orianna took out four notes with light-gray backgrounds with 
deep black patterns printed on them. After locking the safe, she 
turned around and smiled. 


“That’s because I had a similar experience too.” 


“Really?” Klein showed an appropriate level of surprise. 


“Do you know about the serial killer that sent Tingen City into a 
frenzy sixteen years ago?” Orianna handed over the four gold 
pounds to Klein. 


“Yes! It’s the one which had five girls killed consecutively. Some 
had their hearts and stomachs removed by that Bloody Butcher? 
My mother often used that matter to scare my sister when we 
were young,” said Klein as he thought about it. 


He received the notes and discovered that two of them were in 
five pound denominations and two of them were in one pound 
denominations. All of them had a gray background and were 
inked in black. The four corners had complicated patterns and 
special ink to prevent counterfeiting. 


The former notes were slightly bigger and in the middle of them 
was Loen Kingdom’s fifth king, George III’s direct ancestor, Henry 
Augustus I. He wore a white hair band above his rotund face. His 
eyes were slender and he had an abnormally serious expression. 
However, Klein felt an indescribably sense of closeness to him. 


This was a five-pound note! 


It’s almost equal to four weeks of Benson’s salary! 


In the middle of the one-pound note was George III’s father, the 
former king, William Augustus VI. This Might-wielder had a 
thick mustache and a firm gaze. While he was in power, he freed 
the Loen Kingdom from the shackles of the old order, allowing 
his nation to regain the pinnacle spot. 


They were all ‘good kings...’ Klein could faintly smell the notes’ 
ink that elated and refreshed him. 


“Yes, if the Nighthawks had not come in time, I would have been 
the sixth victim.” Mrs. Orianna’s tone still hinted at a sense of 
lingering fear despite the incident having happened more than 
ten years ago. 


“I heard that the serial killer, no— The Butcher was a Beyonder?” 
Klein carefully folded the paper notes and placed it in an inner 
pocket of his suit. Then, he patted the area a few times to 
confirm it was there. 


“yes.” Mrs. Orianna gave a firm nod. “He had killed even more 
before that. The reason why he was captured was because he 
was preparing a ritual for the devil.” 


“No wonder he wanted different organs... Sorry, Mrs. Orianna for 
making you recall such unpleasant memories,” said Klein 
sincerely. 


Orianna smiled. “fm no longer afraid... I was studying 
accountancy in business school back then. After that incident, 
I've been here ever since. Alright, I'll stop keeping you from what 
you should do. You still need to head to Old Neil’s.” 


“Goodbye, Mrs. Orianna.” Klein took off his hat and bowed before 
leaving the office. Before he went downstairs, he could not help 
but pat his inner pocket to make sure the twelve pounds was still 


there. 


He did a turn at a cross-junction and headed right. It did not take 
him long to see a half-closed iron door. 


Knock! Knock! Knock! 


While he knocked, an aged voice sounded from inside. 


“Come in.” 


Klein pushed open the metal door and discovered a cramped 
room which only allowed for a desk and two chairs. 


There was a tightly locked iron door inside the room and behind 
the desk was a hoary elder dressed in a class black robe. He was 
reading a few yellowed pages from a book with the illumination 
of a gas lamp. 


He raised his head and looked at the door. 


“Are you Klein Moretti? Rozanne said you were very polite when 
she came over a while ago.” 


“Miss Rozanne is really a friendly person. Good afternoon, Mr. 
Neil.” Klein took off his hat as a gesture of respect. 


“Have a seat.” Neil pointed to the silver tin can with complex 
flowery patterns on the table. “Would you like a cup of 
handground coffee?” 


The wrinkles at the edge of his eyes and mouth were deeply 
recessed. His dark red pupils appeared slightly turbid. 


“It doesn’t seem like you drink coffee?” Klein acutely noticed that 
Neil’s porcelain cup was filled with clear water. 


“Haha, it’s a habit of mine. I do not drink coffee after three in the 
afternoon,” Neil explained with a laugh. 


“Why?” Klein asked in passing. 


Neil held back his smile as he looked into Klein’s eyes and said, 
“Tm afraid that it would affect my sleep at night. It will make 
me hear the murmurings of the unknown existence.” 


Klein was momentarily unable to answer him as he changed the 
subject. 


“Mr. Neil, what documents and books should I read?” 


As he spoke, he took out the note written by Dunn. 


“Anything that has to do with history, or is complicated and 
incomplete. To be honest, I have always been trying to learn, but 
all I can achieve is a rudimentary grasp. It’s just too troublesome 
for the other material, such as people’s diaries, contemporary 
books, epitaphs, etc...” lamented Neil. “For example, the things I 
have here require more detailed historical records to determine 
the exact content.” 


“Why?” Klein turned confused. 


Neil pointed to a few yellowed pages in front of him. 


“These are from Roselle Gustav’s lost diary before his death. In 
order to keep things secret, he used strange symbols he invented 
to take records.” 


Emperor Roselle? The transmigration senior? Klein was taken 
aback as he immediately listened attentively. 


“Many people believe that he did not truly die, but instead 
became a hidden god. Therefore, cults which revere him have 
always been holding various rituals to attempt at gaining power. 
We will occasionally encounter such incidents and obtain a few 
original or duplicated copies of the diary,” Neil said with a shake 
of his head. “Till date, no one has been able to decipher the 
special symbols’ true meaning. Therefore, the Holy Cathedral has 
permitted us to keep copies for research, hoping that it would 
bring them a pleasant surprise.” 


With that said, Neil revealed a smug smile. 


“I have already deciphered a few symbols and have confirmed 
that they represent numbers. Look at what I discovered. It’s 
actually a diary! Yes, I wish to use history from different periods, 
especially events that revolved around the emperor. By 
comparing those records to the ones written in the diary for the 
corresponding day, I can try to interpret more of the symbols. 


“That’s the mind of a genius, right?” The old gentleman with 
white hair and deep wrinkles looked at Klein with bright eyes. 


Klein nodded in agreement. 


“Yes.” 


“Haha, you can also take a look at it. Tomorrow, you will have to 
help me with this diary.” Neil pushed the few yellowed pages 
towards Klein. 


Klein turned them around and took a glance at them, but it 
immediately stunned him! 


Although the ‘symbols’ had been copied in terribly ugly fashion, 
to the point of looking a little distorted, there was no way he 
could be mistaken... 


This was because they were words he was most familiar with. 


Chinese! 


And it’s f**king Simplified Chinese! 


Chapter 21: An Old Friend In A Different World 


In that instant, Klein even believed that he had transmigrated 
back. However, the elegant gas lamp surrounded by brass grids 
and the silver-inlaid tin, which Old Neil kept his handground 
coffee in, made him recognize the reality he was in. 


The transmigrator, Emperor Roselle, is really a fellow countryman 
of mine? He was using Simplified Chinese—which doesn’t exist in 
this world—to record secrets? With the indescribable feeling of 
identifying an old friend in a different world, Klein quickly read 
through the three pages. 


“18th November. Truly a fascinating matter. A blue-sky 
experimentation and a chance mistake made me discover the 
pathetic fellow lost and trapped in the deep darkness amid the 
storms. He can only approach the reality of this world on the day 
of the full moon every month; yet, he is unable to transmit his 
cries. He is lucky to have met me, the protagonist of this era.” 


“After reading the paragraph I wrote above, I suddenly felt a little 
down. Even my Chinese is written like a translation. Four 
decades have passed in a finger snap. My past memories feel 
more like a dream.” 


“1184, Ist January. At the grand New Year Gala, Lady Florena was 
truly splendid.” 


“2nd January. My diplomats are all idiots!” 


“3rd January. I made a hasty choice back then. In hindsight, I 
should have chosen the Apprentice, the Seer, or the Marauder. 
Unfortunately, there is no way of redoing it.” 


“ath January. Why are my children so stupid? I’ve repeated 
myself so many times. Do not be fooled by those charlatans! The 
key thing about potions is not about grasping them, but 
digesting them! It’s nothing about tapping powers, but acting! 
And the name of a potion is not solely symbolic at its core, but a 
concrete imagery, and the ‘key’ to digestion!” 


“9th September. An alliance opposing me has been established. 
Feysac from the north, Loen from the east, Feynapotter from the 
south. My enemies have finally joined forces, but I have no fear. I 
will use facts to teach them that the generations of weapons and 
knowledge cannot be compensated by mere numbers and low- 
grade Sequencers. Besides, it’s not as though I do not have 
subordinates. As for the higher-grades, heh heh. Have they 
forgotten who I am?” 


“23rd September. I have lost communications with the ship 
seeking the Forsaken Land of God. I should consider inventing 
wireless telegraphs. I hope it would not be affected by the storm.” 


“24th September. Miss Ithaca is more mesmerizing than Lady 
Florena. Perhaps, I’m just being nostalgic about my youth.” 


Due to the complexity of characters in Simplified Chinese, the 
font was slightly larger than normal, leading to less content on 
each page. Furthermore, for preservational and research 
purposes, the back of each page was left empty. But even so, 
Klein still felt an upheaval of emotions when he read the diary. 
In particular, Emperor Roselle’s description of the crux of potions 
made him feel like he found the path to the solution. He was 
thrilled at having learned a priceless secret. 


Perhaps, this will be a beacon for my future path as a Beyonder! 
Well, the three pages belong to entries at different times. It seems 
Emperor Roselle only writes the year on the first entry of each 
year. It cannot be determined which year the two pages with 
September and November belong to...Who is the pathetic fellow he 


discovered? 


What do “digesting” and “acting” actually mean? 


Where is the Forsaken Land of God? ... 


These questions bubbled in Klein’s head. It made him eager to 
immediately gather all of Emperor Roselle’s diary and read it 
from cover to cover! 


“Klein?” At that moment, Old Neil asked puzzledly across him. 


Klein jolted awake as he hurriedly covered it up with a laugh. “I 
thought I would be the most special one. I was trying to decipher 
and interpret it.” 


“you are young indeed.” Old Neil nodded, laughing. “I once 
believed that I was the most special one as well.” 


Klein flipped through the three pages in his hand and after 
confirming that he had not missed anything, he handed it over 
to Old Neil and thoughtlessly asked, “Do we only have these few 
pages?” 


I want to see more of Emperor Roselle’s diary! “Did you think 
there would be many?” Old Neil caressed the scripts as his 
wrinkles deepened from his scoff. “There are not many incidents 
a year that involve Beyonders and mystery to begin with. Sigh, 
the major reason is the gradual extinction of extraordinary 
species in our Northern Continent. Without them, there won’t be 
a lot of potions, causing the number of Beyonders to reduce with 
time. Sigh, over the past few centuries, dragons, giants, and 
elves have become simply records in books. Even the seafolks are 


no longer seen near the coastal waters.” 


Upon hearing this, Klein suddenly thought of a meme. He 
immediately said with a smile, “I think it’s time to establish a 
Dragons and Giants Protection Association.” 


Old Neil looked confused when he heard that. It took him quite 
some time to figure out what it meant. After figuring out its 
meaning, he rapped the table and laughed quite heartily in a 
not-so-gentlemanly manner. 


“Haha, Klein, you really are humorous. This is a tradition of our 
Loen Kingdom. It’s good that young people have a sense of 
humor. I believe we shouldn’t be overly narrow in scope. Why 
are we only protecting dragons and giants? It should be called 
Fantastic Beasts Protection Association.” 


“No, no, no. How can we forget those poor plants?” Klein shook 
his head. 


They exchanged looks and proclaimed in unison: “Fantastic 
Organisms Protection Association!” 


Both of them laughed tacitly. The awkwardness and 
unfamiliarity of the atmosphere between them dissipated 
considerably. 


“There are fewer interesting young people like you these days... 
Where was I?” Old Neil’s wrinkles suffused a smile as he said, “I 
remember. There are not many incidents a year that involve 
Beyonders and mystery to begin with. The retards who revere 
Emperor Roselle are the minority of the minority. It’s already 
pretty good that we can obtain three scripts... Well, the other 
larger cathedrals or dioceses might have some...” 


After muttering a few words, he took the approval note which 
Klein had placed on the table earlier and took a look. 


“Are they pistol bullets, rifle bullets, or steam-pressured bullets?” 


“It’s a revolver,” answered Klein honestly. 


“Alright. Pll go get them. Ahem, do you have an underarm 
holster? As a gentleman, we can’t let you have something 
bulging below your waist in public.” Old Neil made a joke that all 
men understood. 


“Heh, no. Do I need to get Captain to include it?” Klein smiled 
cooperatively. 


Old Neil stood up and said, “There’s no need. I just need to make 
a record. It’s an accessory item. Repeat after me: accessory item.” 


“Were you a teacher in the past?” joked Klein. 


“I spent some time at the Church’s Sunday school and free 
schools.” Old Neil waved the note and took out a key from the 
drawer. He then opened the iron door that led into an inner 
chamber. 


Beyonders do not seem much different from commoners... Klein 
murmured silently before casting his gaze on the table where 
the three pages of the diary were. 


Emperor Roselle is indeed involved in the realm of mysteruv... 


His diary is invaluable...To others, they are just pieces of scrap 
paper. It is unknown when they will be deciphered, but they are a 
valuable treasure to me! I wonder where the remaining parts of 
the diary are... 


I have to think of ways to get more... Klein’s mind went through 
upheavals as he could hardly calm down. This continued until 
Old Neil came out and closed the iron door. 


“Ten demon hunting bullets, thirty revolver bullets. An ox-hide 
underarm holster, and a Seventh Unit, Special Operations 
Department badge. Please count them and give them a try. 
Remember to sign the log book.” Old Neil placed the items down 
on the table. 


The revolver bullets were arranged neatly in a paper box which 
was divided into three layers. The bullets shimmered with a 
yellow sheen just like the bullets back home, but they appeared 
narrower. 


As for the demon hunting bullets, they were kept in a small iron 
box. The shape was identical to regular revolver bullets, but their 
surface was silver in color. Upon a more careful examination, 
there were complicated and dazzling patterns with tiny Sacred 
Emblems—a black background dotted with stars and a half 
crimson moon—engraved at the bottom. 


The ox-hide holster felt solid and it came with a belt and buckle. 
Beside it was a badge half the size of a palm. It had a metallic 
background with “Awwa County Police Department and Seventh 
Unit, Special Operations Department” inscribed in silver text. 
They formed almost two sealed circles and surrounded the “two 
crossed swords and a crown” police emblem. 


“Unfortunately, it’s not a Nighthawks badge,” Klein said half 
wistfully and half probingly. 


Old Neil smiled and urged Klein to test the underarm holster. 


After he took off his jacket, Klein took quite a bit of effort to 
buckle up the holster, which hung close to his left armpit. 


“Not bad.” He put on his jacket again. 


Old Neil sized him up and nodded in satisfaction. 


“It suits you well. My judgment is as accurate as usual.” 


After putting away the other items into his pockets and signing 
the log book, Klein had a short, casual conversation with Old Neil 
before leaving. 


Halfway, he suddenly slapped himself in the forehead. 


“I forgot to learn more about the Sequences and potions. It’s all 
the fault of Emperor Roselle’s diary...” 


At this point, he was still unaware of what the first Sequence of 
the complete pathway the Church of Evernight possessed. All he 
knew was that it started with Sequence 9. 


Rozanne had apparently mentioned something... The Sleepless? 
Just as Klein was slowly walking towards the stairs, a person 
came down. 


He wore tight trousers which made movement easy. His white 
shirt was not tucked in, and he had a clear romantic 
temperament of a poet. He was none other than the black- 


haired, green-eyed police inspector who had previously come to 
search Klein’s place. They had met upstairs previously, but they 
had not exchanged words. 


“Good afternoon,” greeted the young poet-like Nighthawk with a 
smile. 


“Good afternoon. I believe I do not need to introduce myself?” 
answered Klein humorously. 


“There’s no need. I have a deep impression of you.” The young 
Nighthawk extended his right hand and said, “Leonard Mitchell. 
Sequence 8’s Midnight Poet.” 


Sequence 8... He’s really a poet... Klein smilingly shook his hand 
as he returned with a question, “You have a deep impression of 
me?” 


Leonard Mitchell’s green eyes were deep as he replied with a very 
faint smile. “You have a special disposition.” 


He feels and sounds so gay... The corners of Klein’s mouth moved 
slightly as he barely said with a smile, “I don’t think so myself.” 


“After encountering an accident like that, you remained alive 
despite not receiving our protection immediately. That makes 
you special enough.” Leonard pointed ahead. “I have to replace 
Captain. See you tomorrow.” 


“See you tomorrow.” Klein turned to make way for the 
Nighthawk. 


As he walked to the ends of the stairwell, Leonard Mitchell 
suddenly turned around and stared at the stone-paved ground 
which was illuminated by the yellow sunset. He muttered into 
the air softly, “Did you manage to notice anything...” 


“Indeed, there’s nothing special about him...” 


Chapter 22: Starting Sequence 


After he went up the stairs and returned to the reception hall, 
Klein was about to bid Rozanne farewell when he heard the 
brown-haired girl mention briskly, “Captain says that you can 
come on Monday. He wants you to settle your household affairs 
first.” 


“Alright.” Klein never expected the Nighthawks’ management 
to be so humane and accommodating. It made him feel a little 
grateful. 


He was planning on waking early the next morning and making 
use of the opportunity to “wander around” to visit Tingen 
University. He planned on informing the staff in charge of the 
interview that he was not participating in the follow-up 
interviews. After all, he had originally obtained the opportunity 
to make the interview because of his _ professor’s 
recommendation letter. Regardless, it was basic courtesy to have 
formal closure. Even if it was not for himself, he had to respect 
his mentor’s efforts. 


And in a world without telephones, where telegrams were 
charged by the character, and the fact that it would be too late to 
send a letter, he felt that taking the public carriage to the 
university was the most economical and suitable solution. 


Having received the Captain’s special approval, Klein did not 
need to tire himself out. He could wake up late and still make his 
way there on time. 


Klein was just about to take off his hat to bid Rozanne farewell 
when he suddenly thought of something. He looked around and 
suppressed his voice. “Rozanne, do you know what the starting 


point of the Church’s complete Sequence is?” 


He had forgotten to ask Old Neil. 


Rozanne’s eyes widened as she looked at Klein in astonishment. 
“You wish to become a Beyonder?” 


Was I that obvious? Klein’s body language betrayed him as he 
answered in embarrassment, “Having learned _ that 
extraordinary and mysterious powers exist in the world, it’s 
inevitable that I have some yearnings for it.” 


“Oh my Goddess. Do you know how dangerous it is? Didn't 
Captain tell you? The enemies of Beyonders are not just cultists 
or dark warlocks, but themselves! People lose control nearly 
every year. Some even end up sacrificing themselves! Aren’t you 
going to consider how your family will feel?” Rozanne’s hand 
gestures amplified her tone as her reaction appeared overly 
agitated. “Klein, I think the better choice is to be a civilian staff. 
There’s nearly no danger, and our salary increases every year. 
After a few years of work, you will have saved up much money, 
allowing you to rent a bungalow in the North Borough or in the 
suburbs. You can then marry a rich and charming lady and have 
a wonderful family, having adorable and naughty little angels...” 


“Rozanne, stop! Hold up!” Klein hurriedly stopped her in 
exasperation when he realized that she was changing the 
subject. “I just want to... to, well, understand the basics for now.” 


“Alright...” Rozanne fell silent for a few seconds as she lowered 
her gaze, feeling somewhat sorry. “Due to what happened to my 
father, whenever I face similar problems, I tend to be... well, you 
know, a little agitated. However, to be honest, I’m filled with 
respect towards any man or woman who willingly wishes to be 
a Nighthawk.” 


“I understand, I understand,” echoed Klein. 


Rozanne blinked her light brown eyes and added, “My father 
once said that one should never think that they can resolve 
hidden risks or combat danger by simply becoming more 
powerful or a higher Sequencer. In fact, it’s the opposite. They 
will encounter more terrifying matters. When facing the 
unknown or a terrifying existence, death and insanity are the 
only two outcomes. Heh, he ended up sacrificing himself two 
weeks after saying that... Klein, don’t look at me with pity. My 
life is great now, really great! It’s only right to feel fear towards 
these matters!” 


“I only want to know the basics...” Klein repeated his previous 
reply, not sure whether he should laugh or cry. 


Captain explained it more clearly than you. And even if I do not 
become a Beyonder, I have already encountered something 
extraordinary... “Alright,” said Rozanne ruminatively. “I’ve heard 
Captain’s and Old Neil’s conversation before. As extraordinary 
creatures are declining or going extinct, few high Sequencers 
exist in this era. It’s already very impressive to become a 
Beyonder! Combining our Tingen City and the suburbs, there are 
hundreds of thousands of people or maybe even more. Yet, there 
are only about thirty plus Beyonders. Well, it’s just my guess... 
I'm not counting the cultists and dark warlocks who hide in the 
dark...” 


Without waiting for Klein’s reply, she seemed to regain her 
vibrancy as she clenched her fist and brought it to her chest. 


“And among these thirty plus Beyonders, most of them are at 
Sequence 9! Uh, it seems I have gone off topic...” 


“Its okay. That was something I wanted to know as well.” Klein 
wished that Rozanne could be like her usual self, revealing more 


information as she rambled on. 


“Anyways, it’s already very, very impressive to become a 
Beyonder!” Rozanne repeated herself. “The starting Sequence of 
our Church’s complete Sequence is Sleepless: Sequence 9, 
Sleepless!” 


Indeed... Klein nodded as he watched Rozanne finding it hard to 
stop herself from describing in detail. 


“you should be able to guess from the name. A Sleepless is 
someone who does not need to sleep at night. Three to four 
hours of rest in the day would be sufficient. Man, I'm so 
envious... No, not at all! Sleep is a gift bestowed upon us by the 
Goddess. It’s the truest bliss! 


“Where was I? Ah, right. A Sleepless can see through the 
darkness even without any lights. The deeper into the night, the 
more powerful they become. I mean more powerful in the 
aspects of their physical strength, their intuition, and their 
mental capabilities. However, although they can detect unknown 
dangers that lurk in the dark, they will still rely on demon 
hunting bullets and other items to handle monsters they are 
unable to deal with via normal means. My father was once a 
Sleepless.” 


Without waiting for Klein to press on, Rozanne continued, “After 
that, its Sequence 8’s Midnight Poet, and one level higher is 
Sequence 7's Nightmare.” 


Nightmare? Klein instantly recalled that Dunn Smith had guided 
his dreams. He asked as a confirmation, “Captain?” 


“you know about it?” Rozanne’s mouth nearly turned into an “O” 
shape. 


“Captain once entered my dream...” Klein glanced around as he 
lowered his voice once more. 


“Got it...” Rozanne was enlightened as she answered with a 
whisper. 


She picked up a coffee cup beside her and took a sip before 
saying wistfully, “There are only two Sequence 7 Beyonders in 
our Tingen City’s Church. It’s likely that Captain is one of them. 
Even if he goes to a large diocese like Backlund, he is still an 
impressive figure. Some deacons might not even be stronger 
than he is!” 


“So Captain is that impressive.” Klein echoed with a smile. 


Frankly, Dunn Smith’s appearance last night had left a deep 
impression on him. He had basically believed that Dunn was an 
extremely powerful Beyonder. 


“Of course!” Rozanne proudly straightened her back. 


In moments, the scatterbrained her said with a _ vexed 
expression, “As for what’s above Sequence 7, I have no idea. 
Among all the Nighthawks, perhaps only Captain will know.” 


“Then what about other starting Sequences? The ones that aren’t 
complete?” Klein was satisfied as he changed the subject. 


It had to be said that Rozanne’s description of Sleepless did 
match his imaginations and expectations of Beyonders. 
However, it was not the kind he wished to become. The perfect 
Sequence 9 was likely one that could study and grasp more 
knowledge of the mystery. By doing so, he could leverage on 


them to figure out the reason for his transmigration and lay the 
foundations of his future transmigration back. 


Rozanne thought for a moment before saying with a sigh, “I’m 
not that interested in this aspect. I only know we have more 
than other churches. After all, the Goddess is the Mother of 
Concealment... Well, there should be two or three. Some of our 
teammates are cold and distant, making me fear them. They 
also have a strange smell to them. Some members... Well, I 
mean you should talk to Old Neil. He knows a lot, as well as quite 
a number of interesting magical rituals. Let me think. He once 
mentioned his Sequence 9 title, which is also the name of the 
potion formula... Ah, yes, it’s called Mystery Pryer.” 


Quite a number of interesting magical rituals? Mystery Pryer 
sounds very close to what I want... Klein was slightly delighted. 


“In addition, I also know of the name of a Sequence 7, the kind 
that’s incomplete!” Rozanne said with a flaunting tone. She had 
just thought of it while recollecting. 


“What is it?” Klein was abnormally curious. 


In a world where high Sequencers were scarce to the point of 
them possibly not existing, Sequence 7 was probably considered 
quite a potent force in the Church. 


Rozanne revealed a sweet smile as she replied smugly, “Spirit 
Medium!” 


“Ma’am Daly?” asked Klein subconsciously. 


After his initial surprise, he realized that it was nothing 


unexpected. Only a Sequence 7 Beyonder could achieve such an 
impressive performance as a medium! 


Rozanne’s eyes widened once again as she said in disbelief, “H- 
how do you know of that too?” 


“I've met Ma’am Daly.” Klein did not hide the matter. 


“Alright,” said Rozanne with an envious tone. “If I can become a 
Spirit Medium, one just like Ma’am Daly, then Ill be willing to be 
a Beyonder. No, I'll consider it carefully for ten minutes...” 


“yes, Ma’am Daly fulfills all my imaginations as a Beyonder,” 
echoed Klein in a slightly exaggerated manner. 


Having fulfilled his goals, he chatted idly with Rozanne for a few 
minutes until he realized he was not getting any new 
information. He took off his hat and bowed before leaving. 


As he walked down the stairs, Klein suddenly stopped after 
taking a few steps. He reached out to pat the notes in his inner 
pocket. 


Immediately following that, he took out twelve gold pound notes 
and clenched then tightly in his left palm. Then, he reached his 
hand into his pocket and refused to release or pull them out 
again. Without realizing it, a smile appeared on his face. 


According to the customs of the Foodaholic Empire—China—a 
treat to dinner was in order after earning money! 


It’s time to give Melissa a treat tonight! 


Chapter 22: Site Arm 


As Klein walked down Zouteland and while taking in the warm, 
humid breeze, he suddenly realized something. 


He only had three pence of change. If he returned to Iron Cross 
Street via public carriage, it would cost him four pence. If he 
were to hand over a one-gold pound note, it would be akin to 
using a hundred-dollar bill to buy a bottle of cheap mineral 
water back on Earth. There was nothing wrong with that, but it 
was just quite awkward to do so. 


Should I use three pence to travel three kilometers and walk the 
rest of the journey? Klein reached into his pocket with one hand 
as he slowed down his pace, considering other solutions. 


That won't do! Soon, he rejected the idea. 


It would take him a while to walk the remaining journey. 
Considering how he was carrying twelve pounds—a massive 
fortune—it was not safe! 


Furthermore, he had deliberately not brought the revolver with 
him, afraid that the Nighthawks would confiscate it. If he were 
to encounter the danger that instigated Welch’s death, there was 
no way he could fight back! 


Get some change from a nearby bank? No, no way! There’s a 0.5% 
processing fee. That’s way too extravagant! Klein shook his head 
silently. Just the thought of the fees involved pained his heart! 


Having ruled out one solution after another, Klein’s eyes 


suddenly lit up when he saw a clothing shop in front of him! 


That’s right! Wouldn’t the normal course of action be to buy 
something appropriately priced to get some change? A formal 
suit, shirt, vest, trousers, leather boots, and a cane were all 
within budget. They had to be bought sooner or later! 


Oh, it’s very troublesome when fitting clothes. Besides, Benson 
knows more about this than me and he’s better at bargaining. I 
should consider it only after he’s back... Then should I buy a cane? 
That’s right! As the saying goes, a cane is a gentleman’s best 
choice of defense. It is half as good as a crowbar. A gun in one 
hand and a cane in the other is the combat style of a civilized 
person! After debating internally, Klein made up his mind. He 
turned around and entered the clothing shop, Wilker Clothing 
and Hats. 


The clothing store’s layout resembled the clothing stores on 
Earth. The left wall was filled with rows of formal attires. The 
middle rows were decked with things like shirts, trousers, vests, 
and bowties. On the right were leather shoes and boots placed 
inside glass cabinets. 


“Sir, may I help you?” A male salesperson dressed in a white 
shirt and red vest came over and asked politely. 


In Loen Kingdom, rich and powerful gentlemen of high standing 
enjoyed wearing black suits consisting of white shirts matched 
with black vests and trousers. Their colors were relatively 
monotonous, so they required their male servants, salespeople, 
and service attendants to dress more brightly and colorfully, in 
order to distinguish themselves from their masters. 


In contrast, ladies and mistresses wore dresses of all kinds in 
glamorous fashions. As such, maidservants would wear black 
and white. 


Klein thought for a moment before answering the male 
salesperson’s question. “A cane. Something that’s heavier and 
harder.” 


The kind that can crack the skulls of others! The red-vested 
salesperson sized up Klein furtively before leading him into the 
store. He then pointed at a row of canes in the corner. “That cane 
inlaid with gold is made of Ironheart wood. It’s both very heavy 
and hard, and costs eleven soli seven pence. Do you want to give 
it a try?” 


Eleven soli seven pence? Why don’t you go rob a bank! Big deal 
with the gold inlay! Klein was shocked by the price. 


With an unperturbed expression, he nodded gently. “Alright.” 


The salesperson took down the Ironheart wood cane and 
carefully handed it to Klein, seemingly afraid that Klein would 
drop and break the merchandise. 


Klein took the cane and found it heavy. He tried moving with it 
and discovered that he could not sway it smoothly as he wanted. 


“It’s too heavy.” Klein shook his head in relief. 


This is not an excuse! The salesperson took back the cane and 
pointed at another three canes. 


“This is made of walnut wood, created by Tingen’s most famous 
cane artisan, Mr. Hayes. It’s priced at ten soli three pence... This 
is made of ebony wood and inlaid with silver. It’s as hard as 
iron, costing seven soli six pence... This is made from the core of 
a white boli tree and also inlaid with silver, costing seven soli 


ten pence...” 


Klein tried each one of them and found them of appropriate 
weight. He then tapped them with his fingers to gain an 
understanding of their hardness. Finally, he chose the cheapest 
one. 


“Tll take the one made from ebony wood.” Klein pointed at the 
cane with the silver inlay which the salesperson was holding. 


“No problem, Sir. Please follow me to proceed with the payment. 
In the future, if this cane is scuffed or stained, you can hand it to 
us for handling for free.” The salesperson led Klein to the 
counter. 


Klein took the opportunity to release the four gold-pound notes 
from his tight grip and removed two of the smaller 
denominations. 


“Good day, Sir. It will be seven soli six pence.” The cashier behind 
the counter greeted with a smile. 


Klein was planning on maintaining his gentlemanly image, but 
when he extended his hand with the one-gold pound note, he 
could not help but ask, “Can I get a discount?” 


“Sir, what we have is all hand-crafted, so our costs are very 
high.” the salesperson beside him answered. “Since our boss isn’t 
here, we are unable to lower the prices.” 


The cashier behind the counter added, “Sir, sorry about that.” 


“Alright.” Klein handed the note over and received the black 
silver-inlaid cane. 


While waiting for the change to be given to him, he took a few 
steps back and distanced himself from them. He swung around 
his side arm as a test. 


Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! 


The wind sounded heavy when the cane sliced through the air. 
Klein nodded in satisfaction. 


He looked forward again, prepared to see notes and coins, but 
was appalled to see the red-vested salesperson retreating far 
away. The cashier behind the counter had retracted into a 
corner, leaning close to a double-barreled shotgun hanging to 
the wall. 


The Loen Kingdom had a semi-regulated policy on firearms. To 
possess a firearm, one needed to apply for an all-purpose 
weapon permit or a hunter’s license. Regardless of which type, 
one could still not be in possession of restricted military 
firearms such as repeaters, steam-pressured guns, or six-barrel 
machine guns. 


An all-purpose weapon permit could be used to purchase or store 
any kind of civilian firearm, but earning the certificate was 
extremely troublesome. Even merchants of substantial standing 
might not be approved. A hunter’s license was relatively easy. 
Even farmers in the suburbs could receive approval. However, 
the license was limited to hunting guns with restricted numbers. 
People with sizable assets would tend to apply for one to use it 
for self-defense in emergency situations, such as now... 


Klein looked at the two wary salespeople as the corners of his 


mouth twitched. He chuckled dryly. “Not bad. This cane is perfect 
for swinging. I’m very pleased.” 


Realizing that he had no intention to assault them, the cashier 
behind the counter relaxed. He handed over the notes and coins 
he had taken out over with both hands. 


Klein took a look at what he received and saw two five-soli 
notes, two one-soli notes, a five-pence coin, and a one-penny 
coin. He could not help but nod inwardly. 


After a two-second pause, he ignored the way the salespeople 
looked at him and unfurled the four notes towards the light to 
ensure that the anti-counterfeit watermarks were present. 


Klein put away the notes and coins when he was done. With the 
cane in hand, he tipped his hat and walked out of Wilker 
Clothing and Hats. He extravagantly spent six pence by taking a 
short-distance trackless carriage before transferring once before 
reaching home safe and sound. 


After closing the door, he counted the eleven pounds and twelve 
soli notes thrice before placing them into the desk drawer. He 
then found the bronze revolver with the wooden grip. 


Clink! Clang! Five brass bullets fell onto the table when Klein 
inserted the silver demon hunting bullets which had 
complicated patterns and the Dark Sacred Emblem into the 
revolver’s cylinder. 


Like before, he only inserted five rounds and left an empty spot 
to prevent any misfires. The remaining rounds were placed 
together with the five ordinary bullets in a small iron case. 


Pa! He snapped the cylinder in place, giving him a sense of 
security. 


He excitedly lodged the revolver into the holster at his armpit 
and buckled it securely. Then, he repeatedly practiced 
unbuckling and drawing the gun. He rested whenever his arms 
ached, and this continued until sunset when he heard the 
sounds of tenants walking along the corridor outside. 


Phew! Klein let out a foul breath before putting his revolver back 
into his underarm holster. 


Only then did he take off his formal suit and vest. He wore back 
his usual brownish-yellow coat and swung his arms to relax 
them. 


Tap. Tap. Tap. He heard the sound of nearing footsteps before the 
twisting sound of an inserted key. 


Melissa with her soft, black hair entered. Her nose twitched a 
little as she swept her gaze towards the unlit stove. The luster in 
her eyes dimmed slightly. 


“Klein, rll heat up the leftovers from last night. Benson will 
likely be home tomorrow.” Melissa turned to look at her brother. 


Klein had his hands in his pocket as he leaned against the edge 
of the desk. He smiled and said, “No, let’s eat out.” 


“Eat out?” Melissa questioned in surprise. 


“How does Silver Crown Restaurant at Daffodil Street sound? I 


heard they serve delicious food,” suggested Klein. 


“B-but...” Melissa was still confused. 


Klein grinned and said, “To celebrate my new job.” 


“you found a job?” Melissa’s voice rose unknowingly, “B-but, isn’t 
the Tingen University interview tomorrow?” 


“Another job.” Klein gave a faint smile before fishing the stacked 
notes from the drawer. “They even gave me an advance of four 
weeks’ pay.” 


Melissa looked at the gold pounds and soli as she widened her 
eyes. 


“Goddess... You- they- what job did you get?” 


This... Klein’s expression froze as he deliberated on his words. 


“A security company whose mission is to seek, collect, and 
protect ancient relics. They were in need of a professional 
consultant. It’s a five-year contract, earning me three pounds a 
week.” 


“Were you vexing over this last night?” asked Melissa after a 
moment of silence. 


Klein nodded. “Yes, although being an academic at Tingen 
University is respectable, I prefer this job.” 


“Well, it isn’t bad either.” Melissa gave an encouraging smile. She 
asked half-suspiciously and half-curiously, “Why would they 
give you an advance payment of four full weeks?” 


“It's because we need to move. We need a place with more rooms 
and a bathroom that belongs to us,” said Klein while grinning 
and shrugging. 


He felt that his smile was impeccable, just short of the word: 
“Surprised?” 


Melissa was stunned momentarily before she suddenly spoke 
out in a fluster, “Klein, we are living quite well now. My 
occasional grumblings of not having a personal bathroom is just 
a habit. Do you remember Jenny? She lived next door to us, but 
ever since her father was injured and lost his job, they had no 
choice but to move to Lower Street. The family of five ended up 
staying in one room, with three of them sleeping in a bunk bed 
and two of them sleeping on the ground. They even wish to rent 
the remaining empty spot to someone... 


“Compared to them, we are really very lucky. Don’t waste your 
salary on this matter. Besides, I love Mrs. Smyrin’s bakery.” 


Sis, why is your reaction completely different from how it played 
out in my head... Klein’s expression went blank when he heard 
his sister. 


Chapter 24: Penny-Pincher 


The sky outside was gradually dyed golden as Klein looked into 
Melissa’s eyes. He was momentarily at a loss for words; none of 
the lines he prepared could be used. 


He coughed lightly twice as he quickly racked his brains. 


“Melissa, this isn’t a waste of salary. In the future, my 
colleagues, as well as Benson’s colleagues might visit. Are we 
going to host them in such a place? When Benson and I get 
married and have wives, are we still going to sleep in bunk 
beds?” 


“None of you have fiancées yet, right? We can wait a little while 
and save up more money in the meantime,” answered Melissa 
in a logically concise manner. 


“No, Melissa. This is a societal rule.” Klein was stumped and 
could only count on lofty principles. “Since I’m earning three 
pounds a week, I should look like ’m earning three pounds a 
week.” 


To be honest, having rented an apartment before with others, 
Zhou Mingrui was no stranger to his present living conditions as 
Klein. He was very used to it, but it was because of his past 
experience that he knew how inconvenient such an 
environment was for a girl. Furthermore, his goal was to become 
a Beyonder and study mysticism to find his way home. In the 
future, he was bound to conduct some magical rituals at home. 
Having too many people in the apartment building made 
incidents prone to happen. 


Klein saw that Melissa was about to continue arguing, and 
hurriedly added, “Don’t worry. Tm not planning to get a 
bungalow, but probably a terrace. Basically, it has to have a 
bathroom we can call ours. Also, I like Mrs. Smyrin’s bread, 
Tingen biscuits, and lemon cakes too. We can first consider 
places near Iron Cross Street and Daffodil Street.” 


Melissa pouted her lips slightly and fell silent for a moment 
before nodding slowly. 


“Besides, I'm in no rush to move either. We have to wait for 
Benson to return,” said Klein with a chuckle. “We can’t have him 
be shocked when he opens the door to find nothing, right? 
Imagine him saying in astonishment—’Where are my things? 
Where are my siblings? Where’s my home? Is this my home? Did 
I make a mistake? Goddess, wake me up if this is a dream. Why 
is my home gone after a few days of absence!?” 


His mimicking of Benson’s tone made Melissa involuntarily 
smile as her eyes scrunched up and revealed her shallow 
dimples. 


“No, Mr. Franky would definitely be waiting by the door to get 
Benson to hand over the apartment keys. Benson wouldn't even 
be able to come up.” The girl disparaged the miserly landlord. 


In the Moretti household, all of them would like to make Mr. 
Franky the butt of their jokes for every trivial and major matter. 
It was all thanks to Benson who initiated this practice. 


“Right, there’s no way he would switch locks for the tenants 
after us,” Klein echoed with a smile. He pointed at the door and 
quipped, “Miss Melissa, shall we head to Silver Crown Restaurant 
for a celebration?” 


Melissa sighed gently and said, “Klein, do you know Selena? My 
classmate and my good friend?” 


Selena? An image of a girl with wine-red hair and deep brown 
eyes surfaced in Klein’s mind. Her parents were Evernight 
Goddess believers. They had named her after St. Selena as a 
blessing. She was not yet sixteen, and was half a year younger 
than Melissa. She was a happy, cheerful, and outgoing lady. 


“Yes.” Klein nodded in affirmation. 


“Her elder brother, Chris, is a lawyer. He currently earns close to 
three pounds a week as well. His fiancée works part time as a 
typist,” described Melissa. “They have been engaged for more 
than four years. To ensure a decent and stable life after 
marriage, they are still saving money to this very day. They have 
yet to go down the wedding aisle and plan to wait for at least 
another year. According to Selena, there are many people like 
her brother. They typically get married after twenty-eight. You 
have to make advanced preparations and save up. Don’t 
squander your money.” 


It’s just a meal at a restaurant. Is there a need to preach at me... 
Klein was rendered at a loss whether to laugh or cry. After a few 
seconds of thought, he said, “Melissa, I’m already earning three 
pounds a week, and Ill have increments every year. There’s no 
need for you to worry.” 


“But we need to save some money in the case of any unexpected 
emergencies. For example, what if that security company 
suddenly closes down? I have a classmate whose father’s 
company went bankrupt. He had to find temporary work at the 
pier and their living conditions turned terrible instantly. She had 
no choice but to quit school,” advised Melissa with a serious 
expression. 


“ ” 
eee 


Klein extended his hand to cover his face. “T-that security 
company and the government... Yes, it has some connections 
with the government. It will not easily close down.” 


“But even the government isn’t stable. After every election, if the 
party in power changes, many people will have their positions 
stripped off. It turns into a mess.” Melissa retorted in an 
unyielding manner. 


...SiS, you sure know a lot... Klein found the humor in his 
exasperation as he shook his head. “Alright then... 


“Then I'll boil some soup with the leftovers from yesterday. Buy 
some pan-fried fish, a slab of black-pepper beef, a small bottle of 
butter, and a cup of malt beer for me. Anyway, there should still 
be some celebration.” 


They were commonly-sold items by hawkers on Iron Cross 
Street. A piece of pan-fried fish was six to eight pence; a not-so- 
big piece of black-peppered beef was five pence; a cup of malt 
beer was a penny; and a bottle of butter weighing about a 
quarter pound was four pence, but buying a pound of butter 
would only cost one soli three pence. 


The original Klein was responsible for buying ingredients during 
holidays, so he was no stranger to the prices. Klein did a mental 
estimate that Melissa would need about one soli six pence. 
Therefore, he took out two one-soli notes. 


“Alright.” Melissa did not object to Klein’s proposal. She put down 
her backpack of stationery and took the notes. 


When he saw his sister taking out a tiny bottle for the butter and 
pots for the other food before briskly walking to the door, Klein 
thought for a moment and shouted out to her. “Melissa, use the 


remaining money to buy some fruits.” 


There were many hawkers on Iron Cross Street who would buy 
low-quality or expiring fruits from other places. The residents 
were not outraged about this because the prices were extremely 
cheap. They could taste the magnificent flavors after removing 
the rotten parts, so it was a cheap enjoyment. 


With that said, Klein took a few brisk steps forward and took out 
the remaining copper pennies from his pocket and stuffed it into 
his sister’s palm. 


“Ah?” Melissa’s brown eyes looked at her brother in puzzlement. 


Klein took two steps back and smiled. “Remember to go to Mrs. 
Smyrin’s. Reward yourself with a tiny lemon cake.” 


“..” Melissa’s mouth widened as she blinked. Finally, she said a 
single word, “Okay.” 


She quickly turned around, opened the door, and ran toward the 
stairwell. 


A river tore through the land, with cedar and maple trees lining 
the banks; the air so fresh, it was intoxicating. 


Klein, who was here to put closure to his interview, had his 
revolver with him. He held his cane and paid six pence for the 
public carriage. He walked down a cemented path and 
approached a three-story stone building which was shaded by 


greenery. It was Tingen University’s administrative block. 


“It’s truly worthy of being one of the two major universities of 
the Loen Kingdom...” With this being his first time here, Klein 
sighed as he walked. 


Compared to Tingen University, Khoy University right across the 
river could only be described as shabby. 


“Heave-ho!” 


“Heave-ho!” 


Voices approached slowly as two rowing boats made their way 
upstream across the Khoy River. Oars were being rowed in an 
orderly and rhythmic manner. 


This was a rowing sport that was popular among all the 
universities in the Loen Kingdom. With Klein requiring a 
scholarship to finance his university studies, he, Welch, and the 
others had joined Khoy University’s rowing club and were pretty 
good at it. 


“This is youth...” Klein stopped and looked into the distance 
before sighing wistfully. 


Such sights would no longer be seen in another week since 
school would break for summer. 


As he proceeded down a road sheltered by trees, Klein stopped by 
a three-story stone building. He entered after successfully 
registering himself and easily found his way to the office of the 


person who had tended to him the other time. 


Knock! Knock! Knock! He knocked lightly on the half-closed door. 


“Come in.” A man’s voice sounded from inside. 


A middle-aged instructor dressed in a white shirt and black 
tuxedo frowned when he saw Klein enter. “There’s another hour 
until the interview.” 


“Mr. Stone, do you still remember me? I’m a student of Senior 
Associate Professor Cohen, Klein Moretti. You have read my 
recommendation letter before.” Klein smiled as he took off his 
hat. 


Harvin Stone stroked his black beard and asked, puzzled, “Is 
there something wrong? I’m not in charge of interviews.” 


“Here’s the situation. I've already found a job, so I won't be 
participating in the interview today.” Klein gave his reason for 
coming. 


“I see...” When Harvin Stone learned of the reason, he stood up 
and reached out his right hand. “Congratulations. You are really 
a polite lad. I will inform the professor and senior associate 
professors.” 


Klein shook Harvin’s hand and planned on making a little small 
talk before bidding him farewell when he heard a familiar voice 
behind him. 


“Moretti, you found another job?” 


Klein turned around and saw an elder with a head of silver hair 
that left a deep impression on his silhouette. His deep, blue eyes 
sunk deep into his face and he had few wrinkles. The man 
looked sharp in his black tuxedo. 


“Good afternoon, Mentor. Mr. Azik,” he hurriedly greeted. “Why 
are the two of you here?” 


The elder was none other than Senior Associate Professor of 
Khoy University’s history department, who was also his mentor, 
Mr. Quentin Cohen. Beside Cohen was a middle-aged man with 
bronze-colored skin of average build. He did not have any facial 
hair and held a newspaper in his hand. His hair was black and 
his pupils brown. His facial features were soft as his eyes 
revealed an indescribable sense of weariness like it had seen the 
vicissitudes of life. Beneath his right ear was a black mole which 
could only be seen if looked at carefully. 


Klein recognized him since he was Khoy University’s history 
department lecturer, Mr. Azik, who often helped the original 
Klein. He enjoyed debating with his mentor, Senior Associate 
Professor Cohen. They often had a clash of opinion, but even so, 
they were best friends; otherwise, they would not have enjoyed 
meeting up for a chat. 


Cohen nodded and said with a relaxed tone, “Azik and I are here 
to participate in an academic conference. What kind of job did 
you get?” 


“Its a security company which seeks, collects, and protects 
ancient relics. They were in need of a professional consultant 
and are paying me three pounds a week.” Klein repeated what he 
said to his sister yesterday. Following that, he explained, “As you 
know, | prefer exploring history, instead of summarizing it.” 


Cohen nodded slightly and said, “Everyone has their own 


choices. I'm very happy that you bothered to come to Tingen 
University to inform them instead of just not showing up.” 


At that moment, Azik interjected, “Klein, do you know what 
happened to Welch and Naya? I read in the newspapers that they 
were killed by burglars.” 


The incident has become a case of armed burglary? And why is it 
already in the newspapers? Klein was taken aback as he weighed 
over his words. 


“Tm not very clear of the specifics as well. Welch had obtained a 
diary of the Solomon Empire’s Antigonus family from the Fourth 
Epoch. He sought my help in interpreting it. I helped them for 
the first few days, but I later got busy with job hunting. The 
police even came to me two days ago.” 


He deliberately divulged the matter regarding the Solomon 
Empire and the Antigonus family in hopes of getting any 
information from the two history teachers. 


“The Fourth Epoch...” Cohen muttered with a frown. 


The bronze-skinned and weary eyes of Azik went blank first 
before he inhaled. He rubbed his temple with his newspaper- 
wielding left hand and said, “Antigonus... rings a bell... But why 
can’t I remember...” 


Chapter 25: Cathellral 


While Azik muttered to himself, he subconsciously shot a glance 
at Quentin Cohen, seemingly hoping for hints to jolt his 
memories. 


Cohen, with his deep set blue eyes, shook his head without any 
hesitation. “I do not have any impression of it.” 


“Alright then. Perhaps, it just shares a root word.” Azik lowered 
his left hand and gave a self-deprecating laugh. 


Klein was rather disappointed with the outcome, and he could 
not help but add on. “Mentor, Mr. Azik, as both of you know, I’m 
very interested in exploring and restoring the history of the 
Fourth Epoch. If you ever recall anything or obtain relevant 
information, could you please write to me?” 


“No problem.” As a result of Klein’s actions today, the silver- 
haired Senior Associate Professor was rather pleased with him. 


Azik also nodded and said, “Is your address still the same as 
before?” 


“For now, but I'll be moving soon. I'll write a letter to inform you 
when the time comes,” replied Klein in a respectful manner. 


Cohen shook his black cane and said, “It’s indeed about time you 
moved to a place with a better environment.” 


At that moment, Klein caught a glance at the newspaper in 


Azik’s hand. He deliberated on his words before saying, “Mentor, 
Mr. Azik, what did the newspapers say regarding Welch and 
Naya? I only learned a little from the police who were in charge 
of the investigations.” 


Azik was just about to answer when Cohen suddenly pulled out 
the pocket watch that was linked to his black tuxedo by a golden 
chain. 


Click! He opened the pocket watch and tapped his cane. 


“The meeting is about to begin. Azik, we can’t be delayed any 
further. Give the newspaper to Moretti.” 


“Alright.” Azik handed over the newspaper he had read to Klein. 
“We will be going upstairs. Remember to write a letter. Our 
address has yet to change; it’s still the Khoy University History 
Department Office. Haha.” 


He laughed as he turned around and left the room with Cohen. 


Klein took off his hat and bowed. After watching the two 
gentlemen leave, he bade farewell to owner of the office, Harvin 
Stone. He proceeded across the corridor and slowly exited the 
gray three-story building. 


With his back against the sun, he lifted up his cane and unfolded 
the newspaper and saw the title: “Tingen Morning Post.” 


Tingen sure has all sorts of newspapers and magazines... There is 
the Morning Post, Evening Post, the Honest Paper, Backlund Daily 
Tribune, Tussock Times, family magazines and book reviews... 
Klein casually recalled the several names that surfaced in his 


mind. Of course, a number of them were not local. They were 
distributed via steam locomotives. 


Now that the papermaking and printing industries were getting 
more advanced, the cost of a newspaper has already decreased to 
the price of a penny. The audience it reached also grew wider 
and wider. 


Klein did not scrutinize the details of the newspaper, quickly 
flipping to the News section with the report “Armed Burglary 
Murder.” 


“According to the police department, the scene at Mr. Welch’s 
home was a horrible sight. There was missing gold, jewelry, and 
money, as well as anything valuable that could be easily taken 
away. Not even a penny was left behind. There is reason to 
believe that this was done by a merciless group of criminals that 
would not hesitate to kill the innocent, such as Mister Welch and 
Madam Naya, once sight of their faces were caught.” 


“This is outright contempt for our kingdom’s laws! This is a 
challenge to public security! No one wishes to have such an 
encounter! Of course, one piece of good news is that the police 
have located the murderer and captured the main culprit. We 
will do our best to provide news on any follow-ups.” 


“Reporter: John Browning.” 


The matter has been handled and covered up... AS Klein walked 
through the boulevard, he nodded in a hardly noticeable 
manner. 


He flipped through the newspaper as he strolled down the path, 
reading the other news articles and serials in the process. 


Suddenly, he felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand, as 
though needles were stabbing at him. 


Someone is watching me? Observing me? Monitoring me? Various 
thoughts welled up in him as klein had a faint realization. 


Back on Earth, he had once felt an invisible gaze before 
ultimately discovering the source of the gaze. However, it had 
never felt as crystal clear as what he was experiencing now! 


This was the same in the original Klein’s memory fragments! 


Was it the transmigration or the mysterious luck enhancement 
ritual which enhanced my sixth sense? Klein fought back the urge 
to seek out the observer. Using his knowledge from reading 
novels and watching movies, he slowed his pace and put away 
the newspaper before looking toward Khoy River. 


Following that, he acted as if he was admiring the scenery, 
slowly turning his head in different directions. He acted natural 
as he turned around, taking in everything with his eyes. 


Other than the trees, grassy plains, and students passing by in 
the distance, there was no other person there. 


But Klein was certain that someone was watching him! 


This... Klein’s heart raced as his blood surged through his body 
with the intense thumping. 


He unfolded the papers and covered half his face, afraid that 
anyone would discover anything wrong with his expression. 


Meanwhile, he clenched his cane and readied himself to draw 
his gun. 


One step. Two steps. Three steps. Klein proceeded forward slowly. 


The feeling of being spied upon remained, but there was no 
sudden outburst of danger. 


He walked through the boulevard in a somewhat stiff manner 
and arrived at the waiting point for public carriages when a 
carriage pulled up coincidentally. 


“Iron... Zoute... No, Champagne Street.” Klein continually 
dismissed his thoughts. 


He originally planned on heading home immediately, but he was 
afraid of leading an observer of unknown motives to his 
apartment. Following that, he thought of heading to Zouteland 
Street to seek help from the Nighthawks or his colleagues. 
However, he thought otherwise, afraid that he would end up 
alerting his enemy and expose the Nighthawks. Therefore, he 
casually chose somewhere else. 


“Six pence,” the ticketing officer replied routinely. 


Klein did not bring any gold pounds with him today. He had 
hidden the money in the usual spot and had only taken two soli 
notes with him. And before he came, he had spent the same 
amount of money, leaving him with one soli six pence. 
Therefore, he took out all his coins and handed them to the 
ticketing officer. 


He found a seat after boarding the carriage, and finally with the 


closing of the carriage doors, Klein felt that unease of being 
watched vanish! 


He exhaled slowly as he felt his limbs tingle slightly. 


What do I do? 


What should I do next? Klein looked out the carriage as he racked 
his brains for a solution. 


Until he was clear about the intentions of the person watching 
him, Klein had to assume that there was malicious intent! 


Many thoughts sprang up in his mind, but he dismissed them. 
He had never experienced such an event, and had to use a few 
minutes to organize his ideas. 


He had to notify the Nighthawks; only they could truly get rid of 
this threat! 


But I can’t head there directly or I might expose them. Perhaps, 
that might be their goal... 


Following this train of thought, Klein crudely surmised various 
possibilities as his thoughts turned clearer. 


Ffffffff! He exhaled as he regained some semblance of composure. 
He looked seriously at the scenery outside flying past him. 


There were no accidents along the way to Champagne Street, but 
when Klein opened the door and stepped out of the car, he 


immediately had the uneasy feeling of being watched again! 


He acted as though he had not sensed anything. He took the 
newspaper and his cane, slowly making his way in the direction 
of Zouteland Street. 


But he did not enter that street. Instead, he took another route to 
the Red Moonlight Street behind. There was a beautiful white 
plaza there, as well as a large cathedral with a pointy roof! 


Saint Selena Cathedral! 


The Tingen headquarters of the Church of Evernight! 


As a believer, there was nothing odd about him participating in 
Mass or praying on his day off. 


The cathedral exhibited a design similar to Earth’s Gothic style. It 
also had a tall, black, and imposing clock tower, situated 
between blue and red checkered windows. 


Klein stepped into the cathedral and followed an aisle into the 
prayer hall. Along the way, the stained windows were composed 
of red and blue glass patterns that allowed colored light to shine 
into the hall. The blue was closer to black, the red the same color 
as the crimson moon. It made the surroundings seem unusually 
dark and mysterious. 


The feeling of being watched vanished. Klein acted unfazed as he 
walked toward the open prayer hall. 


There were no high windows here. The deep darkness was 


emphasized, but behind the arc-shaped holy altar, on the wall 
directly opposite the door, were about twenty circular fist-sized 
holes that allowed the radiant sunlight to enter the hall. 


It was akin to pedestrians seeing the starry sky when suddenly 
looking up into the dark night to see the shimmering stars in all 
their nobility, purity, and holiness. 


Even though Klein had always believed that gods could be 
analyzed and understood, he could not help but lower his head 
here. 


The bishop was preaching in a gentle tone as Klein silently made 
his way down the aisle that split the pews into two columns. He 
searched for an empty area close to the passageway before 
slowly taking a Seat. 


Leaning his cane onto the back of the pew in front of him, Klein 
took off his hat and placed it onto his lap together with the 
newspaper. Then he clasped his hands together and lowered his 
head. 


The entire process was done slowly and routinely as though he 
was really there to pray. 


Klein closed his eyes as he silently listened to the bishop’s voice 
in the darkness. 


“Lacking clothes and food, they have no covering in the cold. 


“They are drenched by rains, and huddle around the rocks for 
lack of shelter. 


“They are orphans snatched from the breast, hope lost on them; 
they are the poor that have been forced off the proper path. 


“The Evernight did not forsake them, but bestowed them with 
love [1].” 


Echoes amplified as they entered his ear. Klein saw a swath of 
darkness in front of him as he felt his spirit and mind cleansed. 


He calmly took it in until the bishop finished his preachings and 
ended Mass. 


After which, the bishop opened a confessional door beside him. 
Men and women began lining up. 


Klein opened his eyes and donned his hat once more. With his 
cane and newspaper, he stood up and found his place in line. 


It was his turn after more than twenty minutes. 


He stepped in and closed the door behind him. There was 
darkness in front of him. 


“My child, what do you wish to say?” The bishop’s voice sounded 
from behind the wooden damper screen. 


Klein took out the ‘Seventh Unit, Special Operations Department’ 
badge from his pocket and handed it over to the bishop through 
an opening. 


“Someone is tailing me. I wish to find Dunn Smith.” As though 
he had been infected by the silent darkness, his tone turned 
softer as well. 


The bishop took the badge and after a few seconds of silence, he 
said, “Turn right from the confession booth and walk to the end. 
There will be a secret door to the side. Someone will lead the way 
after you enter.” 


As he spoke, he pulled a rope inside the room, causing a 
particular priest to hear a chime. 


Klein retrieved his badge and took off his hat and pressed it to 
his chest. He gave a slight bow before turning around and 
exiting. 


After confirming that the feeling of being watched was gone, he 
wore his halved top hat. Without any excessive emotions, he 
held his cane and turned right, until he arrived by an arched 
altar. 


He found the secret door in the wall facing his side. He silently 
opened it before sneaking in quickly. 


The secret door closed silently as a middle-aged, black-robed 
priest appeared under the illumination of gas lamps. 


“What is it?” the priest asked tersely. 


Klein showed his badge and repeated what he said to the bishop. 


The middle-aged priest did not ask further questions. He turned 


around and proceeded forward in silence. 


Klein nodded and took off his hat. With his black cane, he 
followed silently in tow. 


Rozanne had once mentioned that heading left from the 
crossroads towards Chanis Gate would reach Saint Selena 
Cathedral. 


1. Adapted from Job 24:8, Old Testament. 


Chapter 26: Practice 


Tap! Tap! Tap! The sound of footsteps echoed through the dark, 
narrow corridor, which was otherwise silent. 


Klein kept his back straight as he kept up with the priest’s pace. 
He did not pose questions or chat idly with him, remaining 
silent like a windless body of water. 


After passing through the heavily guarded passageway, the priest 
opened a secret door with a key and pointed down a stairwell 
made of stone. “Turn left at the intersection to reach Chanis 
Gate.” 


“May Goddess bless you.” Klein gestured the sign of the crimson 
moon on his chest. 


Commoners practiced etiquette, while the religious partook in 
ritual blessings. 


“Praise the Lady.” The priest returned with the same gesture. 


Klein did not speak further as he walked down the dark stone 
stairwell with the aid of the refined inlaid gas lamps on both 
sides of the wall. 


Midway, he subconsciously turned back and saw the priest 
standing at the entrance. He was in the shadows and appeared 
like an immobile wax statue. 


Klein looked away and continued to proceed down. It did not 


take long before he hit ground laid with ice-cold stone slabs. This 
led him to the intersection. 


He did not turn towards Chanis Gate because Dunn Smith, who 
had recently finished his shift, was definitely not there. 


He turned right and saw the familiar path. Klein went back up 
another flight of stairs and appeared inside Blackthorn Security 
Company. 


Seeing doors that were tightly shut or half-closed, he did not 
rush into them. Instead, he went to the reception and saw a 
brown-haired girl focused on a magazine with a sweet smile. 


“Hi, Rozanne.” Klein came to her side and deliberately rapped the 
table. 


Knock! Rozanne stood up suddenly and knocked over a chair and 
said in a fluster, “Hi, nice weather today. Y-you, Klein, why are 
you here?” 


She patted her chest and heaved a few sighs of relief. She was 
like a young lady afraid that her father had caught her skiving. 


“I need to find Captain,” answered Klein simply. 


“You gave me a fright. I thought Captain came out.” Rozanne 
glared at Klein. “Don’t you know how to knock!? Hmph, you 
should be thankful that ’m a tolerant and kind woman. Well, I 
do prefer the term lady... Is there a reason why you are looking 
for Captain? He’s in the room opposite Mrs. Orianna.” 


Even though he felt uptight, Klein was so amused by Rozanne he 
smiled. He pondered for a moment before saying, “A secret.” 


“ ” 
eee 


Rozanne’s eyes widened and while she reeled in her 
disbelief, Klein did a slight bow before bidding her farewell. 


He went through the reception’s partition and knocked on the 
door of the first office on the right. 


“Come in.” Dunn Smith’s deep and gentle voice sounded. 


Klein pushed the door and opened before closing the door behind 
him. He took off his hat and bowed. “Good morning, Captain.” 


“Good morning, how can I help you?” Dunn’s black trench coat 
and hat were hanging on a clothes stand to his side. He was 
dressed in a white shirt and black vest. Even though his hairline 
was rather high, his gray eyes were deep, and he appeared much 
fresher. 


“Someone is following me.” Klein honestly answered without 
any embellishments. 


Dunn leaned back and clasped his hands together. His deep gray 
eyes silently looked at Klein’s eyes. He did not follow up on the 
topic of being followed and instead, asked, “You came from the 
cathedral?” 


“Yes.” Klein answered. 


Dunn nodded gently. He did not comment on its merits or 
demerits as he switched the subject back. “It might be that 


Welch’s father doesn’t believe the cause of death that we 
reported and had hired a private investigator from Wind City to 
investigate the matter.” 


Midseashire’s Constant City was also known as Wind City. It was 
a region with extremely advanced coal and steel industries. It 
was one of the top three cities of Loen Kingdom. 


Before waiting for Klein to give his opinion, Dunn continued, “It 
might also be a result of that notebook. Heh, we happened to be 
investigating where Welch received the Antigonus family’s 
notebook. Of course, we can’t eliminate other people or 
organizations that might be seeking out this notebook.” 


“What should I do?” Klein asked in a serious voice. 


Without a question, he hoped that it was the first reason. 


Dunn did not immediately answer him. He raised his coffee mug 
and took a mouthful, his eyes not showing the sliver of a ripple. 
“Return the way you came, then do anything you wish.” 


“Anything?” Klein returned with a question. 


“Anything.” Dunn nodded with certainty. “Of course, do not scare 
them off or violate the law.” 


“Alright.” Klein took a deep breath and bade him farewell. He left 
the room and went back underground. 


He turned left at the intersection, and bathed in the light from 
the gas lamps on the two walls, he arrived silently to the empty, 


dark, and cold passageway. 


The sound of his footsteps echoed, making him sound more 
alone and terrified. 


Soon, Klein arrived at the stairwell. He went forward and saw a 
shadow standing there—the middle-aged priest. 


The two did not say a word when they met. The priest turned 
around in silence and made way. 


He proceeded silently before returning to the prayer hall. The 
circular holes behind the arched altar were still as pure and 
bright, while the darkness and silence of the building’s interior 
remained. There were still men and women lining outside the 
confessional, but much fewer than before. 


After waiting for a moment, Klein slowly left the prayer hall 
with his cane and newspaper as though nothing had ever 
happened, successfully leaving Saint Selena Cathedral. 


The moment he walked out, he saw the burning sun. He 
immediately regained the familiar feeling of being observed. He 
felt like he was prey being eyed by a hawk. 


Suddenly, a question surfaced in his mind. 


Why didn’t the “observer” follow me into the cathedral? Although I 
could have still used the dark environment and the priest to 
conceal my temporary disappearance, would it be hard for him to 
continue monitoring me by pretending to pray? If he had not done 
something wrong, there would be no problem walking in with an 
open and aboveboard manner, right? Unless the person has some 


dark history, making him afraid of the Church or fear the 
bishop, knowing that he might have the powers of a Beyonder. 


In that case, the likelihood of it being a private investigator is very 
slim... Klein exhaled and no longer acted as nervous as he was 
previously. He took a casual stroll before going around and to the 
back of Zouteland Street. 


He stopped at an ancient-styled building with mottled walls. The 
address on the door was °3.’ Its name was the Zouteland Shooting 
Club. 


Part of the police department’s underground shooting range was 
opened to the public as a way to earn some additional funds. 


Klein went in and the feeling of being watched vanished 
instantly. He took this opportunity to hand over his Special 
Operations Department badge to the attendant. 


After a short verification, he was led underground to a small, 
confined shooting range. 


“Ten-meter target.” Klein informed the attendant simply. Next, 
he retrieved the revolver from his underarm holster and the box 
of brass bullets from his pocket. 


The feeling of being suddenly targeted made his desire to protect 
himself win over his procrastination. Therefore, he could not 
wait to come over to practice his shooting. 


Pa! After the attendant left, he flicked open the cylinder and 
removed the silver demon hunting bullets. Following that, he 
filled the cylinder with normal brass bullets. 


This time, neither did he leave an empty spot to prevent 
misfiring, nor did he take off his formal attire and halved top 
hat. He planned on practicing in his usual getup. After all, it was 
impossible for him to shout “wait a minute, let me change into 
something more comfortable” after encountering an enemy or 
danger. 


Click! Klein closed the cylinder and rolled it with his thumb. 


Suddenly, he held the gun in both hands, raised it up straight, 
and aimed at the target more than ten meters away. 


However, he was in no hurry to shoot. Instead, he recalled his 
experience at military training [1], how to form a line with the 
iron-sights, and knowledge about a gun’s recoil. 


Rustle! Rustle! While his clothes rustled, Klein repeated his 
aiming and his holding stance. He was as serious as a student 
taking a high-school exam. 


After repeating it several times, he retreated to the wall and sat 
down on a long, soft bench. He placed the revolver to the side, 
began massaging his arms, and rested for quite a while. 


He spent a few minutes recalling his practice before he picked up 
the revolver with the wooden handle and bronze cylinder. He got 
into standard firing position and pulled the trigger. 


Bang! His arm trembled as his body moved back from the recoil. 
The bullet missed the target. 


Bang! Bang! Bang! Drawing from the experience he gained, he 
shot again and again until all six rounds were finished. 


I’m starting to hit the target... Klein stepped back and sat down 
again as he exhaled. 


Click! He swung the cylinder out and allowed the six shells to fall 
to the ground. Then, without a change in expression, he inserted 
the remaining brass rounds in. 


After relaxing his arm, Klein stood up again and returned to his 
shooting position. 


Bang! Bang! Bang! Ringing shots echoed as the target shook. 
Klein practiced and rested repeatedly. He expended all thirty 
normal rounds and the remaining five from before. He gradually 
hit the target and started aiming for the bull’s eye. 


He swung his sore shoulders and threw out the final five shells. 
He lowered his head and inserted the demon hunting bullets 
with the complicated patterns back into the gun, leaving an 
empty spot to prevent misfiring. 


After putting the revolver back into his underarm holster, Klein 
patted the dust from his body and walked out the shooting range 
to return to the streets. 


The feeling of being observed arose once again. Klein felt calmer 
than he previously felt as he slowly walked to Champagne Street. 
He spent four pence on a tracked carriage to return to Iron Cross 
Street before returning to his own apartment. 


The feeling of being spied upon vanished without a trace. Klein 
took out his keys and opened the door to see a short-haired man 
nearing his thirties and wearing a linen shirt seated at a desk. 


His heart tensed up before relaxing immediately. Klein greeted 
with a smile, “Good morning—no—good afternoon, Benson.” 


This man was none other than Klein’s and Melissa’s elder 
brother, Benson Moretti. He was only twenty-five this year, but 
his receding hairline and decrepit appearance made him look 
nearly thirty. 


He had black hair and brown eyes, resembling Klein somewhat, 
but he lacked the faint scholarly air which Klein had. 


“Good afternoon, Klein. How was the interview?” Benson stood 
up as he grinned. 


His black coat and halved top hat were hanging on a protrusion 
of their bunk bed. 


“Horrible,” Klein replied in a deadpan manner. 


When he saw Benson stunned, Klein chuckled and added, “In 
fact, I didn’t even participate in the interview. I found a job 
ahead of the interview and it pays three pounds a week...” 


He repeated what he told Melissa again. 


Benson’s expression calmed down as he shook his head with a 
laugh. “It feels like 'm seeing a child grow up... Well, this job is 
pretty good.” He sighed and said, “It’s great that the first thing I 
heard is such good news after being away for work. Let’s 
celebrate tonight and buy some beef?” 


Klein smiled. “Sure, but I believe Melissa will feel the pinch. Let’s 


buy some ingredients later in the afternoon? Let’s bring at least 
three soli? Well, to be honest, a pound exchanges for twenty soli, 
and one soli exchanges for twelve pence. There are even 
denominations like the halfpence and quarterpence. Such a coin 
system just goes against logic. It’s so troublesome. I think it must 
be one of the most foolish coin systems in the world.” 


When he said that, he saw Benson’s expression turn stern. 
Feeling a little unease, he wondered if he had said anything 
wrong. 


Could it be that in the lost memory fragments of the original 
klein, Benson was an outright, extreme nationalist who showed no 
tolerance for any negativity? Benson took a few steps and refuted 
him with a stern expression. “No, it is not one of, but the most 
foolish coin system.” 


Not one of! Klein was taken aback, but he quickly snapped to his 
senses. He looked at his brother in the eye and laughed. 


Indeed, Benson was great at mocking humor. 


Benson lifted the corners of his lips and said in all seriousness, 
“you should understand that to institute a reasonable and 
simple coin system, one needs to know how to count and grasp 
the decimal system. Unfortunately, there are too few talents 
among those important figures.” 


1.This does not mean Zhou Mingrui was a soldier. 
Students in China are made to attend short military 
stints during their schooling days for short periods of 
time. 


Chapter 27: Siblings’ Dinner 


It’s simply sharp and incisive... Klein burst out in laughter. Using 
the rich experience he had from his previous incarnation, he 
added another insult. “In fact, there is no evidence to suggest 
that those important figures have any brains at all.” 


“Good! Very good!” Benson roared with laughter as he gave a 
thumbs up. “Klein, you are a lot more humorous than before.” 


After taking a breath, he continued, “I have to go to the pier in 
the afternoon. I’m only off work tomorrow. After that rll have 
time... to go to Tingen City Housing Improvement Company with 
the both of you. Let’s see if they have cheap and good terrace 
houses for rent. Also, I need to pay Mr. Franky a visit.” 


“Our landlord?” the perplexed Klein asked. Does our current 
landlord have some terrace houses from pretty good districts 
under his name? 


Benson shot his brother a glance and said, amused, “Have you 
forgotten the one-year rental contract we have with him? It has 
only been six months.” 


“Hiss...” Klein immediately drew a gasp of cold air. 
He had really forgotten the matter! 


Although rent was paid once a week, the lease was a year long. If 
they were to move now, it was equivalent to a breach in 
contract. If they were taken to court, they would have to 
compensate large sums of money! 


“you are still lacking in societal experience.” Benson touched his 
receding black hairline and said wistfully, “This was a clause I 
fought so hard back then. If not, Mr. Franky was only willing to 
lease it to us for three months each contract. To those with 
money, landlords would sign leases for a year, two years, or even 
three years to seek stable income. But for us—the past us—and 
our neighbors, landlords would have to be constantly worried 
that something bad might happen, depriving them of their rent. 
Therefore, they would only sign short-term contracts. 


“In that case, they can offer to raise prices according to the 
situation.” Klein summarized and added, using the original 
Klein’s memories and his own experience as a tenant. 


Benson sighed and said, “This is the cruel reality of today’s 
society. Alright, you don’t have to worry. The issue with the 
contract can be easily resolved. To be frank, even if we owe him 
a week’s rent, Mr. Franky would have immediately thrown us 
out and confiscated whatever valuable items we have. After all, 
his intelligence is below that of a curly-haired baboon’s. There’s 
no way he can comprehend overly complicated matters.” 


Upon hearing this, Klein suddenly recalled a particular Sir 
Humphrey's meme. He shook his head and said seriously, “No, 
Benson. You are wrong.” 


“Why?” Benson was puzzled. 


“Mr. Franky’s intelligence is still slightly higher than a baboon’s,” 
Klein replied in all seriousness. Just as Benson seemed to smile 
in response, he added, “If he is on form.” 


“Haha.” Benson lost it and burst out in laughter. 


After a series of rapturous laughter, he pointed at Klein, 


momentarily unable to put his thoughts in words. Only then, he 
returned to the topic at hand. 


“Of course, as a gentleman, we cannot employ such shameless 
tactics. I will discuss this with Mr. Franky tomorrow. Believe me, 
he’s easily convinced, easily.” 


Klein had no doubts regarding Benson’s point. The existence of 
the gas pipes was excellent proof. 


After some idle chatter between the brothers, the remnants of 
pan-fried fish from the previous night were made into a soup 
with some vegetables. During the boiling process, the steam 
moistened the rye bread. 


Smearing a little butter on the bread, Klein and Benson had a 
simple meal, but they were very satisfied with it. After all the 
fragrance and sweetness of butter brought them endless 
aftertastes. 


After Benson left, Klein headed to the Lettuce and Meat market 
with three Soli notes and some spare pennies. He spent six pence 
on a pound of beef and seven pence on a fresh and succulent fish 
with few bones. Additionally, he bought potatoes, peas, radishes, 
rhubarbs, lettuce, and turnips, as well as spices such as 
rosemary, basil, cumin, and cooking oils. 


During this entire time, he continued to feel like he was being 
watched, but there was no physical interaction. 


After spending some time at Smyrin Bakery, Klein returned 
home and began weight-lifting with heavier items such as books 
to train his arm strength. 


He had planned to exercise by military boxing, which he learned 
from his compulsory military stint for students. However, he 
had already forgotten the radio exercise routines from school, 
much less boxing which was only taught during the military 
stints. Exasperated, he could only do something simpler. 


Klein did not overexert himself since it would lead to fatigue and 
thus put him in greater danger. He took an appropriate break 
and began reading the original Klein’s notes and study material. 
He wished to read anything regarding the Fourth Epoch again. 


In the evening, Benson and Melissa sat in front of a desk. The 
food was placed neatly like children in upper primary school. 


The fragrances of the dishes were composed of a rich melody of 
scents—the soul captivating fragrance of the stewed beef, the 
obviously tender potatoes, the sweetness of the thick pea soup, 
the mellow flavors of the stewed rhubarb, and the sweetness of 
the buttered rye bread. 


Benson gulped a mouthful of saliva as he turned around to see 
Klein placing a crispy fish onto a plate. He felt the fragrance of 
the oil permeate through his nostrils into his throat and then 
into his stomach. 


Groan! His stomach made a distinct protest. 


Klein rolled up his sleeves and held up a plate of fried fish before 
placing it in the middle of the tidied desk. Following that, he 
returned to the cupboard and took out two large cups of ginger 
beer and placed them where he and Benson sat. 


He smiled at Melissa and took out a lemon pudding as if he were 
performing a magic trick. “We'll have beer, while you'll have 
this.” 


“Thank you.” Melissa took the lemon pudding. 


When Benson saw this, he raised his cup and said with a smile, 
“This is to celebrate Klein’s finding of a decent job.” 


Klein raised his cup and clinked it with Benson before clinking it 
with Melissa’s lemon pudding. “Praise the Lady!” 


Gulp. He tilted his head back and drank it down. The spicy 
feeling warmed his gullet, bringing him great aftertastes. 


Despite its name, ginger beer did not contain any alcohol. It was 
a mixture of the ginger’s spiciness and the sourness of lemon 
that made it taste similar to beer. It was a kind of beverage that 
both women and children found acceptable. However, Melissa 
did not like the taste of it. 


“Praise the Lady!” Benson drank a mouthful as well while 
Melissa took a nibble of the lemon pudding. She chewed at it 
repeatedly before swallowing it down unwillingly. 


“Give it a try.” Klein put down his cup and picked up his fork and 
spoon and pointed at the tableful of food. 


He was most pessimistic of his thick pea soup. After all, he had 
never eaten something so strange on Earth. All he could do was 
adapt the recipe from the original Klein’s memory fragments. 


As the eldest brother, Benson did not stand on ceremony as he 
dug up a spoonful of mashed potatoes and stuffed it into his 
mouth. 


The beaten potatoes were boiled thoroughly and mixed with the 
faint taste of lard and just enough salt. It whetted his appetite 
and made him salivate. 


“Not... bad... Not bad,” praised Benson vaguely. “It’s much more 
delicious than the one I had back at work. They only used 
butter.” 


This is one of my specialties after all... Klein accepted the praise. 
“It’s all thanks to the teachings of the chef at Welch’s place.” 


Melissa looked at the beef soup. The green basil leaves, the green 
lettuce heads, and the radishes were submerged in the colorless 
soup, covering the tender beef. The soup was clear and its 
fragrance tantalizing. 


She forked a piece of beef and placed it in her mouth to chew. 
The beef retained a little chewiness despite being stewed tender. 
The mixture of salt, the sweetness from the radishes, and the 
spiciness from the basil leaves complemented the deliciousness 
of the beef. 


“ ” 


... She seemed to give her approbation, but she could not stop 
her chewing. 


Klein tasted it and felt that although it was delicious, it was not 
without regret. This was still far from his usual standard. After 
all, he was lacking in certain condiments and could only use 
replacements. It was no wonder it tasted different. 


Of course, even with the best standards, one could only make do 
with the dishes they cooked personally. 


Suddenly, his heart pained for Benson and Melissa who were 
stunted in their world view. 


After swallowing a piece of beef, Klein picked up a piece of fried 
Tussock Fish which was sprinkled with cumin and rosemary. It 
was crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. The char was 
a perfect golden brown and the saltiness and oil fragrance 
intertwined as one. 


Nodding slightly, Klein tried a piece of stewed rhubarb and found 
it palatable. It got rid of the cloyed taste of meat. 


Finally, he mustered his courage and scooped a bowl of thick pea 
soup. 


Too sweet and too sour... Klein could not help but frown. 


However, after seeing Benson and Melissa looking satisfied from 
tasting it, he began suspecting his tastes. He could not help but 
down a mouthful of ginger beer to cleanse his tongue. 


The siblings were stuffed by the end of the meal. They laid 
slumped in the chairs for quite a while. 


“Let us praise the Lady once more!” Benson raised his ginger beer 
—which had only one mouthful left—as he said in satisfaction. 


“Praise the Lady!” Klein downed the last bit of his beverage. 


“Praise the Lady.” Melissa finally put the last bit of lemon 
pudding into her mouth and enjoyed the flavors swishing 
through her mouth. 


When klein saw this, he took advantage of his tipsiness and 
smiled. “Melissa, that’s not right. You should eat the thing you 
find most delicious at the beginning. That way, you can fully 
appreciate its most delicious aspects. Tasting it when you are 
filled and satiated will not do the food justice.” 


“No, it’s still as delicious as it can be,” answered Melissa firmly 
and stubbornly. 


The siblings had a happy chat, and after digesting their meals, 
they cleaned up the plates, cutlery, and stored the oil which was 
used to fry the fish. 


After busying themselves, it was revision time. One refreshed his 
accounting knowledge while another continued reading the 
study material and notes. Time was spent to its fullest. 


At eleven, the siblings extinguished the gas lamp and went to 
bed after washing up. 


Klein felt groggy as he stared at the darkness in front of him. A 
figure wearing a black trench coat and halved top hat appeared 
suddenly in Klein’s vision. It was Dunn Smith. 


“Captain!” Klein jolted awake and knew he was dreaming. 


Dunn’s gray eyes remained calm, as though he was mentioning 
something trivial. “Someone has sneaked into your room. Pick 
up your revolver and force him to the corridor. Leave the rest to 
us.” 


Someone has sneaked into my room? The observer has finally 
taken action? Klein jumped in fright, but did not dare ask 
further. All he did was nod and say, “Alright!” 


The scene before his eyes changed immediately as a swath of 
colors appeared like the bursting of bubbles. 


Klein’s eyes opened as he carefully turned his head. He looked 
toward the window and saw a thin but unfamiliar back standing 
at his desk, rummaging for something in silence. 


Chapter 28: Secret Order 


Badump! Badump! Badump! 


Klein’s heart began beating rapidly. It shrank into a clump before 
expanding abruptly. It made his body tremble gently. 


There was an instant when he nearly forgot what he had to do 
until the lurking figure suddenly paused. The figure pricked his 
ears slightly as though listening for any changes. 


Blood flowed back from his brain as Klein regained his basic 
cognitive abilities. He reached beneath the pillow for the wooden 
grip of the revolver. 


He felt the firm but smooth feeling as he rapidly calmed down. 
He silently and slowly pulled out the revolver and aimed it at the 
trespasser’s head. 


To be honest, he had no confidence in striking the intruder. 
Although he was already able to stably hit the target during 
practice, a moving person and a fixed target were completely 
different. He was not arrogant enough to confound the two 
together. 


However, he vaguely remembered something from his previous 
life; the general idea was that a nuclear weapon wielded the 
greatest strength before its launch. 


The principle held in his current situation. The best deterrence 
was before he shot! 


By not pulling the trigger or shooting blindly, the intruder was 
unable to determine whether or not he was a complete rookie 
who had an extremely high chance of missing him. His worries 
and fears would make him deliberate more, resulting in him 
restraining himself! 


In an instant, another thought arose in him. It immediately 
made Klein turn decisive. He was not the kind of person who 
turned calmer when faced with danger; instead, he had already 
imagined the situation when he faced the observer—using 
intimidation instead of attacking. 


The Foodaholic Empire had an idiom: Where there is precaution 
there will be no danger! 


When Klein pointed his gun at the intruder, the thin man froze 
suddenly, as though he had sensed something. 


Following that, he heard a voice that hid a chuckle. 


“Good evening, Sir.” 


The scrawny man clasped both his hands together, and his body 
seemed to tense. Klein sat on the lower bunk, aimed the person’s 
head with the revolver, and tried to speak as leisurely and as 
naturally as he could. 


“Please raise both of your hands and turn around. Try to do it 
slow. To be frank, I am very timid and I get nervous easily. If you 
move too quickly, I can be frightened, and I can’t guarantee that 
there won't be a situation where I misfire. Yes, that’s right.” 


The scrawny man raised both of his hands and held them up 


near his head before turning his body bit by bit. The first thing 
that came into view was a black tight suit with neat buttons. 
Next, he caught a pair of brown eyebrows that were thick and 
sharp. 


The intruder’s deep blue eyes didn’t reflect fear, but rather gazed 
upon Klein with the intensity of a ferocious beast. It seemed that 
if Klein were careless for a second, the other person would leap 
forward and tear him to pieces. 


He clenched the handle tightly as he tried his best to appear 
calm and indifferent. 


It was only when the thin man faced him completely did Klein 
jerk his chin towards the door. He softly and gently said, “Sir, 
let’s take this outside. Do not disturb the beautiful dreams of 
others. Oh, do keep your motions slow. Lighten your footsteps a 
little too. It’s basic courtesy for a gentleman.” 


The thin man’s cold pupils rolled as he swept Klein a glance. He 
continued raising his hands as he walked slowly to the door. 


Under the revolver’s aim, he twisted the handle and slowly 
opened the door. 


When the door was half-opened, he suddenly lowered himself 
and rolled forward. The door was pulled by a strong wind and it 
closed with a slam. 


“Uh...” Benson, who was on the top bunk, was stirred. He almost 
woke up in a daze. 


At that moment, a leisurely and serene melody entered from 


outside. The heavy and comfortable voice started to sing. 


“Oh, the threat of horror, the hope of crimson cries! 


“One thing at least is certain—that this Life flies; 


“One thing is certain, and the rest is Lies; 


“The Flower that once has bloomed forever dies [1]...” 


The poem seemed to possess the power to calm and relax others. 
Benson, who was on the top bunk, and Melissa, who was in 
another room, again fell asleep amid their grogginess. 


Klein’s body and mind was also peaceful and quiet. He nearly 
yawned. 


The way the thin man had darted off was so agile that he could 
not react in time. 


Looking at the closed door, he smiled and muttered to himself. 
“you might not believe it, but pulling the trigger would not 
release a round.” 


The empty chamber to prevent misfiring! 


Following that, Klein listened to the midnight poem as he 
patiently awaited for the battle outside to end. 


Within a minute, the tranquil melody which resembled the 
reflection of moonlight on the surface of a lake stopped, and the 
dark night resumed its deep silence. 


Klein silently spun the cylinder and moved the empty chamber 
away as he awaited for the outcome. 


He uneasily waited for a full ten minutes. Just as he wondered if 
he should investigate, he heard Dunn Smith’s staid and warm 
voice from the door. 


“It’s settled.” 


Phew. Klein exhaled. He held his revolver and took his key. 
Barefooted, he carefully approached the door before silently 
opening it to see the black trench coat and the halved top hat. 
Dunn Smith was standing there with his deep and calm gray 
eyes. 


He closed the door behind him and followed Dunn to the end of 
the corridor and stood amid the weak crimson moonlight. 


“It took me some time to enter his dream,” said Dunn calmly as 
he looked at the red moon outside the window. 


“Do you know his background?” Klein felt a lot more relieved. 


Dunn nodded and said, “An ancient organization known as the 
Secret Order. They were established in the Fourth Epoch and are 
related to the Solomon Empire and a number of fallen 
aristocrats of that period. Heh, the Antigonus family’s diary 
came from them. Due to a member’s negligence, it entered the 
antique market and was obtained by Welch. They had no choice 


but to send people in search of it.” 


Without waiting for Klein’s question, he paused before 
continuing. 


“We will capture the remaining members they have according to 
the clues. Well, it might not end too well. These fellows are as 
good at hiding as the rats in the sewers. But at the very least, 
they would believe that we have likely obtained the Antigonus 
family’s notebook or that we have obtained a critical clue. In that 
case, as long as it’s not something extremely crucial or 
important, they would abandon the operation. That is their 
philosophy on surviving.” 


“What if the notebook is extremely crucial and important?” 
asked Klein worriedly. 


Dunn smiled without an answer. Instead, he said, “We know 
very little of the Secret Order. Our success this time is all thanks 
to your sharp wits. This contribution is all yours. In light of the 
possibility of hidden dangers and how heightened perception 
would aid in finding the notebook, you have a chance at 
choosing.” 


“A chance at choosing?” Klein vaguely guessed something as his 
breathing subconsciously turned heavy. 


Dunn wiped the smile from his face as he said in all seriousness, 
“Do you wish to become a Beyonder? You can only choose the 
starting Sequence of an incomplete Sequence. 


“Of course, you can give up this chance and choose to 
accumulate the merit you have garnered. Then, all you have to 
do is wait till there’s sufficient room for you to become a 
Sleepless, which is also the first, complete Sequence the Goddess 


has bestowed on the Nighthawks.” 


Indeed... Klein felt delighted and did not have any hesitant 
emotions. He took the initiative to ask, “Then from which of the 
Sequence 9s can I choose from?” 


I have to have detailed information to decide whether to give up or 
accept, as well as choose which one! 


Dunn turned around and seemed to be cloaked in the crimson 
veil that shone down on him. He looked into Klein’s eyes and 
said slowly, “Apart from the Sleepless, the Church has three 
Sequence 9 potion formulas. One of them is Mystery Pryer, 
which is also the power Old Neil controls. Heh, Rozanne has 
likely mentioned this to you. She can never hold her tongue.” 


Klein smiled awkwardly, at a loss for an answer. Thankfully, 
Dunn did not mind it as he continued. “Our Mystery Pryer potion 
formula and the later Sequences that aren’t directly chained 
were obtained from the Moses Ascetic Order. Back then, it was 
said that they had yet to fall to corruption. They persisted in 
their morals and precepts, determined in their pursuit of 
knowledge. They kept their secrets strictly confidential. Anyone 
that entered the order would be barred from speaking for five 
years after becoming a Mystery Pryer. They would learn to keep 
silent, so as to cultivate and enhance their focus. The maxim of 
the Moses Ascetic Order—do as you wish, but do no harm— 
began from them. 


“Mystery Pryers have a comprehensive but rudimentary 
understanding and grasp of magic, witchcraft, astrology, and 
other mystical knowledge. They also know a fair number of 
magical rituals, but they can easily sense certain existences that 
hide among matter. Therefore, they have to be careful and show 
respect to their powers as a Beyonder. 


“We lack a large portion of this Sequence, causing it to be an 
incomplete chain. For example, its Sequence 8. Of course, 
perhaps the Holy Cathedral has it.” 


This pretty much meets all my requirements... Klein nodded 
slightly, to the point of having the urge to choose. 


Thankfully, he still remembered certain things. 


“What about the other two?” 


“The second type is named Corpse Collector. Quite a number of 
cultists who worship Death in the Southern Continent choose it. 
After consuming the potion, unintelligent dead spirits would 
mistake them as one of their kind and not attack them. They 
would gain resistance to the cold, decay, and corrosiveness of 
cadaveric auras. They will be able to directly see a portion of evil 
spirits and see the characteristics and weaknesses of undead 
creatures, as well as gain certain attribute enhancements. We 
have the Sequence 8 and Sequence 7 that follows it. Heh heh, you 
probably can guess Sequence 7—Spirit Medium! This was chosen 
by Daly back then,” described Dun in detail. 


Spirit Medium does appear mysterious and cool, but what I want 
most is to grasp knowledge of mysticism... Klein did not interject; 
all he did was listen quietly. 


Dunn Smith looked sideways at the crimson moon and said, “We 
only have Sequence 9 of the third type. Whether the Holy 
Cathedral has it, I’m not sure. It’s called Seer.” 


Seer? Klein’s pupils constricted as he recalled the regret Emperor 
Roselle had left in his diary: He regretted not choosing 
Apprentice, Marauder, or Seer! 


1. Adapted from the English translation of Rubaiyat. 


Chapter 29: “Johs” anil Rentals Are Serious 
Business 


Klein tried his best to remain his usual self as he asked with 
genuine interest, “What abilities do Seers have?” 


“your question is inaccurate; the question should be, ‘what 
abilities does consuming the Seer potion give?” Dunn Smith 
shook his head and chuckled. His gray pupils and face turned 
away from the moon as his features hid in the shadows. “There 
are many kinds of things involved—astromancy, cartomancy, 
spiritual pendulums, and scrying. Of course, it does not mean 
that consuming the potion will immediately allow you to grasp 
all of them. The potion only equips you with the qualifications 
and ability to learn it. 


“As they lack direct means of fighting enemies, heh. You can 
probably imagine that setting up a magical ritual requires a lot 
of preparation. It’s not suitable for combat. Therefore, in terms of 
knowledge of mysticism, a Seer will be more learned and 
professional than a Mystery Pryer.” 


It sounds like it matches my requirements as well... However, the 
lack of means to directly deal with enemies is quite a dilemma... 
Furthermore, the Church of Evernight likely doesn’t have the 
subsequent Sequences... The Holy Cathedral likely refers to the 
headquarters, the Cathedral of Serenity... The means available to 
low-Sequence Beyonders against their enemies might not be 
comparable to firearms... Klein fell into deep thought as he 
racked his brains. He kept going back and forth between Mystery 
Pryers and Seers. He no longer considered Corpse Collector. 


Dunn Smith smiled when he saw this. 


“you don’t have to rush into a decision. Tell me your answer 
Monday morning. Regardless of your choice of Sequence or 
giving up this opportunity, none of us from the Nighthawks 
would have any other thoughts on the matter. 


“Calm down and ask your heart.” 


With that said, he took off his hat and bowed slightly. He slowly 
walked past Klein and headed for the stairwell. 


Klein did not say a word and did not immediately reply. He 
silently bowed and watched as Dunn left. 


Although he was constantly hoping to become a Beyonder 
previously, he was thrown into a dilemma when the opportunity 
arose; the subsequent missing Sequences, Beyonders having the 
risk of losing control, the believability of Emperor Roselle’s 
diaries, and the illusory murmurs that could corrupt people into 
madness all mixed together and formed a moat that obstructed 
his advancement. 


He took a deep breath and slowly breathed out. 


“No matter how bad it is, it can’t be worse than making an 
eighteen-year-old high-school student decide on his future 
career...” Klein gave a self-deprecating chuckle. Gathering his 
scattered thoughts, his opened the door softly and laid back on 
the bed. 


He laid there with his eyes open, silently looking at the bottom of 
the top bunk that was dyed with the faint crimson of the moon. 


A drunkard staggered outside the window as a carriage sped 


down the empty streets. These noises did not break the serenity 
of the night but instead made it even darker and more distant. 


Klein’s emotions settled down as he recalled his past on Earth. 
He recalled how he liked exercising, his father who always spoke 
loudly, his mother who enjoyed busying herself despite having a 
chronic disease, his friends who grew up with him, going from 
playing sports like soccer and basketball to games and mahjong, 
as well as the person he made a failed confession to... These 
were like a silent river; it did not have many ripples or deep 
sentimental feelings, but it silently drowned his heart. 


Perhaps one will only learn to cherish things after they have lost 
them. When the crimson receded and the sky turned golden- 
yellow from the flaming ball’s illumination, Klein had made his 
choice. 


He got out of bed and headed to the public bathroom to wash his 
face to wake himself up. Then, he took a one-soli note to Mrs. 
Wendy’s to buy eight pounds of rye bread with nine pence, 
replenishing the staple food that had been consumed the 
previous night. 


“The price of bread has begun stabilizing...” He commented after 
breakfast as Benson changed. 


It was Sunday, so both he and Melissa finally had the chance to 
rest. 


Klein, who was already in proper attire, was sitting on a chair 
and flipping through the outdated newspapers he brought back 
from yesterday. He said in surprise, “There’s a house for rent 
here: North Borough’s 3 Wendel Street, a bungalow with two 


floors. There are six bedrooms, three bathrooms, and two big 
balconies upstairs. Downstairs, there’s a dining hall, a living 
room, a kitchen, two bathrooms, and two guest rooms, as well 
as an underground cellar... In front of the house are two acres of 
private land and there’s a small garden behind. It can be rented 
for one, two, or three years, with a weekly rent of one pound six 
soli. Those interested can head to Champagne Street and look for 
Mr. Gusev.” 


“That’s our goal for the future.” Benson wore his black halved top 
hat as he smiled to say, “The rent for the places in newspapers is 
usually a little too expensive. The Tingen City Housing 
Improvement Company has options that do not pale in 
comparison to that for cheaper.” 


“Why are we not searching in the Tingen Housing Improvement 
Association for the Working Class?” Melissa walked out from her 
room holding an old, veiled hat. She had changed into a grayish- 
white long dress that had been mended several times. 


She was silent and introverted, but that could not mask her 
youthfulness. 


Benson laughed. 


“Where did you hear of the Tingen Housing Improvement 
Association for the Working Class? Jenny? Mrs. Rochelle? Or is it 
from your good friend Selena?” 


Melissa looked to the side and whispered a reply, “Mrs. 
Rochelle... While washing up last night, I happened to meet her. 
She asked me about Klein’s interview and I told her roughly 
what happened. Then, she suggested I find the Tingen Housing 
Improvement Association for the Working Class.” 


Benson noticed Klein’s puzzled expression and shook his head in 
amusement. 


“They are targeted at the poor. Well, a precise description is that 
they are a housing association for the lower strata of society. 
They build and renovate houses that basically have communal 
bathrooms. They only provide three choices—a single, double or 
triple bedroom. Do you wish to continue living in such an 
environment? 


“The Tingen City Housing Improvement Company is in the same 
business as them, but they also provide choices for the lower- 
middle class. To be honest, we are a little better than the lower- 
middle class, but we are still quite worse off than true middle- 
class families. It’s not a matter of salary; it’s just that we did not 
have the time to save up.” 


Klein came to a realization as he put away the newspaper. 
Picking up his top hat, he stood up. 


“Then, let’s set off.” 


“I remember that the Tingen City Housing Improvement 
Company is on Daffodil Street,” Benson said as he opened the 
door. “They are like the Tingen Housing Improvement 
Association for the Working Class, known as Five Percent 
Charities. Do you know why?” 


“IT don’t know.” Klein raised his cane and walked to Melissa’s 
side. 


The girl with black hair that reached down her back nodded. 


Benson headed out and said, “These kinds of housing 
improvement associations or companies were established as a 
result of Backlund. They are funded in three ways: One, by 
requesting donations from charitable foundations. Two, through 
funding proposals. They receive grants from the government’s 
commission at a special rate of 4%. Third, through investments. 
By taking a portion of the rent received, they will give their 
investors 5% returns. That’s why they are called Five Percent 
Charities.” 


The siblings went down the stairs and slowly walked toward 
Daffodil Street. They decided to confirm a place before talking to 
their present landlord, Mr. Franky. They did not want to be ina 
situation where they were forced to move when they had no 
place to stay. 


“I heard from Selena that there are housing improvement 
companies that are purely run as charities?” Melissa asked in 
thought. 


Benson chuckled. 


“There are, such as the Deweyville Trust which Sir Deweyville 
donated money to establish. He builds apartments targeted for 
the working class. He also provides dedicated estate 
management personnel while only charging rather low rent. 
However, the criteria for applying is very strict.” 


“It sounds like you aren’t fond of the idea?” Klein acutely sensed 
it as he asked with a smile. 


“No, I respect Sir Deweyville a lot, but ’m certain he does not 
know what true poverty is. Staying in his apartment is like a 
priest giving hope. It’s not very pragmatic. For instance, tenants 
have to receive the main vaccines and they have to take turns 
cleaning the bathroom. They are unable to sublease their 


apartments or use it for commercial activities. They aren’t 
allowed to throw their rubbish wantonly and children are 
prevented from playing in the corridors. Goddess, does he wish 
to make everyone ladies and gentlemen?” Benson answered in 
his usual tone. 


Klein creased his brows in doubt. 


“Doesn't sound problematic. Those are all very reasonable 
criteria.” 


“Yeah.” Melissa nodded in agreement. 


Benson cocked his head and looked at them before chuckling. 


“Perhaps I have protected both of you too well that you have not 
seen actual poverty. Do you think they would have the money for 
the main vaccines? The line for free charitable organization sets 
them back three months. 


“Do you think their work is stable and not temporary? If they 
cannot sublet parts of their apartment to receive some extra 
income, are they to move out when they lose their jobs? Besides, 
many ladies mend clothes or make match boxes at home to 
maintain their livelihood. Those are included as commercial 
activities. Are you going to chase them all out? 


“Most of the poor use all their efforts to survive. Do you think 
they have the time to discipline their children and stop them 
from running along the corridors? Perhaps they can only be 
locked at home until they're old enough, then sending them to 
places that accept child labor when they are around seven or 
eight years old.” 


Ben did not use many adjectives to describe the matter; it caused 
Klein to shudder a little. 


This was how people from low socioeconomic classes lived? 


Beside him, Melissa fell into silence. It took a long while before 
she said in an ethereal tone, 


“Jenny no longer wished for me to visit her after she moved to 
the Lower Street.” 


“Let’s hope her father gets back on his feet after that injury and 
finds a stable job. However, I have seen too many alcoholics use 
alcohol to numb themselves...” Benson laughed with a somber 
tone. 


Klein was at a loss for words. Melissa seemed to be the same. As 
such, the siblings walked silently down Daffodil Street and found 
Tingen City Housing Improvement Company. 


The person who served them was a middle-aged man with an 
amiable smile. He did not wear a formal attire or a hat, but 
instead, wore a white shirt and black vest. 


“you can call me Scarter. Might I know what kind of house you 
have in mind?” When he caught a glance at Klein’s silver-inlaid 
cane, his smile widened. 


Klein looked at Benson, who was better with words, and gestured 
for him to answer. 


Benson directly answered, “A terrace house.” 


Scarter flipped through the files and documents in his hand 
before smiling. 


“There are currently five that haven’t been rented out. To be 
honest, we are geared more to serving customers—laborers and 
their children who have housing difficulties where six, eight, or 
even ten or twelve people squeeze into a house. There aren’t 
many terrace houses. There’s one at 2 Daffodil Street, one in the 
North Borough, one in the East Borough... The weekly rent goes 
from 12 to 16 soli. You can take a look at the detailed 
introductions here.” 


He handed over a document to Benson, Klein, and Melissa. 


After reading through it, the siblings exchanged looks and 
pointed to the same spot on the piece of paper simultaneously. 


“Let’s take a look at 2 Daffodil Street first,” said Benson. Klein and 
Melissa nodded in response. 


This place was a district they were familiar with. 


Chapter 20: Bran New Beginning 


2, 4, and 6 Daffodil Street were terrace buildings with 
multifaceted hipped roofs. Their exteriors were painted grayish 
blue, and three chimneys stood erected. 


The place obviously did not have lawns, gardens, or porches. The 
entrances directly faced the street. 


Tingen City Housing Improvement Company’s Scarter took out a 
bunch of keys and while opening the door, introduced, “Our 
terrace houses do not have foyers, so you enter directly into the 
living room. There’s an oriel window facing Daffodil Street, so 
there’s pretty good lighting...” 


Klein, Benson, and Melissa were greeted by a fabric sofa bathing 
in the golden rays of the sun, and an area more spacious than 
their previous two-bedroom apartment. 


“This living room can be used as a guest hall. To its right is the 
dining room and on the left is a fireplace that will keep you 
warm in winter.” Scarter pointed around with great familiarity. 


Klein looked around and confirmed that it was a crude, open- 
style concept. The dining room and the living room were not 
separated by any partitions, but they were also far from the oriel 
window, making those spots rather dim. 


There was a rectangular red wooden table surrounded by six 
hardwood chairs with soft cushions. The fireplace on the left 
wall looked exactly like the ones in foreign movies and TV series 
that Klein used to watch. 


“Behind the dining area is the kitchen, but we do not provide any 
appliances. Opposite to the living room is a small guest room 
and a bathroom...” Scarter walked around and described the 
remaining layout of the house. 


The bathroom was separated into two parts. The outer area was 
where one would wash their face and brush their teeth, while 
the inner area was the toilet. There was an accordion door that 
separated them. The guest room was described to be small, but it 
was as big as the room that Melissa currently stayed in. She was 
stunned at the sight. 


After looking around the first floor, Scarter brought the three 
siblings to the stairway next to the bathroom. 


“Down below is the underground cellar. It is quite stuffy 
downstairs, so you must remember to let some fresh air in first 
before entering.” 


Benson nodded casually and followed Scarter to the second floor. 


“On my left, there’s a bathroom. On the same side, there are an 
additional two bedrooms. It’s the same layout on my right, but 
the washroom on this side is next to the balcony.” 


As he spoke, Scarter opened the bathroom door and stood 
sideways so that he would not obstruct Klein, Benson, and 
Melissa from looking in. 


The bathroom had an extra bathtub. Like the other bathroom, 
there was an accordion door next to the toilet. Although it was a 
little dusty, it wasn’t dirty, smelly, or cramped. 


Melissa looked in a daze until Scarter walked to the bedroom 
next to it. Only then did she stop looking and follow the rest 
slowly. 


She took another few steps before looking back. 


Klein, who was experienced in life, was delighted and excited as 
well. Even though their landlord often supervised their cleaning 
up of the bathroom, it still was not clean enough. It was often 
nauseating, let alone the fact that they would easily encounter a 
line when they needed to relieve themselves. 


The other bathroom was similar. One of the four bedrooms was 
slightly bigger and was furnished with a bookcase. The rest were 
about the same size as each other and had a bed, table, and 
wardrobe. 


“The balcony is very tiny, so you won't be able to dry too many 
clothes in the sun at a time.” Scarter stood at the end of the 
corridor and pointed to a spot with a door and lock. “There is a 
complete underground drainage, gas piping, meter, and other 
facilities. It is very suitable for you gentlemen and a lady like 
yourselves. It only requires thirteen soli of rent and five pence 
for use of the furniture weekly. In addition, there is a deposit 
that amounts to four weeks of rent.” 


Without waiting for Benson to say a word, Klein looked around 
and asked curiously, “Roughly how much would it cost to buy 
the house?” 


As a transmigrator from the Foodaholic Empire, the desire to buy 
property still existed within him. 


Upon hearing that question, Benson and Melissa were shocked. 
They looked at Klein as though they were seeing a monster. 


Scarter replied calmly and firmly, “Buy? No, we do not sell 
property. We only provide rental properties.” 


“lm just trying to have a general sense of the prices.” Klein 
explained awkwardly. 


Scarter hesitated for a few seconds before saying, “Last month, 
the owner of 11 Daffodil Street sold a limited-period land deed 
with a similar property sitting atop the land. 300 pounds for 
fifteen years. It is much cheaper than renting directly but not 
everyone can fork out such a large sum of money. If one would 
like to buy it over completely, the owner’s posted price is 850 
pounds.” 


850 pounds? Klein quickly made the mental calculations. 


My weekly pay is three pounds, Benson eans one pound and ten 
soli... Rent is thirteen soli and if we eat well every day, we would 
spend nearly two pounds a week. On top of that, there are 
expenses such as clothes, transportation, social expenditures, so 
on and so forth. We can only save less than twenty soli a week. 
One year adds up to about 35 pounds. 850 pounds would require 
more than twenty years. Even if we bought the land for a limited 
period of time for 300 pounds, it would take us at least eight or 
nine years... That doesn’t include getting married, living 
independently, raising children, traveling, and so on... 


In a world without individual housing loans, most people are 
likely to opt for rental... 


Realizing this, he stepped back and stole a glance at Benson. He 
beckoned him to talk to Scarter about the rent. 


As for Melissa’s intentions, they were obvious from her bright 
eyes! 


At that moment, Klein suddenly thought of letting Benson loose. 


Benson tapped his plain cane and looked around before he said, 
“We should take a look at other houses. The dining area’s 
lighting isn’t good, and the balcony is very small. Look, only that 
bedroom has a fireplace, and the furniture is too old. If we move 
in, we have to at least change half of these...” 


He pointed out faults in a hurried tone, spending ten minutes to 
persuade Scarter to lower the rent to twelve soli and the 
furniture usage fee to three pence, while rounding up the deposit 
to two pounds. 


Without further ado, the siblings returned with Scarter to the 
Tingen City Housing Improvement Company and signed two 
copies of the contract. They then headed over to the Notary Office 
of Tingen City to notarize the contract. 


After paying the deposit and first week’s rent, Klein and Benson’s 
remaining money added up to nine pounds, two soli, and eight 
pence. 


Standing before the door of 2 Daffodil Street, they each held a 
bunch of copper keys. They were momentarily unable to look 
away; their emotions churning within them. 


“It feels like a dream...” After a while, Melissa lifted her head to 
look at the future “Moretti Residence,” and she spoke with a low 
yet unsteady voice. 


Benson let out a breath and smiled. 


“Then don’t wake up.” 


Klein wasn’t as emotional as they were. He nodded and said, “We 
need to change the locks of the main door and balcony door as 
soon as possible.” 


“There’s no hurry. The reputation of Tingen City Housing 
Improvement Company is very good. The rest of the money is for 
your formal suit. However, before that, we need to pay Mr. 
Franky a visit.” Benson pointed in the direction of the apartment. 


The siblings made do with rye bread at home before heading for 
a terrace apartment on Iron Cross Street. When they knocked on 
their landlord’s door, Mr. Franky declared imposingly while his 
short frame perched on a sofa, “You know my rules. No one is 
allowed to be behind their rent!” 


Benson leaned forward and smiled. 


“Mr. Franky, we are here to give up our lease.” 


That straightforward? Would negotiating this way work? 
Standing beside Benson, Klein was shocked when he heard him. 


On the way here, Benson had said that his bottomline was a 
compensation of twelve soli. 


“Give up your lease? No! We have a contract, and there’s still half 
a year left!” Franky glared at Benson as he flailed his arms. 


Benson looked at him seriously and waited for a moment before 
saying calmly, “Mr. Franky, you should understand that you 


could have made much more money.” 


“Make much more?” Franky asked with interest, touching his 
skinny face. 


Benson sat up straight and explained with a smile, “The two- 
bedroom unit was rented to the three of us for five soli and six 
pence. But if you were to rent it to a family of five or six people, 
with two or three of them working and getting paid, I think they 
would be willing to pay more to stay there instead of staying at 
Lower Street where it’s ridden with crime. I think five soli ten 
pence or six soli would be a reasonable price.” 


Franky’s eyes brightened up and his throat moved as Benson 
continued to say, “Besides, you are certainly aware that rental 
prices have been increasing in recent years. The longer we stay, 
the greater a loss you incur.” 


“But... I need time to look for a new tenant.” Mr. Franky, who had 
inherited the apartment building, obviously liked the idea. 


“I believe you can find one very quickly since you have the ability 
and resources to do so. Maybe two days, maybe three days... We 
will pay for the losses you incur during this time. How about the 
deposit of three soli that we have paid? It is very reasonable!” 
Benson immediately decided for Franky. 


Franky nodded in satisfaction. 


“Benson, you are such a conscientious and honest young man. 
Alright then, let’s sign the termination of contract.” 


Klein was dumbfounded watching this happen. He completely 


understood how easy it was to ‘convince’ Mr. Franky. 


That’s way too easy... 


With the problem of the previous contract resolved, the three 
siblings first helped Klein buy his formal wear and then got busy 
with moving house. 


They didn’t have anything heavy or bulky as bulkier items 
belonged to the landlord. Thus, Benson and Melissa rejected 
Klein’s idea of hiring a carriage, and instead carried their things 
themselves. They went back and forth between Daffodil Street 
and Iron Cross Street. 


The hot sun outside the window set in the west, and golden rays 
shone through the oriel window, scattering across the desk’s 
surface. Klein looked at the rack that had books and notebooks 
arranged neatly before putting an ink bottle and a fountain pen 
on the table which he had wiped earlier. 


It’s finally over... He let out a breath of relief and heard his 
stomach growl. He loosened his rolled up sleeves as he walked 
towards the door. 


He had a bed that belonged to him. The bedsheet and blanket 
were white, old but clean. 


Klein twisted the doorknob and walked out of his bedroom. Just 
as he was preparing to say something, he saw both doors on the 
opposite side open simultaneously as Benson and Melissa came 
into his view. 


Looking at the dust and dirt marks on their faces, Klein and 


Benson suddenly burst out into laughter, sounding abnormally 
cheerful. 


Melissa bit her lips lightly but the laughter was contagious. She 
eventually let out a soft laugh. 


The next morning. 


Klein stood before a full-length mirror with no cracks, seriously 
smoothing out his collar and sleeves of his shirt. 


The outfit included a white shirt, black tuxedo, silk top hat, black 
vest, a set of trousers, boots, and a bow tie. He felt the pinch of 
paying eight pounds in total. 


However, the effect was great. Klein felt that his reflection in the 
mirror exhibited greater scholarly qualities and made him look 
more handsome. 


Click! 


He closed his pocket watch and put it into his inner pocket. He 
then took his cane and hid his revolver. He took the tracked 
public carriage and arrived at Zouteland Street. 


The moment he entered the Blackthorn Security Company, he 
realized that he was so used to his previous lifestyle that he had 
forgotten to give Melissa extra money but allowed her to walk to 
school instead. 


Shaking his head, he took note of it before stepping into 
Blackthorn Security Company. He saw the brown-haired girl, 
Rozanne, making coffee. A rich aroma permeated throughout the 
office. 


“Good morning, Klein. The weather is great today,” Rozanne 
greeted him with a smile. “To be frank, I have always been 
curious. In such weather, don’t you men feel hot wearing those 
formal suits? I know for a fact that Tingen’s summer isn’t as hot 
as the South’s, but it is still summer.” 


“It’s the price of style,” Klein replied humorously. “Good morning, 
Miss Rozanne. Where’s the Captain?” 


“Same old place.” Rozanne pointed inside. 


Klein nodded. He went through the partition and knocked on 
Dunn Smith’s office door. 


“Come in.” Dunn’s voice was deep and gentle as usual. 


When he saw Klein, who looked quite different in a set of nice 
formal wear, he nodded and his gray eyes smiled. 


“Have you decided?” he asked. 


Klein took a deep breath and answered seriously, “Yes, I have 
made a decision.” 


Dunn slowly sat up straight. His expression became solemn but 
the deep recesses of his gray eyes remained the same. 


“Tell me your answer.” 


Klein replied without hesitation, “Seer!” 


Chapter 21: Potion 


Dunn Smith stared at Klein with his gray eyes for a full minute 
without a word. 


Klein did not cower under the pressure of the silence and his 
gaze. He continued locking his eyes with Dunn. 


“you must understand that once you consume the potion, there 
will be no room for regret.” Finally, Dunn spoke again in a deep 
emotionless voice. 


Klein grinned and said, “I know, but I respect the voice in me.” 


First, Sleepless does not meet my requirements. It was the same 
for Spectator which he heard from the Tarot Club based on 
description. He was unsure when he would come into contact 
with other Beyonder pathways. A slow remedy could not work 
for an urgent situation; therefore, there was no need for him to 
wait. By the same logic, Corpse Collector was eliminated as well, 
leaving the two choices—Mystery Pryer and Seer. 


Under the premise that potions of the same Sequence were 
equally dangerous and him unable to obtain more information, 
as well as the fact that both Mystery Pryer and Seer met his 
requirements, then regardless of whether Emperor Roselle was 
making a passing remark or if he really regretted not choosing 
Apprentice, Marauder, and Seer, it was enough to tip the balance 
in his heart. 


Furthermore, he could tell from the diary that as long as he 
figured out the true essence of digestion and acting, he would be 
able to avoid the negative effects the potion would bring to a 


significant extent. As for the murmurings and _ illusory 
enticements that could drive people to corruption and madness, 
he had already encountered that even without being a Beyonder! 


“Alright.” Dunn stood up and picked up his halved top hat. As he 
put it on, he said, “Follow me down.” 


Klein nodded and gave a gentleman’s bow in gratitude. 


Tap. Tap. Tap. Both of them ventured down, their footsteps 
echoing through the silent and vast stairwell and passageway. 


Klein suddenly felt gripped by anxiety as he tried to find a topic 
of conversation. 


“Captain, you mentioned that taking the potion would not 
directly give me the corresponding knowledge on mysticism, 
that Pll only have the qualifications to learn it. Then, where does 
the basic knowledge of mysticism come from? Did our 
predecessors risk their lives for it or obtain it via other means?” 


Every time he went underground, he would find the air 
especially fresh. Clearly, the ventilation was excellent. However, 
the occasional gust of wind made one shiver. 


Dunn glanced at him, the darkness in his gray eyes appearing 
abnormally deep. 


He answered calmly, “One of them is as you_ said, 
experimentation, summarization, and enhancement. Second, 
being bestowed by the gods. Third, heh. The dangerous murmurs 
that others can’t hear do not only growl and roar senselessly. At 
times, they will describe some matters regarding mysticism. But 


according to what I know, people who truly listen to the 
murmurs on a long-term basis have gone mad without 
exception. Or they would fall to corruption and become 
monsters. Of course, we must thank them. The notebooks 
they've left behind are precious treasures in the field of 
mysticism.” 


Human lab rats? The underground passage’s cold humidity made 
Klein shudder suddenly. 


Then, would my luck enhancement ritual which turned into 
“Social Network Magic” eventually lead to similar effects due to 
the crazy and horrible murmurs? 


At the intersection, Dunn did not proceed toward Chanis Gate, 
nor did he turn to the weapons, materials and archives. Instead, 
he took Klein to the left and approached Saint Selena Cathedral. 


Midway, he stopped. It was unclear what he touched to open a 
secret door. 


“This is our Nighthawks team’s alchemy room. I will get Old Neil 
to retrieve the Seer potion formula and the corresponding 
materials from inside Chanis Gate. Heh, you have pretty good 
luck. The Goddess has blessed you with her favor. We should still 
have the materials needed for two Seer potions. If not, you would 
have to wait a long while.” Dunn pointed at the room behind the 
door. “Wait here. Later, watch Old Neil concoct the potion. It’s the 
most basic part of mysticism studies. Oh, do not randomly touch 
things in there. They are either very dangerous, expensive, or 
both.” 


With that said, Dunn added like before. 


“Oh right, I forgot something again. Your becoming a Beyonder is 


a result of you having to face danger and the need to find the 
notebook. The meritorious deed was only a part of it; therefore, 
you will not be a member of our team for the time being. You 
will still be a civilian staff member with a corresponding salary. 
You will still do what I instructed you to do previously. One 
additional thing is to learn more about mysticism with Old Neil. 
You can arrange the time with him.” 


“Alright.” Other than feeling a little disgruntled by the lack of a 
pay rise, Klein was in full agreement with the rest. 


According to Dunn, there was still the process of learning and 
grasping one’s newfound powers after consuming the potion. If 
he were to become a formal member immediately and 
participate in paranormal missions, his death was certain. 


Dunn turned around and walked two steps towards the 
intersection when he suddenly turned back. 


“Another thing.” 


I knew it... Klein was already used to the “style” of his Captain. 


“We got something out of the Secret Order’s actions,” said Dunn 
with his usual expression. “It’s unlikely they will provoke you in 
the near future, but don’t be careless. It has to do with them 
being temporarily unable to confirm whether the Antigonus 
family’s notebook is important to them. From what we 
discovered, they have preserved some of the ancient customs 
and we can confirm that they are related to the Solomon Empire 
and the corrupted nobles of that period.” 


“Got it. Thanks, Captain,” said Klein as he exhaled. 


This was also one of the reasons why he did not wish to wait, 
grasping the chance of becoming a Beyonder in such a hurry! 


As he watched Dunn leave and confirmed that he would not turn 
his head to say more, Klein slowly walked into the alchemy 
room. 


The room had long tables. There were test tubes, pipettes, scales 
and crucibles. It resembled a chemistry laboratory from his 
previous life. It was just more spartan and ancient. 


Other than that, there was a huge cauldron, a darkwood ladle, a 
translucent crystal ball, and other items. The Dark Sacred 
Emblem and other strange emblems were visible everywhere. 
They gave the room a tint of mystery. 


Klein looked around with interest, but he was not stupid enough 
to touch the things. 


After a while, he heard footsteps. Old Neil carried a tiny silver 
chest with complicated patterns. He was still wearing his unique 
classic black robe that seemed anachronistic, matched with a 
felt hat with a rounded edge of the same color. 


“Lad, I never expected you to choose Seer.” Old Neil put down the 
chest and used his somewhat turbid red eyes to size up Klein. 
“your personality is just like mine when I was young. You just 
don’t want to follow the masses. Not bad. Light these few gas 
lamps and close the door.” 


“Alright.” Klein tried hard not to tremble as he lit each gas lamp 
in the alchemy room. He made dim light rule over the place once 
again. 


Tak! Tak! Tak! The secret door was closed. He turned back to see 
the white-haired and deep-wrinkled Old Neil using a bunch of 
strange tied tree branches to scrub the black cauldron. 


“The concoction of a Sequence potion is extremely simple, at 
least for Sequence 7 and below. There’s no need for a special 
flame or any additional ritual, much less an incantation. There’s 
no need for one to participate in it spiritually. All one needs to do 
is go according to the formula’s steps, add the precise amounts, 
and mix it. That will be all.” Old Neil’s wrinkles seemed to bloom 
from his smile. 


“For real?” Klein questioned in surprise. 


This sounds as simple as my luck enhancement ritual... 


Man, it’s quite frightening when you come to think of it... 


“Perhaps it’s a gift of the gods. Praise the Lady.” Old Neil drew a 
haphazard circle over his chest. 


Following that, he opened the silver chest and pulled out 
goatskin parchment that exuded antiquity. 


The yellowish-brown goatskin unfurled inch by inch, revealing 
words on it. Klein looked from a distance and realized it was in 
Hermes, a language he was very familiar with. 


It was written in ink that resembled blood, seemingly having its 
fluidity remain intact. But other than that, it did not seem 
extraordinary in any way. 


“Seer: 100 milliliters of pure water, 13 drops of night vanilla 
liquids, 7 gold mint leaves...” Klein silently recited the formula’s 
content, but the rest of it was blocked by Old Neil’s wrist, 
preventing him from reading it. 


“Pure water is water that is repeatedly distilled. Thankfully, I 
made some previously, so there’s no need to waste time on it.” 
While Old Neil gave the introduction, he took a large sealed glass 
bottle from the table with great familiarity. 


He took off the stopper and poured about 100 milliliters of pure 
water into the cauldron without much thought. 


Klein did not dare ask, afraid he would affect Old Neil’s 
concoction. After all, he was the one drinking the potion. 


“13 drops of night vanilla juices. This can be extracted and stored 
as an essential oil ahead of time.” Old Neil took out a tiny brown 
bottle from the silver chest and with a pipette and dripped 13 
drops into the cauldron in a relaxed manner. 


A faint but easing fragrance emanated, making Klein feel an 
abnormal sense of peace. 


“7 gold mint leaves...” Old Neil picked up a silver patterned can 
and removed its lid. With his bare hands, he picked up a few 
leaves and scattered it into the cauldron. He caught a whiff of a 
fresh and stimulating scent. 


“4, 5, 6, 7. Perfect.” Old Neil chuckled and looked at the potion 
formula on the goatskin. “3 drops of poison hemlock. This isn’t 
something you should drink randomly. It can cause your entire 
body to numb to the point of death. In ancient times, it proved to 
be the best option for committing suicide.” 


It’s not like I’m silly... Klein lampooned. 


Old Neil changed pipettes and dripped the poison hemlock into 
the cauldron. The mixture caused a strange smell that freshened 
one’s mind. 


“9 grams of dragon blood grass powder.” Old Neil took his time to 
reach his hand into the silver chest and pulled out a transparent 
test tube. There was some deep black powder inside. 


He used a beaker and a scale to measure 9 grams of powder and 
poured it into the cauldron. He then stirred the mixture twice 
with the darkwood ladle. The laidback process of making the 
concoction made Klein a little worried. 


“In fact, the materials from before were just supplemental. The 
exact amount doesn’t really affect the final outcome. Should I 
put a little bit more?” Old Neil made a joke. “The last two is 
what’s crucial. The amount can be slightly lowered, but it cannot 
be too far from the requirement, or your ‘enhancement’ can fail. 
Oh, the quantity cannot be any more, even just by a bit. If so, you 
will have to be treated for mental problems. It’s not impossible to 
die immediately.” 


Klein immediately tensed up as he saw Old Neil pull out a black 
glass bottle from the silver chest. 


“Lavos Squid’s blood, 10 milliliters. This kind of squid is 
considered an extraordinary biological species. It is clearly 
mutated. It is covered in mystery. Its blood will rapidly break 
down under sunlight and lose its unique qualities. It has to be 
stored in opaque material.” Old Neil’s tone no longer sounded 
relaxed. He quickly and carefully retrieved 10 milliliters of blood 
with a test tube. 


The blood was blue like the sky. From time to time, it produced 
illusory bubbles as though it was connected to the spiritual 
world. 


“After pouring the blood inside the test tube, the remaining drops 
are ignored as a form of precaution,” whispered Old Neil. 


The moment the blue blood entered the cauldron and made 
contact with the liquid from before, it produced bubbling sounds. 
The surrounding light was dyed with a light blue tinge, making 
Klein feel a strange sense of distance but also familiarity. 


It felt like the feeling of being in a mother’s womb. It elevated a 
human’s soul. 


“The final item. Star Crystal. 50 grams.” Old Neil’s voice sounded 
in Klein’s ears, jolting him awake as he looked at the table. 


In the old gentleman’s hand was a piece of extremely pure 
crystal. Furthermore, the crystal appeared gelatinous, as though 
it was jelly from Earth. It lacked hardness. 


Under the blue light’s illumination, it reflected bits of light as it 
seemed to contain a resplendent void of stars within. 


“This is excellent material for the creation of divination 
crystals... Just a little less in consideration of any mistakes.” As 
Old Neil measured, he used a tiny patterned silver blade to 
extract the crystal. 


“Pure water, night vanilla, gold mint leaves, poison hemlock 
juice, dragon blood grass, Lavos Squid blood, and Star Crystal 
make up a Seer...” At that moment, Klein could not help but 


recall the formula. 


With everything done, Old Neil poured in a few blocks of Star 
Crystal into the cauldron. 


Sizzle! 


Illusory fog instantly spewed forth, turning the alchemy room 
into a blur. 


Klein seemed to see a vast array of stars amid the fog and felt 
like he was being observed by an invisible existence. 


A few seconds later, the fog dissipated. Old Neil used the 
darkwood ladle and scooped out some sticky dark-blue liquid. It 
had strange characteristics—gooey and inseparable. Not one bit 
was left in the black cauldron. 


The dark-blue liquid was poured into an opaque cup before Old 
Neil pointed at it. 


“It’s done, your Seer potion.” 


Chapter 22: Spirit Vision 


Klein looked at the dark-blue gelatinous liquid, finding it hard to 
describe it as either a block or cup of liquid. He swallowed his 
saliva and said in great difficulty, “Am I to drink it just like that? 


“Is there no need for any other preparations? Like a ritual, an 
incantation, or a prayer?” 


Old Neil acknowledged tersely before saying, “Preparation? There 
is. Get a cup of Intis Aurmir grape wine, suck on a Desi cigar, 
then whistle a relaxing tune, and dance an upbeat court dance. 
You can do a tap dance if you prefer that. Finally, play a round of 
Gwent cards...” 


When he saw klein’s expression turn dumbfounded, Old Neil 
laughed and summarized what he had just said. 


“If you feel nervous.” 


.. You are quite humorous, aren’t you...? The corners of Klein’s 
mouth twitched as he resisted the urge to draw his gun. 


He put his cane down and extended his right hand. As though he 
held something heavy, he raised the opaque cup. The smell of 
the potion was faint and seemingly ethereal. 


“Lad, do not hesitate. The more you hesitate, the more nervous 
and afraid you will be. That will only affect the absorption that 
follows,” said Old Neil with his back facing Klein. It was as 
though he had said it casually. 


It was unknown when he arrived by the nearby water basin. He 
turned on the tap and washed his hands. 


Klein nodded silently and took a deep breath. Just like he was 
back when he was a child, he pinched his nose and drank it like 
medicine. He moved the opaque cup to his mouth and tipped his 
head, drinking it down with a gulp. 


A cool and smooth feeling quickly filled his oral cavity. It then 
flowed through his gullet and into his stomach. 


The sticky, dark-blue liquid seemed to grow out thin and long 
tentacles, bringing stimulation and coldness to every cell in 
Klein’s body. 


He could not help but convulse as his vision rapidly went into a 
blur. All colors seemed to saturate. The reds were redder, the 
blues were bluer, and the blacks were blacker. The rich colors 
blended like an impressionist painting. 


Klein had seen such a scene before. It was back when he was 
questioned by the Spirit Medium, Daly. 


At that moment, his vision became a blur and although his mind 
felt light, it was clear. He felt like a castaway floating in the sea. 


Slowly, his surroundings turned discernible. All the colors 
returned to their original as a grayish and blurry fog emanated. 


Around him were forms he found difficult to describe. There 
were transparent objects that did not seem to exist. Deep down, 
there were lustrous brilliances of different colors which seemed 
to possess life or contain immense knowledge. 


This is a little similar to what I saw during the luck enhancement 
ritual... AS Klein instinctively looked down, he realized that ‘he’ 
was still standing in his original spot, body convulsing. 


Suddenly, he came to a realization, causing his consciousness to 
sink abruptly and fuse with him. 


Boom! 


The fog quickly dissipated as the colors restored to normal. The 
bright, clear halo and the inexistent objects instantly vanished. 


The scene in the alchemy room returned to normal, but Klein 
felt his head swell. He felt like it was being yanked apart. 
Whatever he saw had countless afterimages. His ears were 
overwhelmed by an ethereal murmur. 


“Hornacis... Flegrea... Hornacis... Flegrea... Hornacis... Flegrea...” 


Klein felt a stabbing pain at his forehead as he quickly had 
thoughts of causing destruction to vent the discomfort in him. 


He frowned and hurriedly shook his head. 


“Is your vision abnormal? Are you also hearing things you did 
not use to hear?” said Old Neil, at his side with a concealed 
smile. 


“Yes, Mr. Neil, what should I do?” Klein tolerated the intense 
mania and asked. 


Old Neil chuckled. 


“This is the resulting seepage of the potion’s energy. You lack the 
means to control it. Alright, do as I say. Think of an object in 
your mind, something common. Make it simple and easy.” 


Klein quickly focused as he envisaged his own halved top hat 
woven from black silk. He recalled the feeling when he touched 
it and its exact shape. 


“Place all your focus on it. Keep repeating that while creating the 
outlines. Does it feel a little better?” Old Neil’s voice penetrated 
into his mind like a serene song. 


Klein turned his focus bit by bit to the imagined top hat. He felt 
the murmurs subside into a whisper before they vanished. The 
afterimages he saw also stacked upon one another and no longer 
appeared a blur. 


“Much better,” said Klein after calming his mind of chaotic 
emotions and having exhaled. 


He looked down at his body and discovered that nothing 
abnormal had happened. 


He moved his limbs and with half-anticipation and half-doubt, 
asking, “I succeeded? I'm now considered a Seer?” 


Old Neil pulled out a mirror-like mercury plate and shoved it in 
front of him. 


“Look at your eyes.” 


Klein focused his gaze and saw that he was wearing a black top 
hat. His outline stood out and his facial features looked normal. 
Apart from having his face covered in sweat, he did not seem 
different in any way. 


He followed Old Neil’s instruction and carefully looked at his 
eyes. Only then did he discover that his brown eyes had 
deepened quite significantly. It was so much deepened that it 
was like the night—one in complete darkness. It felt so deep that 
it could absorb the souls of others. 


Normally, dark brown pupils are easily recognized as black. 
Without looking very carefully, even Klein himself would not 
have noticed. 


“This is a physical manifestation of the potion’s powers. When 
you learn Cogitation and how to converge your power, your eyes 
will return to normal.” Old Neil smiled as he reached out his 
right hand. “Congratulations, our new Beyonder, our Seer.” 


“Thank you.” Klein reached out his hand and shook it. “Mr. Neil, 
when can I learn how to Cogitate?” 


“you can learn it now. The initial steps of Cogitation are 
relatively simple. It’s even more so for Beyonders,” said Old Neil 
with a smile. “Just now, producing an object in your mind to 
divert your attention and turning the energy seepage inwards is 
actually the first step to Cogitation. Try doing it again.” 


Klein closed his eyes and once again, his mind depicted the 
halved top hat. 


His concentration seemed to be more easily focused than before. 
Soon, random thoughts that surfaced would quickly vanish, 
leaving the hat’s outline. 


“Let your brain go somewhat blank. Exchange the object you 
imagined. Use something that does not exist in this world, an 
object you imagine completely out of thin air.” 


“you have to follow this rule. Only by doing so can you enter 
Cogitation, only then can you exceed the concept of ‘I.’ The 
limitless ‘T will become one with the universe, giving you the 
ability to see and understand the truth. You will obtain 
knowledge only you yourself can understand. In the domain of 
mysticism studies, it’s called a Mystic Experience,” said Old Neil 
using a pacifying tone. “You just need to listen to the descriptions 
that Ill get to later. What’s most important is to enter 
Cogitation.” 


Something that doesn’t exist in this world. Imagine something 
completely out of thin air... Would things from Earth count? Klein 
attempted using an earthy-green intercontinental missile he 
saw on television. He replaced the half top hat with this long and 
thick missile. 


However, regardless of how he outlined it or imagined it, he 
ultimately only ended up focusing his attention. 


It doesn’t seem like it will work... Klein had no choice but to let 
his imagination run wild. He outlined a sphere of light and then 
many similar objects, gathering them together. 


The spheres of light stacked upon one another. It felt like an 
object of fantasy. Klein’s thoughts gradually turned ethereal and 
afloat. 


His body and mind calmed down. The objects that did not seem 
to exist, the fog with the bright clusters of light, and the complex 
colors appeared once again. They floated in the sky in close 
reach. 


He extended his spirituality inch by inch as he looked down at 
them quietly. He sensed it and took it in. 


“Very good. As expected of a Seer. You entered Cogitation very 
smoothly. You are just slightly worse than me back then. 
Slightly,” said Old Neil with a chuckle. “In that case, rll begin 
teaching you the most common, easiest to grasp, and most 
useful ability in the future in mysticism. Spirit Vision!” 


He switched off the gas lamps one after another but opened the 
door to the alchemy room. It made the spot where Klein was 
dark, but not to the point of failing to make out silhouettes of 
objects. 


“Alright. in your present state, raise your hands and place them 
in front of your eyes. Your index fingers need to face each other, 
but they are not to touch. 


“Open your eyes and keep them open until you are accustomed 
to the darkness.” 


Klein completed each step according to Old Neil’s description. He 
saw the silhouettes of his fingers and the surrounding objects. 


“Actually, you should be lying down to let your body be entirely 
relaxed. But since the effect of your Cogitation is not bad, let’s 
continue.” Old Neil laughed. “Focus your gaze on a spot behind 
your hands. It has to be behind. Then, slowly move your fingers 
and maintain the same pose without touching them. Also, do 
not pull them out of your sight.” 


Klein calmly listened to it and cast his gaze at an empty spot 
behind his palms. He then slowly moved his index fingers 
within his vision. 


Once, twice, thrice... Suddenly, Klein saw a fiery-red color in 
between his fingers. 


“Eh...” He let out a sound. 


“you see color? That’s right. That’s the initial step to Spirit Vision. 
The color you see is your aura,” said Old Neil with a chuckle. “No 
rush. Do it a few more times. After stabilizing it, look elsewhere. 
rll also take this opportunity to explain to you the different 
meanings of the different colors.” 


“Alright.” Klein moved his fingers back and forth while having 
his vision trained on the fiery-red. 


Old Neil thought for a moment before saying, “To put it simply, 
the mainstream way of mysticism is to split non-physical parts 
of a human into four levels. At its core is the Soul Body, which is 
also everyone’s basic spirituality. There is a school of thought 
that believes all biological creatures have spirituality and have a 
Soul Body. 


“Tm not sure about anything else, but to Mystery Pryers, the goal 
of Cogitation and the method to increase our strength is directed 
toward the Soul Body. 


“Outside the Soul Body is the Astral Projection. It is the means for 
the Soul Body to communicate with the spirit world and with the 
cosmos. It’s considered an external manifestation of the Soul 
Body. Besides, it will be directly related to your personal 
ambition and your prevailing emotions... The scenes you see 
after consuming the potion are scenes your Astral Projection sees 
when it wanders through the spirit world. That world does not 
obey the laws of the physical world. It involves exceeding the 
concept of ‘I, the limitless ‘I’, and the Universe’s ‘I.’ The past, 
present, and future might be stacked upon one another and that 
is the source of divination. 


“In the spirit world, what you see is just an imagery, a symbol. 
You have to interpret it to understand its actual meaning. 


“Divination and many magic spells are cast through the Astral 
Projection. 


“Do not mistake its relationship and differences with a Soul 
Body.” 


One is just a body and the other is for form... Klein continued 
looking at the aura in between his fingertips and made the 
simple conclusion. 


“Further out will be the Body of Heart and Mind. From this point 
forth, it will combine with the physical body... It involves your 
brain and is an overall manifestation of your inferential 
abilities, your analytical abilities, your observational abilities, 
and identification abilities. Some potions will mainly raise this. 
Quite a number of magic spells target it as well.” 


Old Neil explained in relatively great detail, “The outermost layer 
is the Ether Body. It is a manifestation of your vital energies and 
physical form.” 


“The aura color you see is an external phenomenon of your Ether 
Body. In other words, apart from the spiritual bodies, ghosts, and 
specters you can see directly with Spirit Vision, it might also 
include certain existences that should not be seen. You can also 
see the Ether Bodies of others or their auras. From their 
thickness, brightness, and color, you can determine their health 
and emotional state. 


“When your Spirit Vision improves and you grasp more 
mysticism knowledge, you will be able to discover even more 
details. You can even determine the lifespan of others. 


“By the way, the emotional state I mentioned would also 
manifest itself because of your Astral Projection. When you go 
higher in Sequence, your Spirit Vision will reach a relatively high 
stage. Someone else’s Astral Projection will even be detectable. 
That way, you will learn even more things. This is a level only 
Seers and Mystery Pryers can attain. 


“Some fellows even claim that the strongest form of Spirit Vision 
allows one to see anything in any place, including the past and 
future. However, I’m skeptical about it.” 


It sounds quite powerful... Klein was almost turning eager. 


Old Neil coughed and continued, “Let’s return to the Ether Body 
and the colors of the auras. Your limbs and parts that are 
required in motion will appear red. Your head and brain’s 
surface will appear as purple. Spots that excrete waste will 
appear orange. The digestion system will appear as yellow. The 
heart and other regulatory systems will appear green. Your 
throat and other parts of the nervous system will appear blue. 
An entirely balanced body will make a body be cloaked in white... 
That is a symbol of health. 


“Once it turns dark or the thickness thins, the color will change. 
That indicates that the corresponding spot has turned 
problematic. It means it’s in a state of exhaustion or illness. 


“In addition, the inner layer of the Astral Projection represents 
prevailing emotions. Red means passion and excitement. Orange 
means warmth and satisfaction. Yellow means happiness and 
extroversion. Green means calm and peace. Blue means coldness 
and stillness that one is in thought. White means brightness, an 
eagerness to improve. Dark colors mean worry, sorrow, and 
silence. Purple means that spirituality is taking control of the 
lead, coldness and estrangement...” 


Klein silently memorized the information and stabilized his 
initial Spirit Vision. 


“Good, you can look at other objects.” Old Neil did not speak 
further as he nodded. 


Klein slowly turned his head and looked at Old Neil. Indeed, he 
saw different colors in different parts of his body. The aura was 
both thick and thin at different spots. The purple color at his 
head was brightest and his limbs’ redness was relatively dark. 
The overall whiteness to his body was somewhat faded as well. 


Indeed, he’s getting on in age... Klein made a silent comment to 
himself. 


Only with what he saw did he feel that he had become a 
Beyonder! 


“Iam now a Beyonder!” 


He shifted his gaze and carefully sized up Old Neil when 
suddenly he saw a translucent pair of cold and ruthless eyes 
without any brows in the void behind him! 


These nearly illusory eyes were staring at Old Neil intently, as 
well as him! 


This... Klein shuddered as he gapped and said, “You have a pair of 
eyes behind you!” 


Old Neil was taken aback before he forced a smile. 


“Ignore them.” 


Chapter 32: Switch 


The moment Old Neil finished his sentence, the illusory pair of 
eyes that lurked in the darkness behind him vanished. Even in 
his Spirit Vision state, Klein was no longer able to identify traces 
of its existence. 


“This is a characteristic of ritualistic magic,” explained Old Neil 
with a chuckle. 


Fascinating... Is Spirit Vision an enhanced version of Yin-Yang 
eyes? Klein felt like a child who had received a new toy. In 
excitement, he turned his gaze away and began observing every 
corner of the room. He wanted to see the differences of the 
alchemy room with and without the Spirit Vision. 


The outlines of the objects in the dark such as the tables, test 
tubes, scales, cups, and cupboards did not look different from 
how it looked like without Spirit Vision. They did not emit any 
lights or colors. 


Objects without lives do not have any spirituality? Klein mumbled 
to himself as he swept his gaze toward the silver chest. 


Suddenly, he saw a vibrancy of colors. The colors were as blue as 
the sky, as resplendent as the stars, or as crimson red as burning 
flames! 


“Materials from extraordinary beings still have some life in 
them, and uh... are still active? Even if the source is already 
dead?” Klein deliberated on his words as he sought Old Neil’s 
help. 


“A precise description is that they have remnant spiritualities. It 
is one of the crucial points of a successful potion concoction. It is 
also one the reasons why a Beyonder will lose control. Dunn 
should have already informed you,” explained Old Neil frankly. 


He suddenly laughed, having recalled something. 


“I remember that the formula of Corpse Collector requires a 
desiccated mature black-spotted frog. To consume that potion 
requires a lot of courage.” 


Klein imagined a little and found it disgusting. He did not echo 
Old Neil’s words and turned his gaze to a dark area. However, 
there were no spiritual bodies or ghosts that he looked forward 
to seeing. 


“Isn’t it said that the world of spirits is everywhere?” he asked 
out of curiosity. 


Old Neil chuckled tersely before saying, “Punk, repeat after me. 


“This is the headquarters of a Nighthawk squad. This is the 
ground beneath the Church of Evernight. There are many 
Beyonders here! 


“Do you think we will allow spirits and souls to wander around 
here? Furthermore, the spiritual world and spirit are two 
different concepts.” 


Klein felt a little embarrassed as he turned his head, pretending 
to look at the faint light from the gas lamps at the entrance. 


“T get it.” 


While speaking, the area between his brows began to spasm. 


What’s happening? Just as Klein turned around to ask, he 
suddenly saw a figure standing quietly by the door at the 
periphery of the light. It appeared human, though its aura’s 
colors and the darkness blended perfectly, making it impossible 
to discern. 


Hiss! 


Klein felt a painful spasm at his glabella [1]. His vision turned 
chaotic as he focused his attention again, but there was no 
“formless” figure! 


Strange... He turned around and asked. 


“Mr. Neil, the spot in between my brows is a little painful from 
spasms.” 


“Haha, this is very common. You are a new Beyonder. Spirit 
Vision places a great burden on your Soul Body. Furthermore, it 
drains you constantly. Physical effects can be glabella spasms, 
headaches, oversensitivity, and minor bouts of hallucinations. 
And while viewing things with Spirit Vision, it’s very easy to feel 
uncomfortable as a result of the unfamiliar surroundings. It’s 
also very easy to have your emotions affected by others. These 
are things that require you to pay attention. You can become 
accustomed to and eliminate them with repeated practice. In 
addition, use it sparingly and end it in a timely fashion,” 
answered Old Neil with a smile. 


Why does it feel like you are delighted by this... Klein hurriedly 
asked for advice, “Then, how do I exit from the state of having 
Spirit Vision?” 


He had planned on mentioning the invisible figure he had seen, 
though when he heard of the minor bouts of hallucination 
among the symptoms, he struck that thought away. 


From the glabella spasm and headache, he could completely 
guess Old Neil’s answer! 


“Like before, think of an item to divert your attention. It will 
bring you out of Cogitation. Close your eyes and control your 
Spirituality and repeatedly tell it to end. When you open your 
eyes again, you will discover that your Spirit Vision has ended.” 


Old Neil described leisurely and when he was done, added, “Of 
course, that is the most trivial and clumsy method. We can 
repeatedly hint to ourselves in Cogitation from practice to affect 
our spirituality. That way, you will have a simple switch. For 
instance, tapping at your glabella twice lightly would allow you 
to easily activate Spirit Vision. Another two taps will simply end 
it. As for how you set it up, it depends on your habits and 
preferences. 


“Got it.” Klein thought for a moment and planned to imitate Old 
Neil to use tapping his glabella twice as a switch for his Spirit 
Vision. 


Tapping once was easily mistaken as an instinctive knock to his 
head and tapping thrice could be a waste of valuable time in 
dangerous situations. As for actions like snapping fingers, they 
were too attention-drawing. 


He eased his focus and imagined the stacked spheres of light and 


re-entered a state of Cogitation. 


Under Old Neil’s guidance, after repeated hints and practice, he 
finally “set up” his “switch.” 


He clenched his fist slightly and used his index finger’s joint to 
tap at his glabella twice. Immediately, there were glowing auras 
of differing thickness and colors appearing before his eyes. 


After another two taps, everything returned to normal. 


“I’ve finally grasped it...” he sighed with delight. 


Only then did he realize how exhausted he was, feeling like he 
could fall asleep at any time. His mind hurt as though he had 
stayed up for three nights. 


Old Neil said with a chuckle, “We are not Sleepless. Every 
practice and every time Spirit Vision is used excessively, you will 
need some sleep. You can now go back and have a good rest. In 
the afternoon, go to Iron Cross Street where Welch’s place is and 
walk around. Try your best to find clues about the Antigonus 
family’s notebook as soon as possible. Tomorrow, I'll continue 
teaching you about mysticism. Of course, do not forget to read 
the historical documents.” 


“Alright.” Klein was in full agreement with Old Neil’s 
arrangements. 


He picked up his cane and left the alchemy room. He watched 
the door close as Old Neil returned to the armory. Klein 
massaged his glabella and temples and with the help of his 
cane, sauntered up the stairwell. 


At that moment, Dunn Smith came from behind him with the 
corners of his lips hooked. With a deep gaze, he said, “I heard 
from Old Neil that you are a very suitable candidate. Even 
without Cogitation, you were able to use Spirit Vision.” 


“Perhaps, it’s a unique trait of being a Seer,” replied Klein 
humbly. 


He guessed that Dunn had been watching the armory for Old 
Neil. 


Dunn slowed down and went ahead of Klein a little. After a few 
seconds of silence, he turned around and said, “You have to 
remember that curiosity killed the cat. It can also kill Beyonders. 
Do not attempt to probe the murmurings you should not be 
listening to or seeing existences you should not see.” 


“Alright.” Klein knew this was another reminder of how 
Beyonders lost control. 


After entering Blackthorn Security Company, he greeted Rozanne 
who obviously did not know that he had become a Beyonder. He 
slowly walked out the door and reached the streets where he 
took a trackless carriage to Daffodil Street. He nearly fell asleep 
on his return journey. 


It was still in the morning and the temperature was about 
twenty-six degree Celsius. Klein pulled out a copper key from his 
waistband and opened the door to his home. 


There were still many items missing from his home. The living 
room and dining hall were still empty. Benson and Melissa had 
work or school, so they had both left early in the morning. 


Klein did not have the capacity to bother with anything else. He 
closed the door and briskly went to the second floor and entered 
the bookshelf-equipped bedroom that belonged to him. 


After taking off his tuxedo and hanging it on a clothing rack, he 
eagerly plunged into bed. The moment his head hit the pillow, 
he fell asleep. 


Klein was awoken by bright sunlight. He turned his head and 
slowly opened his eyes to discover the burning sun outside. 


“What time is it? Did I miss the Tarot Club in the afternoon?” He 
struggled to get up and walked to the clothing rack to take out 
his pocket watch from the pocket of the tuxedo’s inner lining. 


Not only had he forgotten about the matter, he had forgotten to 
close the door to his bedroom and pulled the curtains to the oriel 
window. 


Pa! 


Klein pulled out the pocket watch and immediately felt relieved 
when he opened it. 


It was only slightly past noon. There was still a lot of time until 
the scheduled gathering at three in the afternoon. 


It was Monday, the day he would have a gathering with The 
Hanged Man and Justice. 


Klein went into thought as he tapped his glabella twice. The 
scene before him changed once again as he saw that his body 


had been restored to a bright luster. 


He tapped twice again and stopped his Spirit Vision. Relaxed, he 
went to the first floor and boiled a kettle of water. He placed 
some inferior-quality tea leaves and chewed on some rye bread 
dabbed in a little butter. 


Afterwards, Klein flipped through historical materials and 
original Klein’s diary. He began ‘revising’ and consolidating his 
knowledge. 


At 2:57pm, Klein closed his book and capped his fountain pen 
before pulling the curtains. 


Immediately following that, he locked the bedroom’s door, 
making the room turn abnormally dark. 


He tapped his glabella twice and activated Spirit Vision to survey 
his surroundings. 


After confirming that there were no invisible spiritual bodies in 
his room, Klein stopped the Spirit Vision and took out his pocket 
watch to check the time. 


Tick-tock. Tick-tock. 


One minute before three, he opened up his pace and like before, 
walked four steps in a counter-clockwise manner in a squarish 
shape. He chanted in Chinese softly. 


Only this time, he did not prepare any staple food. 


Klein closed his eyes as he felt the back of his hands turn itchy. 
It felt like the four black docks forming a square were protruding 
and projecting something. 


Hysterical shouts and alluring murmurs began resounding, but 
Klein realized that the headache was not as bad as the first time. 


It was not that he was unaffected, but that he was doing his best 
to stop himself from listening. 


As a Beyonder, he had to have more self-control in such an 
environment. 


Soon, his body turned light as he floated up. He saw the grayish- 
white and blurry fog that emanated. Then, he saw dark red 
‘stars.’ Two of them had a minuscule connection with him with 
an abnormal sense of familiarity. 


Klein looked at his blurry self and muttered in confusion, “The 
Astral Projection that Old Neil mentioned?” 


He remained calm for a few seconds and again transformed the 
opulent divine palace with the tall bronze table under the domed 
ceiling, as well as the twenty-two high-back chairs that 
corresponded to the different constellations. 


Klein calmly walked to the Seat of Honor and made his body and 
face be immersed in thicker gray fog. He extended his right hand 
and tapped two familiar deep-red stars and created a miraculous 
connection. 


1.The glabella, in humans, is the skin between the 
eyebrows and above the nose. 


Chapter 24: Avance Payment 


In an underground basement without any windows, the burly 
Alger Wilson sat by a long table with various apparatuses and 
goatskin parchments on it. 


In front of him was a half-consumed candle. The dim, yellowish 
flame’s flickering made the shadows of the objects and table 
move like a mirage. 


Alger’s hair was disheveled like seaweed with a deep blue color 
that resembled black. He wore a robe with lightning patterns 
embroidered on it. He clasped his hands with his thumbs facing 
each other while he focused on a bottle of black liquid to the left 
of the candle. 


Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! 
Splash! Splash! Splash! 


The sound of tempestuous winds or the crashing of the sea 
waves howled from inside the sealed bottle. And in spots where 
the black ink did not sink, a faint fog would swirl. It was as 
though it grew eyes and a mouth. 


Alger cocked his head to glance at the clock hanging on the wall 
and watched the needle strike three. 


He pressed down on his temple as his eyes turned dark. 
Fascinating colors surfaced from the various items on the table. 


At that moment, he discovered a deep-red light appear like a 
tidal wave from nowhere, drowning him instantly! 


Backlund, Empress Borough, Inside the Hall family’s luxurious 
mansion. 


After dismissing her dance teacher, Audrey locked the door and 
sat straight up in front of her dressing table. 


The sun outside was bright and gorgeous. There was a light- 
brown notebook made of exquisite goat skin. It was flipped open 
to reveal that it was blank. To its right was a fountain pen witha 
golden tip and embedded rubies. 


Audrey did a test and made sure that she could pick up the 
fountain pen and write down the formula the moment she left 
the Gathering. 


“lm so looking forward to it...” She inhaled to repress her excited 
emotions as she looked at the mirror with puckered lips. 


However, she did not see it reflect herself. Instead, a dark red 
and illusory beam burst out from her body! 


Above the gray fog stood a majestic divine hall that looked like a 
giant’s residence. 


Dark red colors bloomed on both sides of the bronze table. They 
surged upwards like a fountain before pattering down. It ‘carved’ 
two blurry figures who sat in the same spots as before. 


Audrey, with her soft blond hair and tall, slim build, instinctively 
looked towards the Seat of Honor. She saw the figure immersed 
in thick gray fog sitting back. One hand was flat, touching the 
table’s side while the other hand was stroking his chin. 


“Good afternoon, Mr. Fool~!” Audrey shouted with a cheery voice. 


Following that, she turned her head and looked at the person 
opposite her. With the same tone, she said, “Good afternoon, Mr. 
Hanged Man~!” 


This lady sure is unsophisticated. Is she so sure that I’m a good 
person? Why isn’t there any fear from her? Is she a noble lady 
who has been protected well? Klein smiled and maintained his 
unfathomable image. 


“Good afternoon, Miss Justice.” 


As he spoke, he lowered his head slightly and moved his left 
hand and tapped his glabella twice. 


What he saw changed instantly. He saw Justice and The Hanged 
Man emit the colors of their aura! 


And the surrounding gray fog and dark red stars remained the 
same. Nothing that seemingly did not exist or lustrous 
brilliances that possessed life was seen. 


He shifted his gaze and saw that Justice’s aura perfectly matched 
the colors Old Neil described. What was supposed to be red, 
purple, blue, or white were their respective colors. Furthermore, 
they maintained a lustrous brilliance and were of appropriate 
thickness. It was easy to tell that she was a vibrant young girl. 


The colors of her emotions are red and yellow. That’s joy, zeal, and 
excitement... Klein made a judgment before casting his attention 
towards The Hanged Man. 


Like Justice, there was nothing special about the colors of The 
Hanged Man’s aura. His emotions were blue mixed in with some 
orange. 


Calm, thoughtful, careful, and a little pleased? With this being his 
first attempt, Klein made a conclusion without much 
confidence. 


Just as he shifted his gaze away, he suddenly realized something 
strange. 


The aura of the Hanged Man’s innermost layer was nearly of the 
same color! 


Klein focused his mind and took another careful look. He could 
faintly see that deep within The Hanged Man’s Ether Body was a 
deep blue, akin to the sea. It felt like a tidal storm. 


His Astral Projection? Or should I say the surface of his Astral 
Projection? From the looks of it, he’s really a Beyonder, and one 
that’s apparently stronger than Old Neil. Klein analyzed as his 
mind was filled with questions. “Not necessary. It might have to 
do with this being a unique environment. It’s only because this is 
my home ground that I’m able to see these things that Old Neil 
did not manifest.” 


He turned his head toward Justice again and confirmed that it 
was a characteristic only Beyonders possessed. 


At that moment, Alger also completed his greetings. 


Audrey drew a light gasp as she asked in anticipation, “Mr. 
Hanged Man, did you receive the box of Ghost Shark blood?” 


Alger took a look at Klein and saw him tapping his glabella as 
though he was considering other matters. 


“Thank you very much. It perfectly met my expectations. I never 
expected you to send it to me so quickly. The Ghost Shark blood is 
not the typical extraordinary creature,” said Alger frankly. 


Audrey smiled humbly and said, “I’m very happy to see this 
outcome.” 


As she loved anything to do with mystery from a young age, she 
had befriended those in aristocratic circles with similar 
interests. They have exchanged information, books, and rare 
artifacts among each other. But before this, none of them had 
ever obtained any supernatural power to become a real 
Beyonder. Instead, there were a few princes that hinted that they 
could gift her what she wanted if she became their princess 
consort. 


However, she had obtained the Ghost Shark blood directly from 
her family’s vault. After all, the inventory only states ‘one big 
bottle,’ without mentioning how many milliliters or how full it 
had to be, she believed that pouring a little bit of it would go 
unnoticed. Even if there was an accident and the matter was 
exposed, her parents were unlikely to pursue the matter. 


Alger looked deeply at The Fool who was enveloped in fog before 
turning his head back with a smile. 


“According to our agreement, I will tell you the formula to the 
potion, Spectator.” 


“Let me prepare myself. Alright, begin.” Audrey inhaled as she 
focused her full attention. 


“Low-Sequence potions are very easy to concoct. Just follow the 
order that I provide you. Do remember that there can be smaller 
quantities of the ingredients but not more. It would cause major 
problems. You should have heard about news of Beyonders 
losing control. I believe there’s no need for me to repeat it?” Alger 
first mentioned things to take note of. 


Audrey nodded gently and said, “I understand completely.” 


While she spoke, she turned her head to look at Mr. Fool. She 
wished to know if the mystery expert had anything to add; 
unfortunately, The Fool was sitting silently there like a statue. 


Alger thought for a moment before saying, “Having smaller 
quantities does not mean it should deviate by too much... If you 
do not have an assistant, I suggest you spend some time 
familiarizing yourself with chemistry experiments.” 


“I have a family tutor for such matters,” answered Audrey 
without feeling the burden. 


After Alger mentioned the furthest extent of the deviation, he 
recited with great fluency, “Spectator. Sequence 9 potion. 80 
milliliters of pure water. 5 drops of autumn crocus essence. 13 


grams of cow teeth paeonol powder. 7 petals of elf flowers. A 
matured Manhal Fish’s eyeball. Add 35 milliliters of goat-horned 
black fish blood. 


“The final two items are the main ingredients. They are 
extraordinary creatures from the sea. You have to be careful.” 


“Alright.” Audrey recalled and repeated, “80 milliliters of pure 
water. 5 drops of autumn crocus essence, 13 grams of cow 
teeth...” 


“Paeonol powder,” reminded Alger. 


With his help, Audrey gradually and precisely memorized the 
formula’s order. However, she appeared worried as she mumbled 
it again and again. 


“Do you know about Cogitation?” When Alger saw Justice nod, he 
continued, “I do not know how much you know about Cogitation. 
Let me describe it once... After consuming the potion, quickly 
begin Cogitation to control your spirituality and energy... Make 
sure to practice every day to truly grasp the powers of the potion. 
Dig out the meaning it symbolizes and even more of its 
mysteries. That way, you can avoid the danger of losing control 
to the greatest extent. And the meaning of a potion mainly lies 
in its name, such as Spectator!” 


Klein silently listened to the conversation and had no plans on 
interrupting. All he did was secretly memorize and study, but 
when he heard that, he suddenly had a thought. 


Audrey listened to The Hanged Man’s explanations attentively, 
and just as she was about to inquire about something more 
detailed, she suddenly heard the rapping sound on the table, 


She and Alger turned their heads and looked at The Fool. They 
realized that the mysterious and mighty figure was tapping 
gently with his fingers. He said in a deep voice, “It’s not about 
grasping them, but rather digesting them. 


“It’s not about discovery, but rather acting. 


“The name of a potion is not only symbolic, it’s also imagery. It is 
the key to digesting.” 


Audrey was dazed and confused from hearing that. She was not 
very clear on what Mr. Fool was trying to express. 


She subconsciously eyed The Hanged Man for a reaction from 
the corner of her eyes. She was surprised to see him jolt and 
freeze. It was as though an ordinary person had heard a loud 
and sudden clap of thunder. 


“Digesting, acting... Digesting, acting... Digesting, acting, key...” 
Alger repeated it again and again softly as though he had 
grasped a key concept or had succumbed to a strange curse. 


After a while, he raised his head and said with a hoarse voice, 
“Thank you, Mr. Fool. Your hint is as valuable as my life. You 
have enlightened me greatly. Of course, I believe I have yet to 
fully understand or comprehend it.” 


Klein maintained his mysterious and unfathomable image by 
saying with a smile, “That was an advance payment.” 


In fact, he did not truly understand the exact meaning of what 
was said. He was just certain that Emperor Roselle was more 
powerful than the typical Beyonder and stronger than The 


Hanged Man.” 


Advance payment... Audrey looked at The Hanged Man’s reaction 
and knew that the hint from before was precious. As she 
ruminated over it, she asked, “Mr. Fool, what do you wish for us 
to do?” 


Opposite to her, Alger said with a nod, “What matter might you 
wish to entrust us with?” 


Klein leaned back slightly as he glanced at the two of them 
before saying in a soft and pleasant voice, “Collect Roselle 
Gustav's secret diary on my behalf, even if it’s just one page of it.” 


Chapter 25: Exchange of Information 


Roselle Gustav's secret diary? 
Emperor Roselle? 


Indeed, only such matters are worth the concern of a mighty 
figure like Mr. Fool... Audrey was first taken aback before she 
realized that she found it nothing surprising. 


Rumor had it that Emperor Roselle had once seen the Blasphemy 
Slate. It was said that the secret cards he created hid the twenty- 
two paths of the divine. This was something every high- 
Sequence Beyonder would definitely pay attention to! 


“Diary? That’s a diary?” Alger frowned slightly as he keenly 
noticed this tidbit. 


The item which Roselle Gustav had left behind had been 
described by Mr. Fool as a diary! 


How did he know? 
How did he determine it? 
Could he know the way to decipher Roselle’s cryptic text? 


Faced with The Hanged Man’s question and having obtained the 
desired effect, Klein leaned back into his chair and interlocked 


his hands. He answered in a relaxed manner, “Let us first view it 
as a diary for now.” 


He did not deny or confirm it. 


Audrey had heard the children of other nobles mention the 
matter. However, she had never really learned much of it. With 
her curiosity piqued, she asked, “It’s said that Emperor Roselle’s, 
well, diary was written in a cryptic language or symbols he 
invented.” 


“Yes,” answered Alger simply. “Some people believe that it is a 
unique set of symbols from mysticism. Others believe that it is a 
hieroglyph. But up to today, no one has found the correct way of 
deciphering it. At the very least, that’s all I know.” 


With that said, he turned his head at Klein in a bid to get some 
confirmation or show his suspicions. 


They are texts that have been passed down for generations, so are 
no longer in their original state. According to your line of thought, 
how can it be deciphered... Klein maintained his calm as he 
secretly gave a self-deprecating laugh. 


As for how to handle the symbols of mysticism, he instantly 
thought of a ridiculous and funny scene. 


Dressed in a black-pointed hat and long robe, an evil mage pulls 
up his sleeve to reveal a symbol tattooed on his arm. It was said 
that this was a symbol with mysterious power left behind by 
Emperor Roselle. They were written in two blue, large simplified 
Chinese characters: 


“Retarded Joker!” 


The corners of Klein’s mouth curved up slowly as he found 
himself in a good mood. 


After hearing The Hanged Man’s description, Audrey said in a 
stumped manner, “We can’t understand the symbols or the 
words... Then, how are we to pass the information to you, Mr. 
Fool? Or are we to mail it somewhere?” 


This is quite an important question... I do not have the means to 
accept an item secretly... Klein was in no hurry to answer. He 
repeatedly released his thumbs from his interlocked hands 
before tapping them back again. 


Soon, he thought of a solution. 


Since I can create a divine palace and table according to my wishes 
in here, would it be possible to project the content in the minds of 
others here? 


Pll give it a try... 


At that moment, Audrey and Alger saw Mr. Fool slowly sit up 
amid the thick grayish fog. 


“Miss Justice, let us give it a try. Imagine a paragraph of text and 
give it the emotions of writing it with urgency. Yes, pick up the 
fountain pen beside you and write on the piece of paper.” 


Before Klein finished his sentence, Audrey saw a piece of 
yellowish-brown goatskin parchment and a dark red fountain 


pen in front of her. 


She picked up the fountain pen both curiously and doubtfully. In 
accordance with the instructions, she imagined a poem Emperor 
Roselle once wrote: 


“If Winter comes, can Spring be far behind [1|?” 


After scrutinizing the text, she picked up her fountain pen and 
imbued them with the desire of projecting them out. 


Klein sensed the emotions and using the fountain pen as a 
medium, he guided her. 


The moment Audrey landed her fountain pen, she saw a line 
appear on the goatskin parchment. 


“If Winter comes, can Spring be far behind?” 


“Goddess, how fascinating!” Audrey exclaimed in astonishment 
while feeling rueful. 


Following that, she looked at Klein with some fear. 


“Mr. Fool, can you read what I’m thinking?” 


“No, ’'m only guiding you. I simplified the process of writing for 
you and made it become an imprint. If you did not wish to 
express it, nothing would appear.” Klein placated her with a low 
tone. 


“Is that so... Then we can only memorize the symbols or the way 
the cryptic text looks like. Then, we can present it directly as we 
wish?” Audrey heaved a sigh of relief as she asked in 
enlightenment. 


“Yes.” Klein answered. 


“That’s not a bad method. Miss Justice, do not doubt your 
memory. After becoming a Spectator, you will receive immense 
improvement in this aspect.” Alger had watched the attempt 
from the side, fully coming to the realization that The Fool was 
more powerful and mysterious than he imagined. 


As for his memory, he believed that the next advancement would 
improve it sufficiently. 


Regarding this, Audrey nodded in delight. 


“you have delighted me with this reminder. Mr. Hanged Man, do 
you have any other guidance on Spectators?” 


With that said, she looked toward the Seat of Honor. 


“Mr. Fool, I will work hard to complete your mission. I will do 
my best to gather more of Emperor Roselle’s secret diary.” 


“I mentioned before that ’m a person who likes a fair and equal 
exchange. The advanced payment I gave is only equivalent to two 
pages of the diary for each person. If there are more, I will give 
additional in return,” Klein said calmly, like he was an adult 
who did not take advantage of children. 


As for where the additional payment could come from, it was 
naturally from the newly acquired Emperor Roselle diary pages. 
This formed a virtuous cycle. 


“you are truly a generous gentleman.” Alger fell silent for a few 
seconds before bowing slightly with his hand by his chest. 


After the bow, he turned to Justice and said, “Let me emphasize 
once more. A Spectator will forever be a spectator. 


“I know that many Spectators enjoy imagining themselves to be 
the protagonist or some other character. As a result, they invest 
a lot of feelings into it, to the point of crying, laughing, raging, 
and turning sorrowful because of the drama. However, that is 
not what a Spectator should do. 


“While faced with the various dramas of society and figures who 
knowingly or unknowingly act the role of particular characters, 
you have to maintain the attitude of being an absolute 
bystander. Only then can you calmly and objectively observe 
them. You will discover their habits, their tics from lying, or 
their scent of nervousness. From those minute clues, you can 
grasp their true thoughts. 


“Believe me, everyone is different because of their emotions. 
They will secrete different ‘things’ and different smells. However, 
only a real Spectator can sniff it out. 


“Once you invest too many of your emotions, your observation 
will be influenced. Your sensitivity towards the emotions of 
others will deviate.” 


Audrey listened attentively as her eyes brightened gradually. 


“It sounds, really, really interesting!” 


Klein’s heart stirred when he heard that. 


The Spectator potion’s requirement when summarized seemed to 
be “an absolutely objective and neutral spectator.” 


In a particular sense, it was equivalent to acting... 


Acting? 


Was this the ‘acting’ which Emperor Roselle was referring to? 


Then, I will have to act as a Seer, and from there, digest the potion 
bit by bit? 


Just as Klein was immersing himself in thought, Alger finished 
explaining the demands he knew of a Spectator. He sighed before 
saying, “It seems like there’s nothing else? 


“Perhaps we can have a casual chat. We can talk about things 
happening around us. Perhaps it is something very normal to 
you, but in the ears of others, it might be a very important clue.” 


“Sure.” Klein snapped back and nodded slightly. 


He was already planning to attempt to act as a Seer. After all, it 
did not seem like there were any negative effects from doing so. 


“Then, shall we begin with you, Mr. Hanged Man?” Audrey 
agreed in excitement. 


Alger thought for a moment before saying, “The infamous pirate 
who calls himself Admiral Ludwell has begun his voyage to 
explore the eastern end of the Sonia Sea again.” 


“Oh? The owner of the Black Tulip?” returned Audrey with a 
question after some thought. 


“Yes,” Alger replied with a nod. 


I don’t even know who that is... Klein listened silently while he 
pondered over the news he planned on sharing. It had to be 
something that did not expose him while also allowing him to 
gain feedback. 


Soon, he decided. He maintained his unfathomable image as The 
Fool and caressed the side of the bronze table with his fingers. 


“According to what I know, the Secret Order has lost an 
Antigonus family notebook.” 


This news was not only known by the Nighthawks from Tingen 
City. The Secret Order as well as Beyonders with close ties with 
them similarly knew. 


“An Antigonus family notebook?” Alger repeated before smiling 
with a shake of his head. “I’m really curious as to what reaction 
the Church of Evernight will have if they learn of it.” 


Why would he mention the Church of Evernight? Klein acutely 


sensed a problem, but it was not appropriate for him to ask. 


That would shatter his image as the mysterious and profound 
Fool. 


At that moment, Audrey asked out of curiosity, “Why are you 
curious? What sort of special reaction would the Goddess’s 
church have?” 


Alger smiled and said, “The Antigonus family was destroyed by 
the Church of Evernight.” 


“Tm not really sure if it happened at the end of the Fourth Epoch 
or the early stages of the present epoch.” 


This... Klein’s pupils constricted as a chill suddenly swept 
through him. 


From the looks of it, the value the Nighthawks have placed on this 
Antigonus notebook far exceeds my imagination! 


The reason why they nominated me as a Beyonder—having some 
contribution and to prevent danger to me are likely negligible 
reasons—is that they wish for me to raise my spiritual sensitivity 
to aid them in finding the notebook. 


This was not kept from me by Captain. He had mentioned it, but I 
just didn’t pay much attention to it... 


After hearing The Hanged Man’s explanation, Audrey said with 
deep interest, “I never imagined that such a thing would 
happen... 


“Alright, my turn. Let me think of what I have to share.” 


She cocked her head and held her head up with her hand before 
chuckling. 


“yesterday, my etiquette teacher taught me how to faint, how to 
faint elegantly without any faux pas. It’s a practical skill used at 
social events to avoid awkward situations or nasty guys... Heh 
heh. I was just organizing my thoughts. What I really wanted to 
say is that ever since the failure of the battle on Balam’s eastern 
shore, the king, premier, and gentlemen are under immense 
stress. They eagerly wish to change.” 


1. Adapted from Ode to the Wind which is an ode, written 
by Percy Bysshe Shelley. 


Chapter 26: A Simple Question 


While Audrey recalled the conversation between her father and 
elder brother about the situation, she put in her own words, 
“They believe that the government’s structure is too chaotic. 
Every election, if there is a change of the ruling party, there will 
be a change of personnel from top to bottom. It makes things a 
mess and lowers efficiency tremendously. Not only does it cause 
the battle loss, it also brings great inconvenience to the 
civilians.” 


Klein knew very well that as there was no example to reference, 
the Loen Kingdom had yet to evolve into a system that examined 
public servants. The political situation was still in its 
preliminary stages; therefore, after every election victory, many 
so-called positions would be awarded to members and 
supporters. 


Hmm, Emperor Roselle not establishing such an institution in 
Intis does not match his personality... Could it be that he diverted 
his focus to other things later in life? 


When the Hanged Man, Alger, heard that he interjected with a 
soft chuckle. 


“They believe? Then their beliefs are a little slow. Perhaps they 
will only feel the itch a year after they get bitten by black 
mosquitoes.” 


Black mosquitoes were a type of creature that resided in the 
south of the Loen Kingdom. It was extremely venomous, and its 
venom made victims have the urge to rip apart their skin. 


Audrey extended her palm and covered her mouth. Ignoring the 
Hanged Man’s mockery, she expressed the core information of 
what she said, “Unfortunately, they are temporarily unable to 
find a good solution to replace this system.” 


Klein listened carefully and felt that the topic was in the domain 
of his expertise. He smiled faintly and said, “This is a simple 
problem.” 


The Foodaholic Empire and the decadent countries that studied 
the Foodaholic Empire had very advanced experiences of success. 


“Simple?” Audrey returned with a question in puzzlement. 


Although her education did not include politics, she often heard 
from the discussions of her father, brother, and people around 
her. She had a sufficient understanding of similar matters. 


Klein felt as though he had returned to the message boards of 
yesteryear. Composed, he said, “An examination, just like an 
entrance-examination for college. Hold an exam that is open to 
the public. It can be split into two rounds or three rounds. Use 
the most objective method to select the elite.” 


“But...” Audrey knew what sort of objection this would entail. 


Before she had the chance to arrange her thoughts, Klein 
continued, “After which, use these elites to fill the positions of 
the Cabinet, the county government, the city government, and 
the various towns. Yes, the positions that are directly handling 
matters, such as the Secretary of the Cabinet. 


“Different positions should be given different requirements. The 


second or third rounds can be tested based on locale and region. 
Professional matters should be left to the professionals. 


“AS for political positions such as ministers, governors or 
mayors, they will be left to the parties that win the election. That 
is a Slice of the pie they deserve.” 


Alger, who lacked interest in such matters, unknowingly turned 
his head and listened carefully. Audrey frowned slightly as she 
fell into deep thought. 


“There’s no hurry in replacing everyone at once. The cabinet and 
various agencies in the civil service will be crippled if that 
happens. You can have an examination every year or every three 
years. They can be gradually replaced. Finally, in light of the 
kingdom’s expansion and the salaried civil servants’ 
resignations that will bring in vacancies, you can systematically 
allot spots.” Klein fully expressed his talent as a keyboard 
politician. He then faced his palm outwards and said, “Such a 
design can bring the kingdom’s insightful elites into the 
government. Regardless of the party in power or who the 
minister is, the civil service will allow the kingdom to maintain 
its basic and effective operations.” 


Of course, a side effect was the birth of the undying devil that 
was bureaucracy. 


While considering the suggestion, Audrey asked doubtfully, “Are 
you implying that even if those ministers become curly-haired 
baboons, the effects would be insignificant?” 


“No,” Alger interjected suddenly. “I believe that baboons are a 
better choice than the present ministers.” 


He paused before adding, “After all, baboons only need to eat, 


sleep, and mate. They would not come up with foolish ideas and 
insist on brainless projects.” 


Mr. Hanged Man, it sounds like you have quite a terrible 
superior... Klein sat at his seat of honor and shook his head in 
silent amusement. 


Audrey ruminated over the suggestion Mr. Fool had offered and 
after a while, said in surprise, “It sounds like it actually might 
work... 


“It’s a very simple but effective solution!” 


She looked at Klein and sincerely marveled, “Mr. Fool, you must 
be an elderly person with outstanding intelligence who is very 
experienced in life!” 


... The corners of Klein’s mouth twitched a little as he looked at 
the Hanged Man and Justice for a few silent seconds. 


“Let us end today’s gathering here.” 


If Miss Justice is able to influence her family and effect change on 
this matter, I can guide Benson ahead of time and give him a 
chance at becoming a civil servant. 


On careful thought, Benson was indeed suitable for such a 
career. 


However, it is unlikely Justice would take the initiative to do it. 
This is because the Hanged Man and I can easily find out which 
noble suggested it and basically guess her identity. 


Of course, she could do it through a roundabout manner secretly. 


“By your will.” Audrey and Alger stood up together. 


Klein leaned back slightly and severed the connection. He saw 
Justice and the Hanged Man’s illusory and blurry figures 
instantly shatter and dissipate. 


Above the gray fog, in the opulent palace where gods seemingly 
lived, he was the only one sitting silently at the head of the 
bronze table. 


Klein did not plunge into the gray fog like the other time to leave. 
This was because his mind was still energetic enough after 
becoming a Beyonder. 


The reason why he had ended the Tarot Club early was because 
he learned the true attitude the Nighthawks had towards the 
Antigonus notebook. He decided that he had to search for it 
seriously and not sleep all the way. Doing so would make Dunn 
Smith suspicious of his activities at home. 


Furthermore, he had benefited quite a lot this time. 


Klein sat on the high-back chair at the head of the bronze table. 
His arms leaned on the armrest as he crossed his fingers while 
he observed the boundless gray fog carefully. He found the place 
serene as though no one had stepped into it for ten million 
years. 


When he established the connection to summon the Hanged 
Man and Justice, he acutely noticed something. 


That was the fact that as a Beyonder himself, he had the ability 
to touch another dark red star! 


“Does this mean I can summon one more?” klein recalled the 
feeling and muttered in confirmation. 


However, he did not have the urge to make an attempt since he 
did not know what the identity of the newcomer would be or 
what sort of attitude they would have. After all, not everyone 
was like Justice or the Hanged Man who had unique 
personalities that easily blended in and took whatever they 
needed. They even seemed willing to conceal matters. If he 
pulled someone like Dunn Smith, then the mysterious 
organization he had just established would instantly come under 
the watch of the church. 


As an “evil” organization’s boss, his future would be worrying. 


Klein knew that the gray fog was special. He knew it was not 
something a Beyonder at Dunn Smith’s Sequence could see 
through. But the problem was that since he had the powers of a 
Beyonder, he had to consider the existence of the gods. 


Klein had chosen to carefully believe that the seven orthodox 
gods existed in reality. Of course, he was more tenable to the 
belief that these gods were just more powerful than high- 
Sequence Beyonders. Furthermore, they were under strict 
limitations. At the very least, ever since the Fifth Epoch, apart 
from a few oracles, they have not appeared again. 


“Heh, forcefully pulling people here isn’t a good thing. No one 
would wish to be pulled into mystery for some baffling reason... 
Let’s wait and see how things go in the future...” Klein sighed 
and stood up. 


He released his spirituality and sensed his body's existence. 
Then, he began imitating the heavy feeling of rapidly plunging 
down. 


The scenes in front of him changed. The gray fog and dark red 
instantly departed him. Klein felt like he had torn through 
endless water membranes before ultimately seeing the real 
world, his room in darkness. 


This time, he was fully awake and seriously took in the entire 
experience. 


“Strange... There are some differences between the gray fog and 
the spirit world...” Klein moved his limbs and felt the existence 
of his body. 


After he seriously thought through the experience, he shook his 
head, walked to the desk and pulled open the curtains. 


Whoosh! 


The curtains were drawn as sunlight poured in, illuminating the 
room. 


As he looked at the street outside the oriel window and the 
pedestrians going back and forth, Klein took a deep breath and 
muttered silently, “It’s time to go out and work. 


“How should I act as a Seer?” 


“It cannot be rushed... All I can do is use Spirit Vision now...” 


Backlund, Empress Borough. 


Audrey Hall looked at herself in the mirror. She saw her cheeks 
flushed red with excitement and her eyes, so bright that they 
would have daunted anyone from looking into them. 


She did not examine any of this as she hurriedly recalled. She 
picked up the ruby-studded fountain pen and wrote the formula 
to the Spectator potion on the exquisite goatskin parchment. 


“80 milliliters of pure water. 5 drops of autumn crocus essence, 
13 grams of cow teeth paeonol powder. 7 petals of elf flowers. A 
matured Manhal Fish’s eyeball. 35 milliliters of goat-horned 
black fish blood.” 


Phew... Audrey heaved a sigh of relief as she read it a few times 
to confirm that she had not made any mistakes. 


She had the urge to dance again, but reminded herself to remain 
restrained. 


After some thought, she began writing various chemical names 
around the potion’s formula. She then faked the page into 
complicated and messy chemistry. 


Yes, as long as one doesn’t read it carefully, a person who flips 
through this randomly will not discover the details I have hidden 
in here... Excellent! Audrey praised herself and turned her mind 
towards the acquirement of the materials. 


“‘Tll first search the few vaults we have. I'll then attempt to 
exchange for the missing parts with others...” 


“If I still can’t gather them all, I can only seek help from the 
Hanged Man or the Fool... What can I offer as payment?” 


After some thought, Audrey closed the notebook and placed it on 
a tiny bookshelf. Following that, she briskly walked to the door 
and pulled it open. 


A golden retriever was sitting obediently outside. 


The corners of Audrey’s mouth curled as she revealed a radiant 
smile. 


“Susie, you completed the mission perfectly!” 


“In the serialized stories in the newspapers, detectives would 
often have a capable assistant. I think there should be a huge 
dog supporting a real Spectator~” 


In an underground basement lit only by a flickering candle, 
Alger Wilson raised his palm and looked at it carefully. 


After a long while, he let out a sigh. 


“It’s still that miraculous. I was unable to figure out any specific 
details at all...” 


Despite having made sufficient preparations, he failed to 
understand how the Fool had completed the summoning... 


He moved his gaze down and looked at the goatskin parchment 
on the table in front of him. 


At the title head of the yellowish-brown parchment, there was a 
Hermes sentence written in dark blue ink. 


“7, Seafarer.” 


Chapter 37: The Cluh 


Under the scorching afternoon sun, Klein left his house. 


Since he had to walk all the way from Iron Cross Street to 
Welch’s place, he wore a linen shirt instead of his formal attire 
of top hat and leather boots. He wore a matching brown coat, a 
round felt hat and a pair of old leather shoes. That way, he did 
not need to worry that the stench of his sweat would 
contaminate the rather expensive suit. 


As he went down Daffodil Street, he strolled toward Iron Cross 
Street. When he passed by the square around the corner, he 
subconsciously took a glance. 


The tents had already vanished. The circus troupe from before 
had left after finishing their performance. 


Klein originally imagined the animal trainer who had helped 
him tell his fortune to be a hidden expert. He believed she had 
purposely appeared to guide him after discovering something 
unique about him and that she would meet him and provide 
hints for the future. However, none of that happened. She left for 
the next stop in the tour with the circus troupe. 


How can there be so many cliched tropes... Klein shook his head 
while grimacing a smile. He turned toward Iron Cross Street. 


Iron Cross Street was not characterized by just a single street. 
Like its name suggested, it was formed by two roads that crossed 
each other. 


With the intersection at its core, it was split into Left Street, 
Right Street, Upper Street, and Lower Street. Klein, Benson, and 
Melissa previously lived on Lower Street. 


However, the residents living at his former apartment and the 
surrounding area did not think of the area as Lower Street. 
Instead, they created the term Middle Street. By doing so, they 
made a clear difference between those staying there and the 
poor who lived two hundred meters down the road. 


There, a bedroom was occupied by five or six people, and 
sometimes even up to ten. 


Klein walked along the periphery of Left Street as he let his mind 
wander. He recalled the Antigonus family’s notebook and how it 
was missing. He thought of its importance to the Nighthawks 
and thought of the deaths that resulted from it. 


His heart slowly turned heavy as his face turned ashen. 


At that moment, a familiar voice sounded. 


“Lad.” 


Oh... Klein turned his head curiously and found himself by 
Smyrin Bakery’s entrance. Mrs. Wendy with a head of gray hair 
was greeting him with a wave and a warm smile. 


“you don’t look... very happy?” Wendy asked genially. 


Klein rubbed his face and said, “A little.” 


“Regardless of your worries, tomorrow will always come,” said 
Mrs. Wendy with a smile. “Here, try out my newly created sweet 
iced tea. ’m not sure if it suits the palate of the locals.” 


“Locals? Aren’t you one, Mrs. Smyrin?” Klein shook his head in 
amusement. 


Trying out something means it’s free, right? 


Wendy Smyrin raised her chin a little and said, “You guessed 
right. ’'m actually a Southerner. I came to Tingen with my 
husband, but that was more than forty years ago. Heh heh, back 
then, Benson was not born yet. Even your parents did not know 
each other. 


“I have always been a little unaccustomed to the dietary 
preferences of Northerners and I’m always missing my 
hometown’s food. I miss pork sausages, potato bread, roasted 
pancakes, vegetables fried in lard, and roasted meat with 
specialty sauces.” 


“Oh, and I also miss sweet iced tea...” 


Klein suffused a smile when he heard that. 


“Mrs. Smyrin, this sure is a topic that makes me hungry... But I 
feel a lot better. Thank you very much.” 


“Delicacies can always cure sorrow.” Wendy handed him a cup of 
brownish-red liquid. “This is sweet iced tea I made according to 
my memories. Try it and tell me if it’s nice.” 


After thanking her, Klein took a sip and found it resembling iced 
black tea from Earth. However, it was not as stimulating. The 
taste of tea was stronger and felt more refreshing. It instantly 
expelled the heat brought by the burning sun. 


“It’s excellent!” he marveled. 


“That puts me at ease.” Wendy smiled with squinted eyes as she 
watched him finish the cup of tea in a genial manner. 


After chatting with Mrs. Smyrin about his moving, Klein 
returned to the street he was most familiar with. 


There were far fewer streetside hawkers in the afternoon. They 
gathered again after half past five. The ones that stayed behind 
looked drowsy and listless. 


The moment he entered the area, Klein’s heart suddenly felt 
overwhelmed by darkness. His heart felt heavy, down, and 
gloomy for an inexplicable reason. 


What’s happening? He sharply sensed something wrong about 
himself. He immediately stopped and observed his surroundings, 
but did not see anything strange. 


After some thought, Klein raised his hand and tapped his 
glabella like he was thinking. 


The extent of his vision immediately transformed. The auras of 
the hawkers and pedestrians all appeared. 


Before Klein could observe the colors of their health, his 


attention was pulled away by the colors that represented 
gloominess. 


He was unable to determine the exact thoughts of the observed, 
but the despondent, apathetic, and gloomy impression was 
deeply carved into his heart. 


As he surveyed the area, he realized that even the sun could not 
disperse those dark colors. 


It was a sense of gloom that tainted them from years of 
repression. 


Upon seeing this, Klein instantly understood the reason. 


Just as Old Neil said, activating his Spirit Vision easily pulled 
him into unfamiliar environments and made him feel 
discomfort. It was also easy for himself to be affected by the 
emotions of others. 


A similar principle could be used on an ability like perception. 
This was an ability he obtained without additional practice after 
becoming a Seer. It was a passive sense that could not be 
declined. It allowed him to directly sense the existence of 
anything abnormal. 


There was bound to be a level of interaction when perceiving 
things; therefore, in the Beyonder eyes of someone like a Spirit 
Medium, the intensity of everyone’s perception is clear. It is like 
a fire in the night. Therefore, people with high perceptivity were 
naturally affected by the intense atmosphere of anything 
abnormal. It could only be repeatedly practiced to grasp, control, 
and adapt to such outcomes. 


“Such a repressed color is probably formed over extended periods 
of time, right?” Klein sighed as he shook his head, feeling 
somewhat affected. 


He tapped his glabella twice again and tried hard to converge his 
Spirituality. 


Tap. Tap. Tap. Klein walked toward the apartment and sensed for 
any abnormal existences or tiny connections while also 
searching for the Antigonus family’s notebook which “he” had 
hidden. 


The streets were the same as usual. There was filthy water and 
trash on the streets. It only cleared up when he reached the 
apartment’s entrance. 


Klein pushed open the half-closed door and circled the first floor 
in the darkness that the sunlight could not reach. 


The wooden stairs creaked constantly as he went up them. 


The second floor was as dim as always. Klein released his 
perception and looked into the darkness. 


However, not only did he fail to discover any clues regarding his 
notebook, he even failed to see any invisible spiritual bodies. 


“If it’s so easy to encounter them, most ordinary people would 
not have already sensed the existence of extraordinary 
matters...” Klein sighed in reflection. 


He had already understood that most “spirits” did not exist in the 


form of spiritual bodies, but in the form of spirituality. Only a 
Spirit Medium could effectively communicate with them. 


After circling the third floor once, Klein left the apartment and 
retraced his memory’s footsteps towards Welch’s place. 


He walked for a full hour but did not discover anything along the 
Way. 


Standing outside the gardened bungalow, Klein looked at the 
building through the locked iron gates and mumbled to himself, 
“There’s no need for me to search Welch’s place, right? Captain 
and Madam Daly must have done a carpet search of the place... 


“Besides, I don’t have the key. They can’t expect me to climb the 
walls, right... 


“Tl try another path tomorrow... 


“Ive walked so much today, but there are no step counter 
rankings...” 


While lampooning, Klein returned to the nearby district. He 
planned on taking a public carriage to Blackthorn Security 
Company to retrieve his daily allocation of thirty bullets. He 
needed to make use of his time and practice. 


A Seer’s lack of quick and effective offensive means could only be 
made up with his revolver and cane! 


The district around Welch’s place was relatively clean. Shops 
with clean and bright windows lined the two sides of the street. 


At the turn of the street, Klein was just about to seek out the 
carriage stop when his gaze swept past a few signboards on the 
second floor. 


“Harrods Department Store.” 


“Military Veterans Mess.” 


“Divination Club.” 


Divination Club... Klein silently repeated the name and recalled 
that he had to ‘act’ as a Seer. 


Yes, I should take a look... and seek out new ideas... 


Amid his mixed thoughts, Klein went across the street and went 
to the second floor. He entered the main foyer to see a beautiful 
female attendant. 


The woman with coiled brownish-yellow hair sized up Klein 
before saying with a smile, “Sir, do you wish to have your 
fortune told, or do you wish to join our club?” 


“What are the conditions for entry?” asked Klein casually. 


The woman explained with great familiarity, “Fill in your 
particulars and pay an annual membership fee. The first year is 
five pounds and subsequent years will be one pound a year. Don’t 
worry, we are not like political or business clubs which allow 


entry through recommendations from formal members. 


“Members can freely use the club’s meeting room and various 
divination rooms and tools. They can enjoy the coffee and tea we 
provide and read the newspapers and magazines we subscribe 
for free. They can buy lunch, dinner, and alcoholic beverages at 
cost price, as well as education materials and materials needed 
for divination. 


“In addition, we invite at least one famous fortune-teller to 
lecture every month to answer any questions. 


“Most importantly, you can find a bunch of friends with the 
same hobbies and have an exchange with them.” 


It sounds pretty good, but... I do not have the money... Klein gave 
a self-deprecating smile before asking, “Then what if I want my 
fortune told?” 


Chapter 28: Novice Hobhyist 


Upon hearing Klein’s question, the beautiful lady with elegantly 
tied-up brownish-yellow hair appeared to lose her patience. 
However, she maintained her smile and said, “Our members are 
free to do divination for others in the club. They also have their 
prices and we take a very tiny cut as a fee. If you wish to have 
your fortune told, you can take a look at this album. It has 
introductions and rates of the members who are willing to do 
divination for others.” 


“However, it’s Monday afternoon, so most of our members are 
busy at work. We only have five here today...” 


As she introduced the club, she invited Klein to have a seat on 
the sofa beside a window in the reception hall. Then, she flipped 
through the album and pointed out the present club members. 


“Hanass Vincent. Famous Tingen fortune-teller. The club’s 
resident mentor. Good at various forms of divination. He charges 
four soli each time.” 


It’s really expensive... That’s enough to feed Benson, Melissa, and 
me to two sumptuous dinners... Klein clicked his tongue silently 
and did not reply. 


When the woman saw this, she continued flipping the page and 
introducing one member after another. 


“..And the final one, Glacis. A member who joined the club this 
year. He is skilled in tarot divination. He charges two pence each 
time. 


“Sir, who do you plan on choosing?” 


Klein did not stand on ceremony and answered, “Mr. Glacis.” 


“.. The female attendant fell silent for two seconds before 
saying, “Sir, I have to remind you that Mr. Glacis is only 
considered a novice.” 


“I understand. I will be responsible for my own decision.” Klein 
nodded with a smile. 


“Then please follow me.” The woman stood up and led Klein 
through a door beside the reception hall. 


It was not a very long corridor and an open meeting room was 
situated at its end. There was enough sunlight and it was 
equipped with tables and chairs. There were newspapers, 
magazines, and paper cards. A faint coffee aroma drifted out. 


About two rooms from the meeting room, the attendant gestured 
for Klein to stop. She sped up her pace and entered the room. She 
shouted gently, “Mr. Glacis, someone wishes for your 
divination.” 


“Me?” A voice filled with surprise and doubt immediately 
sounded. Following that, there was the sound of a chair moving. 


“yes, which divination room would you like to use?” replied the 
lady without any emotion. 


“Topaz Room. I like topaz.” Glacis appeared by the meeting 
room’s door and looked curiously at Klein who was waiting not 


far away. 


He was a man in his thirties; his skin was slightly dark and his 
pupils were a dark green shade. Under his light, yellow and soft 
hair, he was dressed in a white shirt and black vest. A monocle 
hung from his chest and he seemed to have a good disposition. 


The attendant did not say anything further as she opened the 
door to the Topaz Room which was next to the meeting room. 


The curtains inside were tightly shut, making it dim. It appeared 
that only by doing so would one gain revelations from the gods 
and spirits to obtain an accurate divination outcome. 


“Hello there. ’'m Glacis. I never expected you to choose me for 
your divination.” Glacis gave a gentleman’s bow, briskly stepped 
into the room, and sat behind a long table. “Frankly, ’'m only 
attempting divination for others. I do not have much experience. 
For now, I’m not a good fortune-teller. You still have a chance for 
regret.” 


After Klein returned the bow, he entered and closed the door 
behind him. 


By the light seeping through the curtains, he said with a smile, 
“you are a really honest man, but I’m someone who is very firm 
on his choices.” 


“Please have a seat.” Glacis pointed at the seat in front of him 
and thought for a few seconds. “Divination is my hobby. Heh 
heh. In life, one often receives guidance from the divine, but the 
ordinary person is unable to accurately understand the 
meaning. This is the reason why divination exists and also why I 
joined this club. In this aspect, I still lack confidence. Let’s make 
the divination that follows an exchange, a free exchange. How do 


you like my suggestion? Ill cover the fees the club requires. It’s 
just a quarterpence.” 


Klein did not agree or shake his head. Instead, he smiled. 


“From the looks of it, you have a pretty well-paying and decent 
job.” 


While he said so, he leaned his body forward slightly. He held his 
forehead with his right fist and tapped at it twice. 


“But that does not enhance the accuracy of my divination,” 
answered Glacis humorously. “Does your head hurt? Do you 
want to divine problems regarding health?” 


“A little. I wish to divine where an item is.” Klein had already 
thought of an excuse as he slowly leaned back. 


In his eyes, Glacis’s aura clearly presented itself. The orange 
colors by his lungs were dark and sparse. They even influenced 
the brightness in other areas. 


This is not a symptom of exhaustion... Klein nodded in an 
indiscernible manner. 


“Are you searching for a lost item?” Glacis thought for a few 
seconds before saying, “Then let’s do a simple determination.” 


He pushed the neatly stacked tarot cards on the black table 
toward Klein. 


“Calm down. Think of that item and ask yourself ‘can it still be 
found.’ While doing so, shuffle and cut the deck.” 


“Alright.” Klein actually did not remember what the ancient 
notebook looked like. All he could do was repeat the question to 
himself: Can the Antigonus family’s notebook still be found? 


While he repeated the thought, he skillfully shuffled and cut the 
deck. 


Glacis picked the topmost card and pushed it in front of Klein. 
The card was facing down horizontally. 


“Turn it clockwise until it sits vertical. Then flip it open. If the 
card is inverted, which means the picture on the card is facing 
away from you, it indicates that the item cannot be found. If the 
card is upright, then we can continue the divination and seek its 
actual location.” 


Klein followed his instructions and turned the horizontal card 
vertical. 


He clasped the end of the tarot card and flipped it over. 


It was an inverted card. 


“What a pity.” Glacis sighed. 


Klein did not respond because his attention was focused on the 
tarot card in front of him. 


The inverted card’s picture was dressed in gorgeous clothes and 
splendid headdress—The Fool! 


It’s The Fool again? It can’t be so coincidental, right... According to 
the Hanged Man and Old Neil, divination is the outcome of the 
communication of spirituality and the spirit world with a higher- 
dimensional “me.” Tarot cards are only a convenient tool to read 
what the truth symbolizes. In theory, using any divination item 
doesn’t matter as it doesn’t affect the outcome... Klein frowned as 
he thought for a moment. 


“Can it be divined whether the item is already in the hands of 
others?” 


“Of course. Follow the same procedure and do it again.” Glacis 
nodded with rich interest. 


Klein shuffled and cut the deck while thinking of his question. 


He drew a card and placed it horizontally before turning it 
vertical clockwise. He finished all the preparations with a 
serious expression. 


Taking a deep breath, Klein reached out his hand and flipped 
over the tarot card. 


Please do not be The Fool again... 


While praying, he suddenly relaxed because the card was that of 
The Star and it was inverted! 


“From the looks of it, the item has not been taken by others yet,” 


interpreted Glacis with a smile. 


Klein nodded and raised his right hand. He tapped his glabella, 
looking as though he was deep in thought. Then, he took out two 
pennies with a dark copper luster from his pocket and pushed it 
towards Glacis. 


“Didn't I say it was free?” Glacis said with a frown. 


Klein laughed as he got up. 


“This is the respect divination deserves.” 


“Alright, thank you for your generosity.” Glacis stood up and 
reached out his hand. 


After shaking his hand, Klein took two steps back and turned 
around. He walked to the door and twisted the doorknob. 


Just as he was about to leave, he suddenly turned his head and 
made a terse sound. 


“Mr. Glacis, I suggest that you see a doctor as soon as possible. 
Focus on your lungs.” 


“Why?” asked Glacis in surprise. 


Are you cursing me because you aren’t pleased with the divination 
results? 


Klein thought for a moment before saying, “It’s a symptom based 
on the color of your face. You, well... your glabella seems dark. 


[iy 


“Glabella seems dark...” It was the first time Glacis was hearing 
such a description. 


Klein did not explain further as he walked out the room with a 
smile. He closed the wooden door behind him. 


“Is he an unlicensed doctor or a herbalist?” Glacis shook his 
head, amused. He then picked up his monocle for divination. 


On careful look, he realized his glabella was indeed dark. 


But this was a problem of the environment. In the darkness due 
to the closed curtains, not only was his glabella dark, his entire 
face was shrouded in darkness! 


“It’s not a very likable joke.” Glacis muttered. 


He worriedly divined his own health to make sure that 
everything was alright. 


After leaving the Divination Club, Klein had an additional plan 
for the future. 


It was to save as much money as possible to pay the annual fee 
to become a member of the club. After which, he could begin 


acting as a Seer. 


As for why he did not choose to do it independently, it was 
because he temporarily lacked the resources and channels. He 
could not bring himself to stand on the streets as a hawker since 
he cared for his reputation. 


A few minutes later, the public carriage arrived. He spent two 
pence and reached Zouteland Street which was not very far off. 


He pushed open the door to Blackthorn Security Company but did 
not see the familiar brown-haired girl. He only saw the black- 
haired, green-eyed Leonard Mitchell with his poetic bearing 
behind the reception counter. 


“Good afternoon. Where’s Rozanne?” Klein asked after taking off 
his hat and bowing. 


Leonard smiled and pointed at the partition. 


“It’s her shift tonight at the armory.” 


Without waiting for Klein to ask another question, Leonard said 
as though he was pondering over a matter, “Klein, I have a 
question that has always puzzled me.” 


“What is it?” Klein wore a blank look. 


Leonard stood up and smilingly said with a relaxed tone, “Why 
did Welch and Naya commit suicide on the spot while you 
returned home?” 


“It likely has to do with how the unknown existence made me 
take the Antigonus family’s notebook away to hide it,” answered 
Klein with the official surmise. 


Leonard paced around before turning to look straight into Klein’s 
eyes. 


“If your suicide was meant to silence you and wipe out any clues, 


why weren't you made to destroy the notebook there and then?” 


1. This is a classic Chinese saying to someone. It usually 
implies an ominous portent. 


Chapter 29: Interesting Trick 


In fact, I do not know if the notebook is destroyed or hidden... but 
by using backward reasoning, if it is to be destroyed, it could have 
been done on the spot. There was no need for me to take it away to 
carry out the destruction... 


Upon hearing Leonard’s question, Klein instantly went into 
keyboard detective mode and said with a sigh, “Perhaps when 
Welch, Naya, and I made contact with the unknown existence, it 
enjoyed the sacrifice of life or wished for similar situations to 
continue. With the suicide definitely easily discoverable, I was 
made to take away the notebook to hide it so as to prepare for 
the existence’s second round of entertainment. However, some 
mishap happened during the process and I failed to succeed in 
my suicide.” 


This was a reasoned guess Klein made from his consumption of 
novels, movies, and TV dramas which involved cult sacrifices. 


As for the mishap that happened midway, he knew very well 
that it was due to the unexpected variable of him being a 
transmigrator. 


“Quite a good explanation, but I believe there might be other 
possibilities. Welch’s and Naya’s suicide sacrifice might have 
made it possible for the unknown existence to descend on this 
world. Then, that notebook is a vessel or a breeding ground for 
evil. It made you take it away to hide it, worried that we would 
destroy it if we discovered its birth—before it became strong.” 
Leonard Mitchell suggested another possibility. 


Having said that, he stared into Klein’s eyes and smiled slightly. 


“Of course, perhaps the notebook has been destroyed. The goal is 
to hide its content, to conceal the vessel or the brooding of evil. 
That way, there is a sufficient reason for your failed suicide.” 


What does he mean? Is he suspecting me? Is he suspecting that 
the original Klein’s body is a vessel or used for the brooding of 
evil? No, what he’s being a vessel for is a transmigrator... 
Actually, “Brooding” isn’t a correct term. Klein was taken aback. 
While he secretly criticized the idea, he weighed his words. 


“I will not try to defend myself since I’ve lost memories from 
that period. Be it Captain or Madam Daly, they have already 
confirmed that I’m fine. Your joke isn’t funny.” 


“Tm only considering a possibility. It does not eliminate the blow 
the unknown existence encountered when it descended which 
caused your suicide to fail. We believe that the Goddess will 
ultimately bless us.” Leonard laughed as he changed the subject. 
“Did you discover anything in the afternoon?” 


After the conversation and the previous encounters, Klein was 
very wary of Leonard. He answered in a composed manner, “No. 
I plan on trying a different route tomorrow afternoon.” 


He pointed to the partition and said, “Ill need to head to the 
armory to draw the bullets.” 


The Shooting Club opened to nine at night. After all, its 
availability increased only after many of its members got off 
work. 


“May Goddess bless you.” Leonard smiled as he gestured the sign 
of the crimson moon on his chest. 


He watched Klein pass through the partition and listened to his 
footsteps down the stairs. Leonard’s smile gradually vanished as 
a look of doubt appeared in his green eyes. 


He whispered something with a displeased tone. 


Down the stairs, Klein followed the gas lamp-illuminated 
corridor to the armory and archives. 


The iron door was open and the brown-haired Rozanne was 
standing in front of the table. She was chatting with a top hat- 
wearing middle-aged man with a thick black beard. 


“Good afternoon, no. Good evening. It’s always night here. Klein, I 
heard from Old Neil that you have become a Beyonder? It’s called 
Seer?” Rozanne turned her head and deluged him with her 
questions. 


She did not hide her curiosity and concern. 


Klein nodded with a smile. 


“Good afternoon, Miss Rozanne. It’s indeed always night here, 
but it makes one feel a sense of serenity. The description you 
gave wasn’t accurate enough. It should be said that the Sequence 
potion I consumed has the name Seer.” 


“you still chose to become a Beyonder after all...” Rozanne said 
with a sigh as she fell into a deep thought. 


Klein looked at the middle-aged man beside her and asked 
politely, “You are?” 


Another Nighthawk member or one of the other two civilian staff I 
have not met? 


Rozanne puckered her lips and said, “Bredt. Our colleague. He 
wishes to change slots with me to free up the night after 
tomorrow. He plans on going to the theater in the North Borough 
with his wife to watch The Prideful One. It’s to celebrate their 
fifteenth-year wedding anniversary. He’s truly a romantic 
gentleman.” 


Bredt smiled as he extended his hand and said, “With Miss 
Rozanne around, there’s nothing that requires repeating. Hello, 
Klein. I never expected you to become a Beyonder so quickly. As 
for me, heh, I might never have the courage.” 


“Perhaps it’s as the saying goes, the ignorant knows no fear,” 
Klein said in a self-deprecating manner as he extended his hand 
to shake Bredt’s. 


“Me not having courage is not something bad,” said Bredt with a 
shake of his head. “A Beyonder once told me before his death to 
never probe strange and dangerous matters. The less you know, 
the longer you live.” 


At that moment, Rozanne interjected, “Klein, there’s no need to 
mind it. I heard from Old Neil that as a Seer, you are used as 
support. It’s relatively safe as long as you do not attempt to 
communicate with unknown existences. Why are you dressed in 
such clothes? It’s so unbecoming of a gentleman! What are you 
here for?” 


“Tm here to draw my thirty bullets.” Klein did not reply to 


Rozanne’s first question. 


He believed that the lady would quickly forget the matter. 


“Alright.” Rozanne pointed at the table and said, “Bredt, it’s all 
yours. You should know where the keys and bullets are. Oh, Old 
Neil really is petty. He did not even leave his hand ground coffee 
behind. He promised me that I could drink my fill today...” 


She prattled on as Klein received the bullets. 


The duo left together and went their separate ways at Zouteland 
Street. One took a public carriage home while the other walked 
into the Shooting Club. 


Bang! Bang! Bang! 


Klein repeated the process—gripping the gun, raising his arms, 
shooting, releasing the cylinder, ejecting the empty shells, and 
stuffing in rounds—again and again. He became familiar with 
the process and built it into his muscle memory. 


Of course, he had a few breaks in between to review and correct 
the process. 


After finishing his practice, Klein used the grounds to do various 
exercises like push-ups. He worked hard to train his body to 
improve his physique. 


Once everything was over, he sat in an untracked carriage home. 
Only then he realized it was nearing seven and the sky was 
already dark. 


Just as Klein was planning to head to the market or streets to 
buy the ingredients for dinner, the door opened. Melissa had 
returned with her stationery-filled bag. 


Apart from that, she carried quite a lot of groceries. 


“..1 thought you and Benson would be home rather late. This 
morning, I took out 1 soli from the place where you stash your 
money.” Upon seeing her brother’s questioning look, Melissa 
explained in her usual serious manner. 


“Since you took the money, why didn’t you take the public 
carriage to school?” Klein had been reminded of the matter from 
the morning. 


Melissa said with a frown, “Why should I take a public carriage. 
It costs four pence to get to school. A return trip means eight 
pence. Counting Benson and you, we will be spending twenty- 
four pence on transportation daily. That’s a whole two soli! Ina 
week, yes, without counting Sunday, that’s still twelve soli. It’s 
almost equal to our rent.” 


Stop, stop, stop! Don’t flaunt your mathematical prowess... Klein 
lowered his palm in an amused manner. 


Melissa first stopped before adding, “It’s pretty good walking to 
school. Our teacher said that everyone should exercise 
frequently. Besides, I can pick some damaged components on the 
way.” 


Klein chuckled and said, “Then let’s do the math again. The 
public carriage costs twelve soli. The rent is twelve soli and three 
pence. It’s a total of one pound, four soli and three pence. Using 
Benson’s salary is enough to pay for it and there will be quite a 
bit of change left. Yes, he received last week’s salary... As for me, 


I can still earn one pound ten soli every week. Even if we eat 
meat every day while counting expenses like gas, charcoal, 
wood, and condiments, we would still have some left if we are 
frugal with lunch. We can even subscribe to the morning papers 
for just one penny.” 


“In two months, when I make up for the advanced payment, I 
can save money for both you and Benson. We can have new 
clothes.” 


“But! But we have to think of the possible accidents.” Melissa 
stayed firm on her point. 


Klein smiled at her and said, “Then, we can eat less meat. Don’t 
you find spending fifty, no, a hundred minutes on the road a 
waste of time? You could use that time to read more and think 
over problems and improve your results. 


“That way, Melissa, you will graduate with excellent grades. You 
will be able to find a job with a pretty good salary. When that 
happens, what is there to worry about?” 


“ ” 
eee 


He fully displayed his experience gained from debating with 
people on message boards and finally convinced Melissa. She 
agreed to take the public carriage to school. 


Phew, I’ve finally suckered her into doing it. No, how can I call it 
suckering. This is called convincing... Klein lampooned before 
taking over the groceries that Melissa had bought. He said with a 
sigh, “Remember to buy beef or meat like mutton and chicken... 
Eat until you're full and enjoy yourself. Only then will you be 
equipped with a healthy body and a clever brain to match the 
demanding requirements needed for your studies.” 


Just mentioning it makes me salivate... 


Melissa puckered her lips and after a few seconds of silence, 
said, “Alright.” 


The next morning, after ensuring that Melissa took a public 
carriage, Klein and Benson separated and went to their 
respective companies. 


The moment Klein stepped into the door, he saw Old Neil and 
Rozanne chatting by the reception desk. The former was still in 
his classic black robe, without any concern for the gazes of 
others. The latter had changed into a casual cream-colored 
dress. 


“Good morning, Mr. Neil, Miss Rozanne,” greeted Klein as he took 
off his hat. 


Old Neil gave him a mischievous look. 


“Good morning, you did not hear anything you shouldn’t have 
heard last night, right?” 


“No, I slept very well.” Klein was also quite puzzled over that. 


He could only put it down to his inadequate perception... 


“Haha, don’t mind that. Actually, it’s not that easily heard.” Old 
Neil pointed to the partition and said, “Go to the armory. We will 


continue our mysticism lessons this morning.” 


Klein nodded and followed Old Neil down the stairs and arrived 
at the armory to replace Bredt who had been on duty the entire 
night. 


“What will we be learning today?” asked Klein curiously. 


Old Neil dragged out his response and said, “The complicated 
and basic knowledge. But before that, let me teach you an 
interesting trick.” 


He pointed at the silver chain on his wrist. There was a pure 
moonstone hanging from the chain. 


Chapter 40: Mysticism Curriculum 


“An interesting trick?” 
Klein asked out of extreme curiosity. 


Old Neil chuckled and said, “I'll complete my patrol of the 
armory, storeroom, and archives. Use the two cups on the table 
to make two cups of coffee. In one of the cups, put something 
unpleasant. As for what it is, you can decide for yourself. Use 
your imagination. The only request from me is to not waste too 
much coffee powder. Those are coffee beans grown on the 
Feynapotter plateau and hand ground by me!” 


“Alright.” Although Klein was unsure what Old Neil was up to, he 
happily agreed to it. 


He watched him open the iron gates to the armory with a copper 
key and then heard the echoing footsteps inside. Slowly, he 
settled the cups down and confirmed that there was still hot 
water in the kettle. 


He removed the silver tin can’s lid and using a tiny spoon with a 
metallic sheen, Klein scooped a spoonful of rich aromatic coffee 
powder into each of the two cups. Then, he poured in the hot 
water and stirred it. 


As a transmigrator who came from an era abundant in 
resources, he was no stranger to coffee. However, it was only 
limited to instant coffee. 


After finishing the task, Klein pondered for a moment and sat 


down. He crossed his right leg and took some of the mud which 
had stained the bottom of his leather boots and placed it in the 
left cup. 


Then, he carefully stirred it again until the colors and smells of 
the two cups of coffee were practically indistinguishable. 


A few minutes later, Old Neil walked out the armory while 
swinging his keys. He then closed the iron gates with a clang. 


“Are you done?” He turned his slightly turbid dark red eyes over 
and looked at Klein across the table. 


“Yes,” replied Klein with a nod. 


Old Neil chuckled and removed the silver chain around his wrist 
and sat down. 


His expression quickly turned serene. He held out his chain- 
holding left hand and allowed it to hang over the coffee cup to 
his right. The moonstone nearly touched the liquid. 


Amid the relaxing calmness, the moonstone trembled suddenly. 
It began spinning the chain in a counterclockwise manner. 


“This cup is the one with the unpleasant thing,” said Old Neil 
surely. 


Without waiting for Klein to confirm, he put away the silver 
chain and picked up the other cup of coffee and took a sip. 


“Do you like bitter coffee? ['m used to having a tablespoon of 
sugar and a tablespoon of milk.” 


Klein did not reply but instead asked with his interest piqued, 
“your divination sure is accurate. Was it because of the 
moonstone? That was moonstone, right?” 


“This is known as pendulum dowsing in divination. It’s also 
called spirit dowsing. It relies on your own Astral Projection’s 
connection with the spirit world and the cosmos to 
communicate with spiritual intelligence through the aid of 
natural materials such as crystals, gems, or special metals. The 
good and bad of things can be divined... Let’s talk about the two 
cups of coffee. A counterclockwise motion implies bad, while a 
clockwise motion is good. If it doesn’t move, it’s neither good nor 
bad. You can write the statement on a piece of paper. Take note, 
it’s a statement and not a question.” Old Neil put down the cup of 
coffee and explained in detail. 


Klein asked as though he was thinking, “Does that mean one 
shouldn’t use questioning sentences?” 


“yes, you cannot use “is so-and-so willing to be my fiancée,’ but 
you should instead use ‘so-and-so is willing to be my fiancée.’ 
Write it on a piece of paper and place it on the desk. Then use 
your dominant hand to hold the pendulum chain. Take note, use 
your dominant hand,” said Old Neil with a chuckle. “When doing 
so, keep your arm straight. Adjust the chain’s length and make 
the moonstone hang just above the piece of paper to the point of 
almost touching what we wrote. Then, close your eyes and 
repeat the sentence seven times in your mind. Open your eyes 
when you are done and see if the spirit pendulum turns or not. If 
it doesn’t, close your eyes again and repeat the process until it 
moves.” 


Klein nodded slightly and asked, “Counterclockwise means ‘no,’ 
and clockwise means ‘yes?” 


“It can also be interpreted as success or failure,” corrected Old 
Neil. He taught Klein the other usages and details of spirit 
pendulum divination. 


Klein pondered over the matter and discovered that it was a very 
useful divination trick. For instance, he could quickly use it in an 
unfamiliar environment to determine if the food he was offered 
was poisonous or not. He did not need any additional knowledge 
of field biology. 


Of course, such divination methods were overly simple. The 
answers he could receive were limited to two or three. There was 
no way for deeper investigation or interpretation. For example, 
although something could be harmful to the body, it could 
become very beneficial after some processing. An example was 
certain foods. They were indeed damaging to the body, but 
nothing serious. If one was on the brink of starving, eating it 
would not be a huge problem. These were things that spirit 
dowsing could not determine. 


“I will have to quickly save money to buy crystals or pure silver 
to create a spirit pendulum...” Klein sighed. 


Old Neil looked at him in puzzlement. 


“you can apply for one directly. This is a standard issue for 
Beyonders, especially Beyonders like us who take on a support 
role. There’s still a topaz and pure silver spirit pendulum in the 
armory.” 


“But I’m still not a formal member of the team...” Klein’s heart 
palpitated in excitement, but he felt a little hesitant. 


Old Neil chuckled and said, “For Beyonders, regardless of 
whether they are formal members or not, they have to be 


provided with conveniences in other areas since there’s no pay 
rise.” 


“Maybe the word ‘perk’ is more suitable. I'll apply with Captain 
later!” Klein clenched his fists secretly as he made up his mind. 


How was he to know if Captain would approve his request without 
trying? 


“Alright,” said Old Neil with a smile. “We can officially begin our 
mysticism curriculum. The basics consist of symbolism. Do you 
know what symbolism means?” 


Klein recalled the bits and pieces he had heard and the things he 
had seen and heard from his spirit world and the gray fog. He 
deliberated and said, “Regardless of the spirit world or the 
illusory cosmos, as well as the unknown realms, they are 
beyond our sensory world. It’s not something that can be 
accurately described by the information our ears, nose, and eyes 
obtain. What we obtain are simply indescribable experiences and 
direct revelations. They also appear as abstract characters or 
pictorial symbols. These symbols represent different items and 
different meanings.” 


“Very accurate. As expected of a Seer.” Old Neil nodded solemnly. 
“Only by grasping the ability to interpret the symbols can you 
really take the next step into the world of mysticism. Yes, the 
pictures on tarot cards and each of the elements in the pictures 
are symbols. They are man-made symbols that help us 
understand and interpret primordial revelations.” 


He pulled out a piece of paper and picked up a fountain pen 
beside him. He drew a short curve. 


Following that, he added a few vertical lines beneath the curve. 


He looked up at Klein and asked, “Do you know what this symbol 
represents?” 


Klein looked at it for quite a while before saying hesitatingly, 
“Eyelashes?” 


“..” Old Neil exhaled. “This is the symbol of the Bumper Harvest 
constellation. This is the Thunderous constellation, and this is 
the Frost constellation...” 


He casually drew a few more symbols. 


As Klein memorized them, he could not help but comment, “The 
names of these constellations are really... especially 
unsophisticated. Yes, unsophisticated!” 


How tacky and primordial... 


Old Neil revealed a smile. 


“Emperor Roselle thought the same back then. He always had 
the intention of changing the constellation names to things like 
Virgo, Cancer, and Scorpio. Unfortunately, he did not have the 
strength to go against tradition. At the very least, these 
constellations’ old names and the corresponding dates that they 
represent guide farming and harvests.” 


“I have to say that Emperor Roselle sure is a person with ideas.” 
Klein was at a loss for words. 


Yes, Emperor Roselle was likely a decent person when he was 
alive... 


Old Neil was unable to understand Klein’s humor as he 
continued explaining the various basic symbols, such as the 
various constellations, the sun, the crimson moon, the Brown 
Planet, the Scarlet Planet, and the Blue Planet. 


While talking about these, he would teach Klein how to draw the 
divination astrolabe and indicate what things to pay attention 
to. He also taught the materials and creation of a crystal ball, 
and the choice of incantations. The teachings overwhelmed 
Klein. 


If not for his discovery that the Seer potion had improved his 
memory slightly, he would have long asked Old Neil to stop to 
aid his digesting of the information. 


“That’s all for today’s mysticism class. Think over it yourself and 
ask me if you have any questions.” Old Neil took out a gold 
pocket watch and opened it with a snap to check the time. “Do 
not forget to read the historical documents I prepared for you. To 
be frank, I feel fear seeing them.” 


“Alright.” Klein took the pieces of paper that were sketched with 
symbols by Old Neil. He quickly went through the mysticism 
knowledge he learned today to prevent himself from forgetting 
if, 


Old Neil took a sip of a newly brewed cup of coffee and said, 
“Memory itself won’t do. You have to use it often. That way, you 
can make the knowledge instinctual. Also, Cogitation has to be 
carried on every day. Only more practice and usage will allow 
you to grasp the power of the potion, digging into the mysteries 
it hides away and removing its unpleasant effects. 


With this raised, Klein recalled acting and the Divination Club. 
He probed, “My potion’s abilities are related to divination. 
Practicing by myself will not do. I need to make contact with lots 


of people and divine for them to quickly grasp it. I plan on 
joining the Divination Club after having some spare cash—the 
one on Howes Street in North Borough—to become a real Seer.” 


This was not something he could hide from the Nighthawks in 
the future. It was better to prepare them. 


“your idea is very similar to Daly’s. She has always clamored to 
be a real Spirit Medium.” Old Neil shook his head and laughed. 
“But why must you wait till you have spare cash? You can apply 
to Dunn and get him to approve of the expenses!” 


“Organizations like a Divination Club might also have cultists or 
members of evil organizations in them. As a civilian staff 
member of the Nighthawks and a standard Beyonder, your 
membership makes it easy for us to monitor them. It’s part of 
the job! We would regularly monitor these places, but as we lack 
manpower, we can't keep watch on them for long. Now, it can be 
handled to you.” 


I can do that? As he looked at Old Neil’s serious expression, Klein 
was dumbfounded. 


This is making an expense claim for private matters! 


I know nothing about such matters... 


Indeed, I’m just a keyboard warrior... 


“you wish to use your own money to do this?” Old Neil smiled as 
he added when he saw Klein’s face. 


Klein immediately shook his head as he answered firmly, “I plan 
on reporting it to Captain!” 


Old Neil nodded in satisfaction and looked at the cup of coffee 
with the unpleasant thing inside. It had not been poured away. 


“What did you put in there?” 


Klein smiled embarrassingly. 


“It's just some dirt underneath my boots. Its color and your 
coffee powder looks almost the same.” 


Old Neil was taken aback as he suddenly clasped his mouth and 
roared, “Why aren't you pouring it away yet!?” 


Chapter 41: Audrey and Her Susie 


After pouring away the coffee and returning to the armory to 
take the thick stack of historical materials and explanatory 
transcripts from Old Neil, Klein followed the wall of lights up the 
staircase to the Blackthorn Security Company. 


Tap. Tap. Tap. His footsteps echoed in the sealed and quiet 
basement. 


After Klein left the spiral staircase, he pushed open the door and 
identified his bearings before heading for the second office 
opposite of him. 


After familiarizing himself for two days, he had a general 
understanding of the layout of the Blackthorn Security Company. 


The entrance brought visitors to a huge reception hall with sofas 
and tables. Through the partition, there was an inner region. To 
the left of the corridor were three rooms. From the nearest to the 
furthest, they were Mrs. Orianna’s account room, a rest room 
with a few sofa beds, and the staircase that led underground. 


On the right were three rooms. From the nearest to the furthest 
was Captain Dunn Smith’s office, a civilian staff office with a 
typewriter, and the recreation room for formal members of the 
Nighthawks team. 


Klein had previously seen Leonard Mitchell playing cards with 
two other teammates in the recreation room. He guessed that 
they were playing Fighting the Landlord. Of course, Emperor 
Rochelle had already given it a new name—Fighting Evil. 
However, the way it was played was identical to what Klein 


knew. 


Bredt was entitled to a day of sleep after a night shift. Rozanne 
was at the reception desk. The carriage driver who was in charge 
of procuring necessities and collecting supplies, Cesare Francis, 
was out as usual. When Klein opened the door to the civilian 
staff office, the three desks inside were empty. Only the 
typewriter sat there silently. 


“Akerson Company’s Model 1346 typewriter...” Klein, who had 
seen similar objects in his mentor’s office and Welch’s place, 
muttered. He felt that the complicated mechanisms inside were 
filled with the beauty of machinery. 


He walked to the desk with the typewriter. After preparing 
himself, he attempted to type something on air. 


In the beginning, he often converted the local language to 
Chinese ‘pinyin’ instinctively. Only after he was familiar with it 
did he ‘digest’ the original Klein’s corresponding memory 
fragment and no longer made mistakes. 


Tap! Tap! Tap! 


The rhythmic tapping on the typewriter sounded like a melody 
composed from the heavy marriage of metal and industry. 
Under this melody, Klein quickly typed the expenditure 
application. 


However, he was in no hurry to meet Dunn Smith. Instead, he 
focused his mind and read the materials provided by Old Neil 
seriously. It was both revision and new material. 


When it was almost noon, he stretched his neck and put away 
the documents. He then read and consolidated what he had 
learned on mysticism in the morning. 


Only after all that did he take his application to the office next 
door and knocked on the door gently. 


Dunn was waiting for lunch to be delivered. When he saw Klein 
hand him the document, the corners of his mouth curved up. 


“Did Old Neil teach you this?” 


“Yes.” Klein did not hesitate to betray Old Neil. 


Dunn picked up his dark red fountain pen and signed it. 


“I happen to be applying for funding for the months of July, 
August, and September from the Church and the police 
department. I'll add yours in. When it’s approved, get the money 
from Mrs. Orianna. You can draw the spirit pendulum in the 
afternoon.” 


“Alright,” Klein answered simply and vigorously. 


His tone and eyes were obviously filled with joy. 


Before bidding Dunn farewell, he asked casually, “Shouldn’t the 
budget for July, August, and September be applied for by June?” 


Why are you applying for July’s budget only in July? 


Dunn fell silent for a few seconds before sipping his coffee. 


“We encountered three cases in June. I was so busy that I forgot 
about it.” 


As expected of Captain and his poor memory... Klein knew he had 
asked a question he should not have asked. He gave a chuckle 
before leaving immediately. 


With that, he began a simple but regular lifestyle. He would 
spend half an hour in the early morning Cogitating. He would 
have two hours of mysticism lessons in the morning and an 
hour and a half of studying the historical documents. After 
lunch, he would take a short nap in the break room to regain his 
energy. 


Following that, he would draw bullets and head to the Shooting 
Club. After finishing his practice, he would stroll over to Welch’s 
place, which was not too far. He would then change routes and 
return to Iron Cross Street. That way, he could save on the 
carriage fees. If he had time, he would practice his Spirit Vision 
and Spirit Dowsing. On the way, he would buy groceries. 


In a private chemistry laboratory equipped with apparatus and 
items. 


A tall, blond Audrey was looking at the cup in her hand. There 
were countless bubbles and it made the atmosphere serene. 


Finally, the liquid in the cup precipitated into a sticky silver 
substance. 


“Haha, I’m indeed talented in mysticism. I succeeded in one try! I 
was wotried of failure and prepared two sets of materials!” the 
girl muttered to herself in delight. 


She put away the items she took from her family’s vault or 
exchanged them with others. She took a deep breath and 
prepared to close her eyes to drink down the Spectator potion. 


At that moment, barking sounded from outside the laboratory. 
Audrey frowned instantly. 


She hid the cup of silver liquid in a dark corner, turned around 
and headed to the door. 


“Susie, who’s here?” Audrey turned the doorknob and asked the 
golden retriever sitting in front of the door. 


Susie wagged her tail in an obsequious manner. Her personal 
maidservant, Annie, had appeared in the corridor nearby. 


Audrey walked out of the laboratory and closed the door. She 
looked at Annie and said, “Didn't I tell you? Do not disturb me 
when I’m running chemistry experiments.” 


A vexed Annie answered, “But there’s an invitation from the 
Duchess, Duchess Della.” 


“Duke Negan’s wife?” Audrey took a few steps forward and asked 
Annie. 


“yes. She has managed to hire the services of the palace’s baker, 
Madam Vivi, and plans to invite you and Madam to afternoon 


tea,” Annie recounted the invitation. 


Audrey tapped her cheeks discreetly and said, “Tell my mother 
that I have a headache. Perhaps I’m a little dehydrated because 
of the scorching sun. Please get her to convey my apologies to 
Madam Della.” 


As she spoke, she acted frail. 


“Miss, it’s not only afternoon tea, but a literature salon,” added 
Annie. 


“But that won’t treat my dizziness. I need rest,” rejected Audrey 
firmly. 


Simultaneously, she muttered deep down. If they insist, I'll faint 
for all of you to see. The etiquette teacher said that I can do it most 
perfectly... I think I heard something? 


“Alright,” Annie exhaled and said. “Do you need me to help you 
back to your room?” 


“There’s no need. I'll clean up the laboratory first.” Audrey was 
yearning to return immediately to consume the potion. 


However, she suppressed her impatience. She only returned to 
the laboratory’s entrance when she saw Annie leave. 


Suddenly, she discovered that the golden retriever, Susie, who 
was waiting outside, was gone. Furthermore, the door to the 
laboratory was half opened. 


“I forgot that Susie can open doors with handles... What was that 
sound? Not good!” Audrey heard crisp sounds coming from 
within. Suddenly, she came to a realization as she charged into 
the laboratory. 


All she could see was the cups shattered on the floor. Susie was 
licking the final drop of silver liquid. 


Audrey stood rooted at the entrance like a statue. 


Susie immediately sat down and looked at her owner innocently 
as she wagged her tail. 


In the seas beyond the Pritz Harbor, there was an island 
perennially enveloped in storms. An ancient sailboat was docked 
at its harbor. 


A blond man dressed in a robe with lightning patterns was 
looking at Alger Wilson opposite to him. He asked, perplexed, 
“Alger, you could have returned to the kingdom and become a 
captain of a Mandated Punisher team or a reputable bishop. Why 
did you choose to voyage out into sea and become the captain of 
the Blue Avenger?” 


Alger wore a stoic expression on his rough face. He replied 
solemnly, “The sea belongs to the Storm. This is the Lord’s 
kingdom. I’m willing to abide by the Lord’s will and monitor this 
area of His kingdom.” 


“Alright.” The blond haired man clenched his fist and struck his 
chest. “May the Storm be with you.” 


“May the Storm be with you.” Alger replied with the same 
standard salute. 


He stood on the deck with a few sailors and watched his 
companions leave the boat, walking into the distance. 


“Sainz, you do not understand because you do not know 
enough...” Alger muttered silently. 


Meanwhile, Audrey finished her second concoction in a panic- 
stricken state. 


Seeing that the silver potion looked nothing different from 
before, she was nearly moved to tears. 


Gulp. She quickly drank down the Spectator potion. 


Friday. A storm befell Tingen. The heavy rain pounded on the 
windows of every household. 


Inside the Blackthorn Security Company, Klein, Rozanne, and 
Bredt sat on the sofa in the reception hall and enjoyed lunch. 


As there was only a kettle for boiling water, there was no way to 
heat up leftovers. Klein could not eat rye bread every day or take 
the carriage home every day. If he did that, he would have to 
walk from Iron Cross Street to Welch’s place in the afternoon and 
consider taking a carriage back. It was a waste of money; 
therefore, he began joining Rozanne and his colleagues in eating 
the so-called ‘office rations.’ 


The nearby Old Will’s Restaurant would punctually send a waiter 
at half past ten every day. He would ask for their orders and 
after determining the quantity, he would send it over at half past 
twelve. The food was contained in what resembled meal boxes. 
At three, he would return to take their orders for dinner and take 
back the utensils. 


The ‘rations’ included meat, vegetables, and bread. Although the 
quantity was lacking, it was barely sufficient to fill a person. A 
cost of a meal ranged from seven to ten pence depending on the 
different premium levels. 


Klein would always thicken his skin and order the meal costing 
seven pence. Typically, there was half a pound of wheat bread, a 
tiny piece of meat cooked in different ways, a ladle of thick soup 
with vegetables, and tiny bits of butter or margarine. 


“We actually only have one Nighthawk here today...” Rozanne 
said as she delivered a spoonful of thick soup into her mouth. 


“I heard that a case with cultist elements is going on in Golden 
Indus. Therefore, the police department has requested for two 
Nighthawks...” Bredt said as he put down his bread. 


Klein used the remaining wheat bread and dabbed it into the last 
bits of meat juice before stuffing it into his mouth. He did not 
say a word. 


Under his left sleeve, there was a silver chain with a topaz 
hanging. 


At that moment, knocks sounded outside the half-closed main 
door. 


“Please come in.” Rozanne was taken aback as she put down 
her spoon. She quickly used a handkerchief to wipe her mouth 
and stood up. 


The door was pushed open as a man in a halved top hat came in. 
The left shoulder of his black formal suit was drenched. 


The sides of his hair had grayed. He put away his umbrella and 
said to Klein and company, “Is this the former small mercenary 
squad?” 


“you can say that,” answered Rozanne like clockwork. 


The lanky man coughed and said, “I have a mission request.” 


Chapter 42: Butler Klee 


A mission request... You probably came to the wrong place... This 
security company’s signboard is really nothing but a signboard... 


Klein immediately held back his urge to lampoon when he heard 
the visitor. How he yearned for there to be a message board and 
a screen for him to share his thoughts. 


But he soon realized that he had once asked a similar question. 
The captain’s answer was that they could take on jobs if they 
were free. The money earned could be used as funding for the 
team’s petty cash account and bonuses for the participants. 


Rozanne’s eyes darted around as she thought for a moment 
before saying, “Our security personnel are all out on missions. 
The fastest it will take for them to return is an hour. If your 
matter isn’t urgent, you can consider our services.” 


Among the six formal Nighthawk members, Captain Dunn Smith 
had been invited to the cathedral by the bishop for some 
unknown discussion. Leonard Mitchell was guarding Chanis 
Gate in his place. 


Corpse Collector Frye and Sleepless Royale Reideen had already 
headed to the Golden Indus Borough to assist the police in the 
investigation of a robbery case with cultist inklings. Sleepless 
Kenley White was on leave, while Midnight Poet Seeka Tron had 
gone to Raphael Cemetery in the north suburb for a daily patrol. 


As for the remaining two Beyonders, Old Neil was frail and too 
advanced in his years. He had not taken any missions in a long 
time. Klein was still a novice and was truly inadequate in 


various aspects. 


“They are all out...” With one hand holding his umbrella, the 
lanky man’s expression turned gloomy as he took off his hat. He 
bowed and said, “Sorry for intruding. Goodbye.” 


He turned around and walked out. He went down the stairs and 
left 36 Zouteland Street amid the spattering rain and howling 
winds. 


“What a bloody pity.” Rozanne watched the man left and sighed 
regretfully. 


Although she would not have gotten any share of the 
commission, she definitely would have been able to partake in a 
sumptuous meal. 


“There’s nothing we can do about it. Chanis Gate needs someone 
watching it all the time.” Klein put down his cutlery in 
satisfaction. Even though he did not like the soup mixture of 
turnips and vegetables, he still drank it clean. “Don’t tell me you 
want Bredt to take the mission? Or yourself?” 


Rozanne rolled her eyes and giggled. 


“Bredt won't do, but you can. Our Mister Seer...” 


The moment she finished her sentence, she immediately 
realized what she had just said. She covered her mouth in shock 
because the door had not been fully closed. It someone walked 
past outside or heard anything about Beyonders, it would be 
considered a leak. 


“Thankfully Captain isn’t around...” Rozanne looked out the door 
and secretly stuck her tongue out. “Or I'll have to go for 
confession again!” 


Bredt and Klein laughed out in unison as they exchanged looks 
before beginning to put away the cutlery. 


After everything was done, Klein, who did not bring his 
umbrella, decided to stay at Blackthorn Security Company due to 
the ongoing rain. 


He took out some newspapers and sat on the soft but bouncy 
sofa as he leisurely began his ‘afternoon break.’ 


“The airship route from Backlund to Desi Bay is now in service...” 


“The complete anthology of the Great Detective Manseng is 
publishing soon...” 


“An advertisement for Lagolas Weapons? A standard model 
revolver carrying six bullets costs three pounds and ten soli, a 
double barrel gun costs two pounds...” 


Klein flipped through the Tingen City Honest Paper when a 
particular piece of news suddenly caught his attention. 


“the suspect responsible for killing Mr. Welch and Miss Naya 
has been caught. We believe it is a much-needed reprieve from 
the horror that has gripped North Borough, Golden Indus 
Borough, and East Borough... Welch’s father, Mr. McGovern, who 


is a banker, has escorted his youngest son’s corpse back to 
Constant City where a grand burial will be held...” 


After reading it a few times, Klein suddenly sighed. 


From the looks of it, Welch’s father had bought the police’s 
explanations and did not hire a private investigator to investigate 
the matter... 


His grief from losing his youngest son can’t be any greater than 
that of my parents who lost their only son... 


In a sullen mood, Klein sat there motionless for a long time. 


He neither found it odd that he was not invited to Welch’s and 
Naya’s burials, nor did he feel depressed. 


Once everything calms down, I'll find a chance to offer a bouquet 
of flowers to their graves... Klein was about to take a nap in the 
break room when a knock came from the door of the reception 
hall again. 


“Please come in.” Rozanne, who was nodding off, suddenly jolted 
awake. 


The half-closed door was pushed open again. The lanky man 
from before walked in once again. 


“Can I wait here? Your mercenaries, no— security personnel 
should be back soon, right?” He asked sincerely, trying his best to 
hide his anxious expression. 


“Sure. Please have a seat.” Rozanne pointed at the sofa nearby. 


Klein asked out of curiosity, “Where did you hear about our 
security company? Who introduced you here?” 


He had made two trips despite the heavy afternoon storm while 
still willing to wait? 


Yes. The Nighthawks must have easily resolved missions that 
might seem very difficult to others. They must have accrued quite 
a reputation... 


The man left his umbrella outside the door and as he walked to 
the sofa, he replied with a rueful smile, “I have traveled the 
nearby streets and paid a visit to all the mercenaries, uh— 
security companies and private investigators. You are my only 
hope. The others do not have the manpower to take additional 
missions... To be frank, if not for the waiter that delivers meals, I 
really did not imagine that there was another security company 
here,” 


It’s completely different from what I imagined... Klein was 
stunned. 


Rozanne interjected with a question, “They are very busy? Are 
there that many missions?” 


The man sat down and sighed. 


“you are a mercenary team, no—a security company. I believe 
you must have heard of the armed burglary murder at Howes 
Street?” 


Howes Street... Armed burglary murder... Alright, unfortunately, 
I’m one of the people involved... Klein nodded with a slightly heavy 
heart. 


“Yeas.” 


“Due to the presence of a ferocious and cruel criminal, the rich 
men living in the neighboring streets, and even across all of 
Tingen City, are terrified. Apart from increasing the numbers of 
their security detail, they have also hired many more security 
personnel and private detectives. This resulted in a shortage of 
supply in your line of work,” the tall and skinny man explained 
clearly. 


A standard chain-reaction... Klein and Rozanne exchanged looks 
and saw the self-deprecating smile from each other’s faces. 


The security industry had entered a golden age. Yet, Blackthorn 
Security Company was not affected in any way. It was apparent 
how dismally the company was run. 


Of course, to a certain extent, it also proved the success of the 
Nighthawks in hiding themselves. 


After waiting for another twenty plus minutes, Klein prepared to 
leave since the rain was coming to a stop. He planned on 
practicing at the Shooting Club. 


At that moment, the black-haired and green-eyed Leonard 
Mitchell walked out of the partition. He looked curiously at the 
sofa. 


“This is?” 


“A Client. Is Captain back?” Rozanne asked delightfully. 


“Back?” The lanky man was taken aback when he heard that. 


He had been sitting there, staring at the door. How did he not 
discover someone's return? 


Rozanne’s expression immediately froze as she chuckled. 


“AS a security company, we don’t only use the front door.” 


“Figures.” The lanky man nodded in enlightenment. 


He was also not surprised by the term ‘Captain.’ Security 
companies were mercenary teams or small-scale mercenary 
guilds. It was normal for ‘Captain’ to be used. 


Leonard did not tuck in his white shirt. His black vest was also 
casually draped on. He took a glance at the lanky man when he 
suddenly snapped his fingers and said, “’m a member of the 
security personnel at Blackthorn. How might I address you? How 
may I help you?” 


Perhaps it was because he had long heard about the 
unrestrained characters of mercenaries that he did not feel the 
anger of being humiliated. Instead, he let out a breath of relief. 


He watched Leonard sit down, and organized his words. 


“My name is Klee, a butler of Mr. Vickroy, a tobacco merchant. 
His only son, little Elliott, was kidnapped this morning. We have 


already informed the police and the matter has been given high 
priority. However, Mr. Vickroy remains uneasy. He wishes to go 
through the channels which mercenaries, uh—security 
personnel have, as well as your understanding of Tingen, to 
investigate the case from a different angle and ensure that little 
Elliott is rescued safely.” 


“If you are able to find where the kidnappers are hiding, Mr. 
Vickroy will be willing to pay you 100 pounds. If you have the 
means to successfully save Young Master Elliott, he is willing to 
pay double. 200 pounds.” 


Leonard Mitchell smiled leisurely. 


“Mr. Vickroy seems to only wish for us to find the kidnappers’ 
hideout? If not, he will not think that his only son is worth a 
hundred pounds. A tobacco merchant who has close ties with the 
southern plantations will not just offer two hundred pounds.” 


“No, Mr. Vickroy is only an ordinary merchant. He’s not 
considered wealthy. Besides, he believes the police will be more 
professional when it comes to rescuing his son,” Klee answered 
frankly. 


“Alright. No problem.” Leonard snapped his fingers again. 


His green eyes turned their gaze on Rozanne. 


“My beautiful lady, please write up a contract.” 


“Don’t always act like a poet. In fact, all you do is recite the 
works of others.” Having forgotten the presence of the client, 
Rozanne quipped. She was used to exchanging snipes with 


Leonard. 


Of course, the Blackthorn Security Company did not really care 
about its clients. It was great to have them, but it was also fine 
not having them. 


Rozanne left the reception counter and entered the staff office. 
Soon, there were sounds of typing coming out from the office. 


The corners of Klein’s mouth twitched a little. He found them too 
unprofessional. 


There was no standard template for a contract! 


This sure is tragic... 


And more saddening is the fact that I'm working at such an 
unprofessional company... 


The moment these thoughts arose in him, Rozanne completed a 
simple contract that had only a few clauses. Then, Klee and 
Leonard Mitchell signed it. 


After Klee stamped it, she took the contract and returned to the 
accounting room and got Mrs. Orianna to stamp it with the 
Blackthorn Security Company logo—something that was actually 
useless. Dunn typically handed it to Orianna for safekeeping. On 
Sunday, it would be passed to Rozanne and company. 


“Tll wait for your good news.” After receiving one copy of the 
contract, Klee stood up and bowed with his hat off. 


Leonard did not respond. He seemed to be in deep thought. 


He suddenly turned his head toward Klein and revealed a smile. 


“I need your help.” 


“Ah?” Klein was taken aback. 


“I mean you and I can finish this mission together.” The corners 
of Leonard’s mouth curved up slightly as he explained, “I’m good 
at combat, shooting, climbing, sensing, and chanting, and 
taking on some support roles. But that does not include looking 
for people. You don’t expect Old Neil to go out in such weather, 
right?” 


When he said ‘sensing,’ his voice was lowered to a mumble that 
Klein could barely hear. 


“Alright.” Klein did have the urge to attempt his new ‘abilities,’ 
while also feeling a little wary toward Leonard Mitchell. 


Phew. Let’s hope it will be completed successfully... I wonder how 
useful my Seer abilities will be...He wondered with some 
anticipation. 


Chapter 42: Search 


While looking at Klein, Leonard smiled and nodded. 
“Then, do you need anything from them?” 


He had cooperated with Old Neil and company numerous times, 
so he naturally knew that divination required a medium, 
especially when the person being divined was not present. 


Klein thought for a moment before saying to Klee, “I need some 
of Elliott’s recent clothes which have not been washed or 
starched. It would be better if you have any accessories he used 
to wear on him.” 


He tried to choose ordinary mediums, not something that would 
normally invite questions. 


But even so, Klee wore a look of puzzlement. 
“why?” 


After his question, he added, “I have a picture of Young Master 
Elliott on me.” 


Why? Because we are divining his location... Klein was 
momentarily at a loss for an answer. 


If he answered truthfully, ignoring the fact that it violated the 


confidentiality clause, Klee would likely storm out immediately 
and rip apart the contract while cursing, “This bunch of cheats! 
If that works, why don’t I find the most famous Spirit Medium in 
Awwa County!” 


By the side, Leonard Mitchell chuckled and said, “Mr. Klee, my 
partner, um—colleague rears a unique pet. Its sense of smell is 
sharper than a hound’s. That’s why we need clothes that little 
Elliott wore and items he used to wear on him to aid us in 
finding him. As you know, clues typically bring you to a general 
region.” 


“As for the picture, we would need it too. Both of us need to know 
what little Elliott looks like.” 


Klee accepted the reason by nodding slowly. 


“will you be waiting here, or will you be going with me to Mr. 
Vickroy’s residence in the city?” 


“Let’s go together. It saves time,” replied Klein simply. 


Not only was he eager to try out his abilities as a Beyonder, but 
he also wanted to save the child. 


“Alright, the carriage is downstairs.” As Klee spoke, he took out a 
black-and-white photograph and handed it to Leonard. 


It was a picture of Elliott Vickroy alone. He was about ten years 
old with rather long hair that nearly covered his eyes. There 
were obvious freckles on his face and he did not seem to stand 
out. 


Leonard glanced at it and handed it to Klein. 


Klein took a careful look and placed the photograph into his 
pocket. Then, he took his cane and put on his hat. He followed 
the two out of Blackthorn Security Company and boarded the 
carriage downstairs. 


The carriage’s interior was rather spacious. It was lined with 
thick carpet and a tiny table to rest items on. 


As Klee was around, Klein and Leonard did not say a word. They 
quietly took in the experience of traversing the pooling roads ina 
carriage. 


“The carriage driver is quite good.” Leonard broke the silence 
after some time with praise and a smile. 


“Yeah.” Klein answered perfunctorily. 


Klee forced a smile and said, “Your compliments are his honor. 
We will be there soon...” 


As they were afraid of alerting the kidnappers, the carriage did 
not stop at the Vickroy’s residence. Instead, it stopped at the side 
of a nearby street. 


Klee held an umbrella and returned along. After waiting for 
some time, Leonard talked to Klein again. 


“My surmise the last time was not without a goal. I was just 
trying to tell you that the notebook will definitely appear again. 
Perhaps, it might be soon.” 


“That really isn’t a happy surmise.” Klein used his chin to gesture 
towards the carriage driver outside, indicating that he did not 
wish to discuss sensitive topics with outsiders around. 


Leonard whistled and turned his head to look out the window. 
He saw raindrops streak across the glass, leaving behind blurry 
marks. It made the world outside a complete blur. 


After a while, Klee returned with a bag of items. Since he walked 
in a hurry, the edge of his trousers were soiled and his shirtfront 
was slightly wet. 


“These are the clothes Young Master Elliott wore yesterday. This 
is the Storm Amulet he used to wear.” 


Klein took it and glanced at it. He discovered it to be a miniature 
gentleman’s formal suit—a small shirt, vest, bow tie, etc. 


And the Storm Amulet was made of bronze. It was carved with 
symbols representing gales and sea waves, but they did not 
trigger Klein’s perception. 


“Tll recount in detail the incidents leading up to Young Master 
Elliott’s kidnapping. Hopefully, it will let you find him easier...” 
Klee sat down and described the nightmare that happened in the 
morning, hoping that the helpers he went through great trouble 
to hire would be of help. 


Klein and Leonard held no interest in the specifics. All they cared 
about was the number of kidnappers, if anything unusual had 
happened, or if they had any weapons. 


“Three,” “normal,” “armed with firearms...” After obtaining the 


desired information, they bade Klee farewell and hired a two- 
wheeled light carriage. 


Unlike public carriages, private-hire carriages were either four- 
wheeled or two-wheeled. They were charged either by time or 
distance. The latter was at four pence a kilometer in the city and 
eight pence a kilometer outside. The former cost two soli per 
hour or part thereof. After the first hour, there were additional 
charges of six pence every fifteen minutes. In inclement weather 
or if the customer needed to go faster, the fare could even be 
higher. 


Klein had heard from Azik that in the capital, Backlund, these 
carriage drivers were famous for quoting outrageous prices. 


To him, taking a private carriage was quite a luxury. However, he 
did not need to worry about this at the moment since Leonard 
had tossed two one-soli notes to the carriage driver. 


“Charge it by the time.” After Leonard gave his instructions, he 
closed the carriage’s door. 


“Where are you going?” The carriage driver was delighted and 
puzzled as he held the two notes. 


“Wait a moment.” Leonard cast his gaze at Klein. 


Klein nodded slightly and took out Elliott’s clothes. He spread it 
out on the carriage’s floor and then wound the Storm Amulet 
around his cane’s handle. 


He held the silver-inlaid black cane and hung it straight over 
Elliott’s clothes. 


He gathered the sphere of light in his head as his mind rapidly 
turned still. His brown eyes quickly turned deeper in color as he 
entered a half-Cogitation state. 


He felt his body’s “spirit” turning light. He vaguely saw the world 
of spirits everywhere. He silently said, “Elliott’s location.” 


After repeating it seven times, he released his grip of the black 
cane, but the cane did not fall to the ground. It remained 
standing in front of him even though the carriage was shaking! 


Minute but invisible stirrings happened around Klein and he felt 
as if pairs of eyes were looking at him. 


Over the past few days, Klein had felt this sensation occasionally 
when he was in the state of Cogitation or Spiritual Vision. 


With a little fear, he looked at the cane with his deep black eyes. 
He recited once again in his heart, “Elliott’s location.” 


“Elliott’s location.” 


After he finished saying that, the cane fell and pointed straight 
ahead. 


“Straight.” Klein held the cane and said in a deep voice. 


His voice sounded a little ethereal as though it could penetrate 
the unknown world. 


This was one of the divination abilities he had grasped. It was 


called “Dowsing Rod Seeking.” The tool of choice had to be 
wooden, metallic, or a mixture of both. 


In ordinary circumstances, he would require two real dowsing 
rods. Dowsing rods were shaped like two straight metal wires 
tapered to an edge. He would hold on to the shorter side and turn 
it to ascertain the correct direction. But as a Seer, Klein realized 
that through practice, he could search for people directly using 
this method. He could also use his cane as a replacement for 
dowsing rods. The direction in which the cane fell was the 
direction of the item he was seeking. 


As for the Antigonus family’s notebook, Klein could not 
remember it at all. Without the slightest impression, there was 
no way for him to find it. 


“Go straight.” Leonard instructed the carriage driver loudly. “We 
will tell you when there’s a need to turn.” 


The carriage driver did not understand why that was necessary, 
but the notes in his pocket and the willingness of his passengers 
to hand over the money kept him quiet. He chose to follow the 
strange instructions. 


The carriage proceeded slowly, passing through one street after 
another. 


Midway, Klein used Dowsing Rod Seeking to correct their 
direction. 


After the carriage circled a building once, he finally determined 
that Elliott was inside. It had only been thirty minutes since they 
bade Klee farewell. 


After sending off the cane, Klein did not continue using Elliott’s 
clothes. Instead, he placed the cane, entwined with the Storm 
Amulet directly onto the ground. 


His eyes turned dark once again as the raindrops around him 
suddenly spun in place. 


The cane fell to the front with a slant. Klein pointed at the 
staircase and said, “There.” 


“At times, I really envy Old Neil. Similarly, I envy you now.” Upon 
seeing this scene, Leonard smiled with a sigh. 


Klein shot him a glance and replied with a calm tone, “This is 
nothing difficult. If you are willing to learn, you would definitely 
be able to master it... Your perceptivity should be very high, 
right?” 


Leonard nodded and chuckled. 


“That’s not something good.” 


He quickened his pace and walked into the building amid the 
ending rain. 


Klein was afraid of drenching his formal suit, so he jogged in 
tow. 


The building only had three stories. It was similar to a unit block 
from Earth. The entrance to each floor was situated along the 
flight of stairs. There were only two units on per floor. Klein used 
Dowsing Rod Seeking on both the first and second floors, but the 


cane remained still while pointing upward. 


The two of them quieted their footsteps and arrived at the third 
floor. Klein once again placed the black cane on the floor. 


Whoosh! 


A breeze blew across the stairs as his pupils changed colors. The 
darkness seemed like it could suck the souls of people. 


Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! 


Sobs seemed to sound out around them. 


Klein relaxed his palm as the cane with the entwined Storm 
Amulet magically stood erect. 


He silently read “Elliott’s location” again. He watched his black 
cane drop silently as it pointed to the right room. 


“They should be in there.” While Klein picked up his cane, he 
tapped his glabella twice. 


Various colors saturated as he looked at the right room. He saw 
all sorts of auras inside. 


“One, two, three, four... Three kidnappers and one hostage. The 
numbers match... One of their auras is short. It’s likely Elliott... 
Mr. Klee said that they have two hunting rifles and a revolver...” 
Klein whispered. 


Leonard chuckled. 


“Let me recite a poem for them.” 


“Why be a kidnapper? Why can’t you happily be civilized 
person?” 


He put down the bag with Elliott’s clothes and took two steps 
forward. His expression suddenly turned serene and 
melancholic. 


His magnetic and deep voice gradually sounded. 


“Oh, the threat of horror, the hope of crimson cries! 


“One thing at least is certain—that this Life flies; 


“One thing is certain, and the rest is Lies; 


“The Flower that once has bloomed forever dies...” 


Chapter 44: Fate 


Leonard’s singing sounded like a lullaby as it lightly resounded 
through the doors and into the winding wooden stairwell. 


Klein’s mind immediately turned torpid. He felt like he saw a 
silent moonlight and serene rippling lake. 


His eyelids rapidly turned heavy as if he were about to fall asleep 
standing. 


Amid these indistinct sensations, he also felt a strange, formless, 
and indifferent focus on his back. It felt like he was wandering 
the spirit world himself. 


A baffling sense of déja vu suffused as Klein suddenly found his 
train of thought once again. With his strong spiritual perception 
and extreme familiarity with Cogitation, he barely escaped the 
influence of the Midnight Poem. 


However, he remained serene and could hardly evoke any 
emotions. 


Soon, Leonard stopped singing as he turned his head with a 
smile. 


‘Im considering asking Captain’s permission to apply for a 
Feynapotter lute. How can there not be an accompaniment when 
singing? 


“Heh heh, I’m just kidding. I can hear them asleep.” 


The black-haired, green-eyed Nighthawk with his poetic vibe 
took a stride forward and walked to the door that separated 
them from the kidnappers and hostage. 


He suddenly moved his shoulder and threw a punch at the door’s 
lock. 


Crack! 


The wooden board around the lock shattered in a muffled 
manner. 


“This requires precise control.” Leonard turned his head and 
smiled. He then reached his hand into the hole and opened the 
door. 


Klein, who had regained consciousness, was not as confident as 
him. He reached under his armpit, drew his revolver, and turned 
the cylinder, making sure that he could shoot at a moment’s 
notice. 


As the door swung back, he saw a man sleeping on a table with a 
gun by his feet. Another man was rubbing his eyes in a daze 
while trying to stand up. 


Bam! 


Leonard slid forward and struck the awakening kidnapper 
unconscious. 


Klein planned to enter as well when he suddenly sensed 
something. He turned around abruptly and faced the stairwell. 


Tap. Tap. Tap. Footsteps were approaching from below. It became 
clear that “something” was a hatless man in a brown coat 
circling the stairwell in his progression toward the third floor 
while hugging a paper bag of bread. 


Suddenly, he stopped. He saw a gun’s barrel aiming at him with 
a metallic luster. 


His pupils reflected a young man dressed in a halved top hat, 
black formal suit with a bow tie of the same color. It also 
reflected the cane which rested along the rail and the dangerous 
revolver. 


“Do not move. Raise your hands. Three, two, one...” Klein’s tone 
was deep but relaxed. 


He held the revolver with both hands as he tried to imagine the 
man as a target from his practice. 


Amid the tense atmosphere, the man in the brown coat threw 
the bag of bread and slowly raised his hands. 


“Sir, is this a kind of a joke? Has there been a 
misunderstanding?” He stared intently at the finger that Klein 
had placed on the trigger as he forced a smile. 


Klein was temporarily unable to determine if he was an 
accomplice or a neighbor, but he did not reveal any 
abnormalities. He said in a deep voice, “Do not attempt to resist. 
Someone will determine if it’s a misunderstanding in a while.” 


At that moment, Leonard, who had finished handling the 
kidnappers, walked out and noticed the man in the stairwell. He 


said leisurely, “So the kidnappers have another accomplice 
responsible for buying and delivering food?” 


Upon hearing this, the man’s pupils constricted as he suddenly 
raised his foot and kicked the bag of bread up in an attempt to 
block Klein’s vision. 


Seemingly unaffected, Klein coldly pulled the trigger like his 
usual training. 


Bang! 


Blood burst out from the man’s left shoulder. 


He tumbled to the ground and attempted to escape from the 
second floor; however, Leonard had already reached his hand 
towards the handrail before leveraging himself to jump over. 


With a dull thud, Leonard landed on the man from above. 


The man fainted as Leonard swatted away some of the blood 
that had splattered on him. He looked up at Klein and chuckled. 


“Nice shooting.” 


I was trying to hit his legs... The corner of Klein’s mouth twitched 
in an indiscernible manner as he caught a whiff of the smell of 
blood. 


He discovered that despite not having any enhancements to his 
visual, auditory, or tactile senses after consuming the Seer 


potion, he could still “see” obstructed objects and “hear” faint 
footsteps, allowing him to take preemptive judgment. 


Was this in the scope of spiritual perception? Klein nodded in 
thought as he watched Leonard find a sharp dagger in the 
accomplice’s possession and “drag” him into the room. 


With a gun and cane in each hand, Klein entered the kidnapper’s 
room. They saw Elliott Vickroy jolt awake from the gunshot as he 
straightened his body and sat up slowly from a huddled position. 


Leonard had securely tied up the three kidnappers with the rope 
they used against Elliott. Bunched together, they were thrown in 
a corner. The lack of rope was made up by tearing their clothes. 


The unconscious man who had been shot in the shoulder was 
bandaged, but Leonard disdained getting his hands dirty, so he 
did not help him extract the bullet. 


“w-who are you people?” Elliott stammered in pleasant delight 
when he saw the scene before him. 


“yes, you guessed right. Very precise.” The genuflecting Leonard 
answered casually. 


I never expected this bastard to have some humor cells in him... 
Klein lowered his revolver and said to Elliott, “We are 
mercenaries hired by your father. You can also call us security 
personnel.” 


“Phew, for real? Have I been saved?” Elliott said joyfully without 
daring to make any movements. 


It was apparent that he had suffered quite harshly in the short 
few hours of being a kidnapping victim. He did not have the kind 
of rashness someone his age normally would have. 


Leonard stood up and said to Klein, “Go downstairs and find 
some patrolling cops. Get them to inform the tobacco merchant. 
I do not wish to walk out with a child and four idiots like a 
kidnapper.” 


Klein, who was wondering about the aftermath, nodded. He put 
away his revolver, picked up his cane, and walked to the 
staircase. 


As he went down the stairs, he had a nagging feeling that he had 
forgotten something. In addition, he heard Leonard say to Elliott, 
“Don’t be nervous. You will soon see your father, mother, and 
your old butler, Klee. Why don’t we play a round of Quint?” 


Klein held back his laughter and walked out into the streets. 
With the help of pedestrians, he found two patrolling policemen. 


He did not use his badge and identification as a member of the 
Special Operations Department; instead, he used his identity as a 
professional security company and recounted the happenings 
factually. 


As for him holding a gun, he was not worried at all. He had 
received an all-purpose weapon permit the day before yesterday. 
His application was accelerated by going through internal 
channels. 


The two policemen exchanged looks and one of them left to 
gather reinforcements and inform the Vickroy family. The other 
policeman followed Klein to the kidnappers’ room. 


After waiting for more than forty minutes, Leonard signaled to 
Klein while the policeman was not paying attention. Klein was 
to sneak out of the room with him. 


“Trust me, heading to the police station is an extreme waste of 
time. Let’s leave first,” the Nighthawk with the poetic bearing 
explained with a relaxed look. 


Since Leonard was making it clear that he would take any 
responsibility for any repercussions, he did not retort and 
followed in tow. 


Almost five minutes later, a few carriages rushed to the building 
where the kidnappers were. The old butler, Klee, disembarked 
with his portly master, Vickroy. 


Up to this moment in time, he was still in a daze. He found it 
incredulous that news would come so fast. It felt like a dream. 


Suddenly, he heard a crisp snap as he turned around. 


A two-wheeled carriage drove past with its windows open. The 
black-haired and green-eyed Leonard had snapped his fingers 
again. 


After passing by Vickroy’s carriage, Leonard closed the window, 
turned around, and looked at Klein. 


He extended his right hand and smiled. 


“It was a pleasure working with you!” 


I don’t think we are on that good terms... Klein politely shook his 
head. 


He did not expect the kidnapping case to be resolved so quickly. 
All he could do was marvel at the capabilities of Beyonders. Even 
though he was just a half-assed Sequence 9 Beyonder, he was 
able to do many inconceivable things. 


“This is a celebratory gesture of peace among aristocrats after a 
clash of swords,” explained Leonard with a smile. 


“I know.” Klein had many aristocratic classmates. 


He looked outside the window and said with a frown, “Shouldn’t 
we confirm with Mr. Klee? If he believes that the police rescued 
Elliott, our commission will be halved.” 


A total of 100 pounds! 


There was no doubt about their providing of the kidnappers’ 
location from their ‘meeting’ from before. 


“Don’t mind it. To us, money isn’t that important,” said Leonard 
with a shrug. 


...It’s very important to me! 


Klein forced a polite smile and said, “Many poets died early from 
poverty.” 


Leonard chuckled. 


“I believe Elliott would not lie on this matter. I can tell that he 
still has some of his innocence left in him. However, you will not 
get much of the 200 pound commission either.” 


“How much would I get?” asked Klein immediately. 


“As the unspoken rule has always been, half of the commission 
would be handed to Mrs. Orianna as additional funding for the 
team. The remaining would be split among members. A pity you 
aren’t a formal member; you will only get about ten percent of 
the remaining half.” 


10 pounds? That isn’t bad either... Klein pretended to feel the 
pinch as he asked, “Aren’t you worried that the kidnappers will 
realize that they were under the influence of a Beyonder’s 
powers after they wake up?” 


“They will not suspect anything. They will only believe that the 
weather was good and very conducive for sleeping, leading to 
them dozing off. They will even believe that the song existed only 
in their dreams. This is something we have verified before,” 
answered Leonard very confidently. “Instead, it’s your demon 
hunting bullets that might arouse suspicion. Of course, you 
being a queer who enjoys mysticism would be a perfectly 
reasonable explanation.” 


“I see.” Klein was relieved. He just kept feeling like he had 
forgotten or overlooked something. 


After returning to Zouteland Street, Klein did not wait for Klee’s 
arrival. He strolled to Welch’s place and took a different route 
home. On the way, he bought some beef and olives for dinner. 


The meal was enjoyable as always, with the same three siblings 
chatting idly. However, there was an additional visitor. 


He was a worker responsible for collecting one penny for the gas 
meter. 


The evening grew dark as the siblings bade each other good 
night and returned to their rooms. 


Klein was sleeping soundly when he was suddenly awoken by 
something familiar outside. He opened the door in puzzlement 
and arrived outside the bedroom that no one stayed in. 


He pushed open the mottled door and saw a gray desk. 


There was a notebook on the table and its cover was made of 
hard paper. It was completely black in color. 


A baffling sense of déja vu arose in him as he walked over and 
opened the notebook. 


The page he flipped open to was of a picture—a picture of 
someone dressed in gorgeous clothes and splendid headdress— 
The Fool! 


Beneath The Fool was a line in Hermes. 


“Everyone will die, including me.” 


Horror gripped Klein’s heart as he suddenly realized that the 
corner of The Fool’s mouth was curving up! 


Effi! 


He sat up in shock as he saw crimson moonlight penetrate his 
curtains. He saw his bookshelf and desk and the silhouette of his 
own bedroom. He realized that he had had a nightmare. 


As a Seer, he knew what dreams typically portend. Therefore, he 
began to seriously search through his recollections. 


Klein froze up when he did because he knew what he had 
missed out on today! 


While he was immersed in Leonard’s singing, he had sensed a 
formless and indifferent focus on his back. 


The feeling of being observed felt different from the usual 
Cogitation or experience he had from using Spirit Vision. It gave 
him a sense of déja vu! 


According to Captain Dunn, once a feeling of déja vu arose in him, 
it probably means... 


Klein suddenly sat straight and confirmed the feeling. 


Yes, it’s that notebook! That Antigonus family’s notebook! 


Chapter 45: Returning 


The Antigonus notebook is in the apartment across the 
kidnappers’! 


Although it was very coincidental, Klein believed that his 
intuition was correct. 


He immediately got out of bed and rapidly changed out of the old 
clothes he usually wore to bed. He picked up a white shirt beside 
him and draped it on, quickly buttoning from top to bottom. 


One, two, three... He suddenly realized that he was “missing” 
buttons. The left and right sides did not seem to match. 


On careful look, Klein realized that he had made a mistake 
buttoning the first button, causing the shirt to warp. 


He shook his head helplessly before taking a deep breath and 
slowly breathing out, using some of his Cogitation techniques to 
restore his calm. 


After putting on his white shirt and black trousers, he barely 
managed to wear his underarm holster steadily. He pulled out 
the revolver he hid under his soft pillow and holstered it. 


Without time to tie a bow tie, he draped his formal suit on and 
with a hat and cane in each hand, he walked to the door. After 
putting on his halved top hat, Klein gently twisted the door 
handle and walked into the corridor. 


He carefully closed his bedroom’s wooden door and sneaked 
downstairs like a thief. He used a fountain pen and paper in the 
living room to leave a note, informing his siblings that he had 
forgotten to mention that he had to be early for work today. 


The moment he was out the door, Klein felt a cool breeze and his 
entire being calmed down. 


The street in front of him was dark and silent without any 
pedestrians. Only the gas lamps illuminated the streets. 


Klein took out his pocket watch from his pocket and snapped it 
open. It was just six in the morning and the crimson moonlight 
had not completely faded away. However, there was a hue of 
sunrise over the horizon. 


He was just about to seek out an expensive for-hire carriage 
when he saw a two-horse, four-wheeled trackless carriage 
approaching him. 


“There are public carriages this early in the morning?” Klein was 
puzzled as he went forward and waved for it to stop. 


“Good morning, Sir.” The carriage driver stopped the horses 
skillfully. 


The ticketing officer beside him had his hand to his mouth while 
yawning. 


“To Zouteland Street.” Klein scooped out two pennies from his 
pocket and four halfpence. 


“Four pence,” the ticketing officer replied without any hesitation. 


After paying for the ride, Klein got onto the carriage and found it 
empty. It exuded a clear loneliness amid the dark night. 


“you are the first one,” said the carriage driver with a smile. 


The two brown horses widened their pace as they proceeded 
briskly. 


“To be honest, I never imagined there to be a public carriage so 
early in the morning.” Klein sat near the carriage driver and 
made idle chatter to divert his attention and relax his tense 
mind. 


The carriage driver said in a self-deprecating manner, “From six 
in the morning to nine at night, but all I earn is one pound a 
week.” 


“Are there no breaks?” inquired Klein in bafflement. 


“We take shifts to rest once a week.” The carriage driver’s tone 
turned heavy. 


The ticketing officer beside him added, “We are in charge of 
plying the streets from six to eleven in the morning. Following 
that, we have lunch and an afternoon break. Near dinnertime, 
which is six in the evening, we replace our colleagues... Even if 
we do not need rest, the two horses will need it.” 


“It wasn’t anything like that in the past. There was an accident 
that should not have happened. Due to fatigue, a carriage driver 


lost control of his carriage and it toppled. It resulted in us having 
shifts... Those bloodsuckers would never become this kind so 
suddenly otherwise!” The carriage driver scoffed. 


Under the illumination of dawn, the carriage drove towards 
Zouteland Street and picked up seven to eight passengers on the 
Way. 


After Klein was less tense, he did not converse further. He closed 
his eyes and recalled the experiences from yesterday, hoping to 
notice if he had forgotten anything. 


By the time the skies were bright when the sun was fully up, the 
carriage finally arrived at Zouteland Street. 


Klein pressed his hat with his left hand and briskly jumped off 
the carriage. 


He quickly stepped into 36 Zouteland Street and arrived outside 
Blackthorn Security Company after going up the flight of stairs. 


The door was still closed and had yet to open. 


Klein took out the ring of keys by his waist and found the 
corresponding brass key and inserted it into the keyhole and 
twisted it. 


He pushed forward as the door slowly opened. He saw the black- 
haired, green-eyed Leonard Mitchell sniffing at a recently 
popular cigarette. 


“To be honest, I prefer cigars... You seem to be in a rush?” the 


poet-like Nighthawk asked in a relaxed and cozy manner. 


“Where’s Captain?” Klein asked instead of answering. 


Leonard pointed at the partition. 


“He’s in the office. As an advanced Sleepless, he only needs two 
hours of sleep in the day. I believe it’s a potion those factory 
owners or bankers would like the most.” 


Klein nodded and quickly passed through the partition. He saw 
that Dunn Smith had opened the door to his office and he was 
standing at its entrance. 


“What’s the matter?” Dressed in his black trench coat, he held a 
gold-inlaid cane with a solemn and stern expression. 


“The feeling of déja vu came to me. It should be the notebook. 
The Antigonus family’s notebook.” Klein tried hard to make his 
answer Clear and logical. 


“Where was that?” Dunn Smith’s expression did not have any 
obvious changes. 


However, Klein’s intuition told him that a clear and invisible stir 
had happened in him. This was possibly a flash of his spirit or a 
change in his emotions. 


“It's at the place Leonard and I saved the hostage yesterday. 
Opposite the kidnappers’ room. I didn’t notice it back then until I 
had a dream and received a revelation,” Klein did not conceal 
anything. 


“From the looks of it, I missed out on making huge 
contributions.” Leonard, who had walked to the partition, 
chuckled. 


Dunn nodded slightly as he instructed with a solemn expression, 
“Get Kenley to replace Old Neil’s watch of the armory. Let Old Neil 
and Frye come with us.” 


Leonard stopped acting frivolous as he immediately informed 
Kenley and Frye who were in the Nighthawks’ recreation room. 
One of them was a Sleepless and the other was a Corpse 
Collector. 


Five minutes later, the two-wheeled carriage that came under 
the jurisdiction of the Nighthawks began driving down the 
sparse streets in the morning. 


Leonard wore a feather hat, a shirt and a vest. He stood in as the 
carriage driver, lashing out a whip from time to time, sending 
out a crisp crack. 


Inside the carriage, Klein and Old Neil sat on one side. Facing 
them were Dunn Smith and Frye. 


The Corpse Collector’s skin was so white it looked like it either 
had not been under the sun in a very long while or he had a 
severe blood deficiency. He looked to be in his thirties with black 
hair and blue eyes. He had a high nose bridge and his lips were 
very thin. He had a cold and dark demeanor and had a faint 
smell from often touching corpses. 


“Repeat the situation again in detail.” Dunn adjusted the collar of 
his black trench coat. 


Klein stroked the hanging topaz in his sleeve as he began from 
their mission commissioning until the dream. By the side, Old 
Neil chuckled. 


“your fate seems to be entwined with that Antigonus family’s 
notebook. I never expected you to meet it in such a manner.” 


That’s right. Isn’t this too much of a coincidence!? Thankfully, 
Leonard just mentioned that there was no indication of hidden 
factions of mysterious powers at play from the preliminary 
investigations of Elliott’s kidnapping. It was solely a crime 
motivated by money. Otherwise, I would really suspect if someone 
had deliberately arranged for this to happen... Klein found the 
situation rather curious. 


It was too coincidental! 


Dunn did not express his ideas as he was in deep thought. 
Likewise, Corpse Collector Frye maintained his silence in his 
black trench coat. 


Only when the carriage stopped at the building mentioned by 
Klein was the silence broken. 


“Let’s go up. Klein, you and Old Neil walk behind. Be careful, very 
careful.” Dunn got off the carriage and pulled out a strange 
revolver with a clearly long and thick barrel. He stuffed it into 
his right pocket. 


“Alright.” Klein did not dare take point. 


After Leonard found someone to watch the carriage, the five 
Beyonders walked orderly into the building. With very light 


footsteps, they arrived at the third floor. 


“Is this the place?” Leonard pointed at the apartment opposite 
the kidnappers. 


Klein tapped his glabella twice and activated his Spirit Vision. 


In this state, his spiritual perception was enhanced again. He 
found the door familiar as if he had once entered it before. 


“Yes.” He nodded in affirmation. 


Old Neil also activated his spiritual perception and after 
observing carefully, he said, “There’s no one inside, nor are there 
any spiritual glows of magic.” 


Corpse Collector Frye added with his hoarse voice, “There aren’t 
any evil spirits.” 


He could see many spiritual bodies, including evil spirits and 
restless wraiths, even without activating his Spirit Vision. 


Leonard took a step forward and, like yesterday, punched the 
door’s lock. 


This time not only did the surrounding wood shatter, even the 
door lock flew and fell noisily to the ground. 


Klein seemed to feel an invisible seal instantly vanish. 
Immediately following that, he caught a whiff of an intense 
stench. 


“Corpse, a rotting corpse,” Frye described coldly. 


He did not appear to suffer from nausea. 


Dunn reached out his black-gloved right hand and pushed open 
the door slowly. The first thing that they saw was a chimney. For 
early July, there was an abnormal heat emanating the room. 


In front of the chimney was a rocking chair. Sitting on it was an 
old woman dressed in black and white. Her head hung low. 


Her body was abnormally large. Her skin was blackish-green and 
swollen. It felt like she would explode from a simple prod, 
spewing a foul rotting stench from within. As maggots and other 
parasites squirmed between her flesh, blood, and rotting juices, 
or clothes and wrinkles, they appeared like points of light in 
Spirit Vision. They seemed to cling close to an extinguished 
darkness. 


Pa! Pa! 


The old woman’s eyeballs dropped to the floor and rolled a few 
times, leaving behind a yellowish-brown streak. 


Klein felt disgusted and being unable to tolerate the putrid 
stench any longer, he bent over and puked. 


Chapter 46: Portrait 


Eugh! Eugh! 


Klein squatted there, vomiting involuntarily. He was soon done 
with his puking since he did not eat breakfast. 


At that moment, a tin-colored square flask that looked like a 
cigar box appeared in front of him. 


The mouth which had lost its stopper emitted a mixture of 
smells akin to tobacco, disinfectant, and mint leaves. It cleared 
up Klein’s nose and rejuvenated him. 


The pungent smell continued to linger, but Klein no longer felt 
nauseous. He soon stopped vomiting. 


He traced the tiny flask up and saw a pale hand that did not 
seem to belong to a member of the living. He saw the mouth of a 
black trench coat’s sleeve and saw Corpse Collector Frye with his 
cold and dark bearing. 


“Thank you.” Klein recovered completely and with his hands on 
his knees, he stood back up. 


Frye nodded without any expression. 


“It ll be fine once you are used to it.” 


He put back the flask’s stopper and put it into his pocket and 
turned around, walking to the highly decomposed corpse. 
Without gloves, he began examining the old woman. As for Dunn 
Smith and Leonard Mitchell, they paced slowly around the room, 
occasionally touching the table’s surface or newspapers. 


Old Neil pinched his nose and stood outside the door, grumbling 
in a muffled voice, “Seriously gross. ’'m going to request for 
additional pay this month!” 


Dunn turned his head over and touched the wall beside the 
chimney with his gloved right hand. While doing so, he asked 
Klein, “Does this place look familiar?” 


Klein held his breath and constructed the silver pocket watch in 
his mind to calm down. 


With him already in his Spirit Vision state, he immediately felt 
different. A scene that came from the deepest recesses of his 
memories flashed past his eyes. 


Chimney, rocking chair, table, newspapers, the rusty nails on the 
door, the tin cans inlaid with silver... 


The scenes were dark and dull, like a documentary from Earth. 
However, it was even more blurry and illusory. 


The scene quickly stacked against what Klein was seeing. The 
feelings of déja vu and having been here before presented 
themselves clearly. An illusory and ethereal scream seemed to 
pass through invisible walls: 


“Hornacis... Flegrea... Hornacis... Flegrea... Hornacis... Flegrea...” 


“It feels a little familiar.” Klein answered honestly while his 
brain felt a stabbing pain. Thankfully, he quickly tapped his 
glabella twice. 


Hornacis... The Hornacis mountain range that appeared in 
original Klein’s diary? 


That is content that was deciphered from the Antigonus family’s 
notebook... 


The murmurs were very similar to one of the previous ones. It 
involved the word ‘Hornacis’ Is this a form of enticement? 


Klein was gripped by shock as he did not dare think deeper, 
afraid that he would place himself on the trajectory of losing 
control. 


Dunn nodded slightly and walked to a cupboard. He suddenly 
reached out his hand and pulled open its wooden door. 


The bread inside was moldy and there were about seven gray, 
stiff dead rats. 


“Leonard, go downstairs to get patrolling cops and explain the 
situation here,” instructed Dunn. 


“Alright.” Leonard turned and left the apartment. 


Following that, Dunn opened the door to two other bedrooms 
and did a careful search. 


After being certain that there were no clues as well as any sign 
of the Antigonus family’s notebook, Frye also stood up. He wiped 
his hands with a white handkerchief he brought along with him 
and said, “The time of death was more than five days ago. There 
are no external injuries nor are there any clear signs that it was 
a result of Beyonder powers. The exact cause of death will 
require a postmortem.” 


“Did you discover anything?” Dunn turned to look at Old Neil and 
Klein. 


The two who were no longer in Spirit Vision state shook their 
heads in unison. 


“Apart from the corpse, everything else is normal. Actually, no, 
there was an invisible energy sealing the apartment in the 
beginning. As you know, there will usually be similar processes 
when we use ritualistic magic,” Old Neil thought for a few 
seconds before adding. 


Dunn was just about to say something when he looked outside 
the door. A few seconds later, Klein and Old Neil sensed 
something and turned to look at the stairwell. 


A few seconds later, faint footsteps grew louder as Leonard 
walked up with a policeman. 


The policeman’s expression changed once he caught the noxious 
smell. He immediately cooperated with his “colleague” from the 
Special Operations Department and began knocking on the doors 
of the residents on the second floor to gain an understanding of 
the situation on the third floor. 


Moments later, the corporal with his two silver chevrons looked 
at the corpse on the rocking chair. 


“Katy Stefania Bieber. Between 55 and 60 years old. Widow. Has 
rented this apartment with her son, Ray Bieber for more than 
ten years.” 


“Her husband was formerly a gem artisan. Her son is about 
thirty years old and is single. He inherited his father’s trade and 
earns about one pound and fifteen soli a week. According to their 
neighbors, they have not seen them in more than a week.” 


Before the policeman continued, Klein already knew the critical 
point that followed. 


Missing. To be more precise, it was unknown where Ray Bieber had 
gone to! 


The ancient notebook could very well be on him! 


“Do you have a picture of Ray Bieber?” Dunn looked at the police 
officer. He was acting as the role of a high-ranking inspector. 


However, it was not really acting since he was indeed a high- 
ranking inspector on the police department’s roster. His salary 
and various allowances were also paid according to his rank. Of 
course, it did not include his salary from the Church. 


The police officer shook his head nervously and said, “’m not 
sure... Pll have to return to the station to search for it. It’s not 
typical for us to have pictures of every single person.” 


“Got it. Continue questioning the residents on the first floor. Ask 
them in detail.” Dunn gave the order. 


As he watched the police officer leave, he closed the door and 
turned to Old Neil. 


“Tll leave the rest to you. If not, we will have to make all the 
residents sleep and obtain Ray Bieber’s looks. Yea, I don’t really 
trust sketches based on verbal descriptions.” 


Old Neil nodded. He took out a few thumb-sized bottles from a 
pocket in his black classic robe and scattered the liquids in a 
particular order. 


Immediately following that, he pulled out a clump of powder 
and scattered it in a circle around him. 


Strangely, a biting smell spread and was not influenced by the 
nauseating smells in the room. Klein also suddenly noticed that 
there was an invisible forcefield around him. It separated him 
from the environment and everyone else. It was like the room in 
its previous state. 


Old Neil half-closed his eyes as his lips mumbled a soft and 
indiscernible incantation. Without being prepared, Klein vaguely 
heard the words, “Goddess, give me strength,” “We look forward 
to the protection of the Night...” 


Hum! A sudden wind tore through the windows and blew up the 
powder. 


Klein’s heart quaked suddenly as he felt goosebumps all over 
him. He found it difficult to describe. A terrifying “smell” that 
made him afraid of looking directly spread rapidly. 


He was confused as he tensed up, unable to relax. It felt as 


though he had plunged into a state similar to what one would 
have after working on a highly advanced mathematical problem. 


Suddenly, Old Neil’s eyes opened, his eyes pitch-black. 


He took out a fountain pen from his pocket and began drawing 
on a piece of scrap paper on the table. He was so fast that his 
entire body was trembling. 


Klein focused his gaze and saw a face with recessed eyes and a 
tall nose bridge rapidly appear. 


When the natural curly short hair was done, Old Neil wrote a 
single line beneath the portrait. 


“Black hair, deep blue eyes. Left of his mouth is a fully ceramic 
tooth implant.” 


Pada! The fountain pen in Old Neil’s hand fell onto the paper as 
his body convulsed a few times. 


“This is the image of Ray Bieber according to what’s left in the 
room.” Old Neil whispered as the color of his eyes restored 
rapidly. 


Then, he turned back to his original spot and slowly circled it. 
The invisible forcefield that isolated things immediately 
dissipated in the form of a breeze. 


“Praise the Lady.” Old Neil tapped his chest in four spots, forming 
the shape of the crimson moon. 


Klein’s taut nerves relaxed as he made more acute observations. 
He discovered that there was nothing special about Ray Bieber’s 
facial features. He had a relatively mild bearing. The only thing 
was that his philtrum sagged clearly. 


“Tll try using Dowsing Rod Seeking.” He picked up the portrait 
and found male clothes in the bedroom and spread them onto 
the ground. 


Dunn, Leonard, and Old Neil did not stop him as they watched 
him place the black cane above the clothes and portrait. Frye 
was as Silent as always. 


Klein’s eyes turned from brown to black as he finished his 
recitation, only to release his grip. 


The black cane stood silently like it was embedded in the ground. 


“Ray Bieber’s location.” Klein silently repeated to himself again. 


With the sound of humming wind, the cane fell down but kept 
changing directions while falling. Finally, it began spinning in 
slight circles. 


Without any external help, the black cane stood stably again. 


Klein repeated a few times with the same outcome. All he could 
do was shake his head at Dunn and Old Neil. 


A strange power was interfering with his “divination...” 


Dunn took off his black glove and said to Leonard and Klein, 
“Take Ray Bieber’s portrait and inquire the residents for a final 
confirmation. Following that, we will issue a warrant of arrest 
against him for the murder of his mother.” 


“Alright.” Klein held his cane and bent down to pick the portrait. 


After the neighbors confirmed that the portrait was indeed Ray 
Bieber, Dunn instructed Leonard and the police officer to finish 
the procedures at the station. He and Frye headed to a few bars 
in Tingen City to seek help via other means. 


Klein and Old Neil returned to Blackthorn Security Company on a 
public carriage. It was not even eight by the time they arrived; 
Rozanne had not even clocked in. 


After closing the door, Klein cocked his head at Old Neil and, 
hoping to learn and answer his questions, asked him, “Why 
would I send the Antigonus family’s notebook to Ray Bieber’s 
home?” 


This was completely in a different direction from Iron Cross 
Street where Welch stayed. 


Old Neil walked to the sofa and chuckled. 


“Isn’t that obvious? Who knows what powers inside the notebook 
you invoked; maybe you did some described ritual out of 
curiosity and ended up provoking a strange existence that you 
should not have. The motive of this existence was to have the 
notebook sent to Ray Bieber and sever all clues, to prevent 
anyone from discovering it.” 


“Therefore, apart from you who were selected, Welch and Naya 
committed suicide; regarding you... To be frank, | still have no 
idea how you survived.” 


” 


“I would like to know too...” Klein sat down as well as he 
deliberately replied with a wry smile. “I’ve also thought of the 
guesses you have of the proceedings. However, there’s one thing I 
don’t understand. Why did I have to hand the notebook to Ray 
Bieber?” 


Old Neil shrugged and said, “Perhaps his Life Path Number [1| 
matches the requirements, or maybe he’s one of the last 
remaining descendants of the Antigonus family. In short, there 
are too many possibilities... And why the notebook was sold to 
Tingen City would have similar reasons.” 


“I believe it’s the descendant reason.” Klein suddenly felt 
enlightened before he sighed. “Unfortunately, I did not discover 
immediately, and Ray Bieber and that notebook have vanished.” 


Old Neil laughed. 


“This is something that Dunn has to worry about. As for you, it’s 
something good.” 


“Why do you say so?” Klein frowned in puzzlement. 


1. A Life Path Number was proposed by Pythagoras which 


is established from the date of birth and describes the 
nature of one’s journey through life. 


Chapter 47: Old Heil’s Lack of Money 


Old Neil rubbed his temples and said, “I believe we have a 
general idea of why the three of you engaged in a mass suicide. 
That notebook is also now purportedly in Ray Bieber’s hands. 
Furthermore, the matter has already been exposed. Regardless of 
whether you are alive or dead, it will hardly influence any 
subsequent developments. I think—I believe that the 
surreptitious existence or mysterious power that caused all of 
this will not pay you any special attention. It’s just like how you 
would not pay attention to the ants on the ground. Heh heh, as 
long as you do not try to make Him recall you. 


“And our arrest warrant for Ray Bieber will quickly reach the 
Secret Order. They will also be able to guess that it is related to 
the Antigonus family’s notebook. Believe me, for a secret 
organization that has been in existence for more than a 
thousand years, it has many channels of information. Therefore, 
their focus will be diverted to Ray Bieber’s whereabouts, in a bid 
to find the notebook before us. They will not, nor is it possible for 
them to harass, stalk, or deal with you. 


“Lad, congratulations on stepping out from the shadows of the 
past. What follows will be a brand-new journey filled with 
sunlight.” 


Klein nodded when he heard that as he said in a happy and 
relieved manner, “I hope so.” 


Having transmigrated here, he had been enveloped in 
uncertainty. Now, it felt like it had finally dissipated... 


However, Klein was still feeling uncertain because the notebook 
seemed to be tied to him in a certain manner. It went to the 


point of him bumping into remnant clues coincidentally from a 
normal mission of rescuing a hostage. 


He was afraid that there would come a day when a delivery man 
would send him a parcel, only to realize that it was that 
Antigonus family notebook after opening it up! 


Let’s hope everything will go as Old Neil described... He silently 
prayed. 


When Old Neil heard his reply, he immediately scoffed. 


“you don’t seem to be a devout believer of the Goddess. At this 
moment, shouldn’t you be drawing the sign of the crimson 
moon at your chest and say—may Goddess bless us?” 


“Mr. Neil, you don’t seem like one either. A real devotee would 
not say ‘what follows will be a brand-new journey filled with 
sunlight.” Having been studying mysticism under Old Neil, Klein 
had established a decent friendship with him, so he did not 
stand on ceremony to return a sarcastic remark. 


Both of them locked eyes and chuckled with great rapport. At the 
same time, they tapped their chests four times. 


“Praise the Lady!” 


At that moment, they heard the grinding sounds of machinery 
as the main door to Blackthorn Security Company opened. 


The elegant Mrs. Orianna with her fashionably coiled hair 
stepped into the reception hall with a light-green dress. 


“Good morning, Mr. Neil. Good morning, Klein.” She held a small 
leather handbag as she greeted with a smile. “It’s another 
fabulous day today. A pretty good day.” 


“Good morning, Orianna. You are still as beautiful as ten years 
ago,” replied Old Neil with a chuckle. 


Orianna’s eyes turned to slits as she upturned her face. 


“Mr. Neil, the way you praise is still as infuriating as ten years 


ago. 


She enunciated the words ‘ten years.’ 


“Is that so?” Old Neil looked at Klein, confused. He wore a 
perplexed look. 


Never mention anything that will remind the ladies of their age... 
As a keyboard warrior that knew a little of everything, Klein 
instantly understood what had peeved Mrs. Orianna. He smiled 
lightly and said, 


“Good morning, Mrs. Orianna. You are as beautiful as always.” 


“Thank you, our outstanding Khoy University graduate.” Orianna 
smiled with a nod before saying, “That old butler has already 
paid the mission’s commission. According to Captain’s rules, half 
of it will be used as additional funds, while the other half will be 
split between you and Leonard. But since you aren’t a formal 
member, you can only take ten percent of the half. Come over 
later to sign for it.” 


“How much did he pay?” Klein asked happily while also feeling 
the pinch. 


“200 pounds. This was what he said back then—'Lord, the 
esteemed Storm! I never imagined or believed that this was 
resolved just like that! This is even harder than us having a 
dream! Why is your security company so unknown? It’s an 
insult to the entire industry!” Mrs. Orianna mimicked the old 
butler’s southern accent. 


Klein thought seriously for a few seconds before saying 
humorously, “This is just too unfair for those kidnappers.” 


Two Beyonders had resolved the problem quickly using methods 
that could be described as easy and pleasant... This is like an adult 
bullying a few kids while in full combat attire... 


“They were just too unlucky. They must have lost the protection 
of the divine,” said Orianna with a soft laugh. “I told the butler 
that we were only lucky. One of our informants happened to see 
the kidnappers bring the child into the hideout. Therefore, do not 
have too much hopes for us. We really are just a very ordinary 
security company.” 


Typically speaking, the more you emphasize something is 
ordinary, the more extraordinary it is... Klein lampooned with a 
smile. He watched Mrs. Orianna walk through the partition and 
enter the accounting room. 


Old Neil puckered his lips by the side and said enviously, “You 
really are a lucky lad. You haven't joined us for long and you've 
encountered a job worth 200 pounds.” 


“Is that very rare?” Klein asked in puzzlement. 


Prior to this, he was either studying history or mysticism, or 
wandering aimlessly outside, hoping to find clues with his 
spiritual perception. 


“According to Orianna’s accounts, we might not encounter a 
single job an entire week. And most jobs are worth less than 
twenty pounds.” Old Neil rubbed the moonstone by his wrist and 
sighed. 


Following that, he looked at Klein with anticipation. 


“If you encounter any similar jobs in the future, remember to 
inform me.” 


Upon hearing Old Neil’s words, Klein suddenly felt a strange 
feeling arise in him. Therefore, he asked directly, “Mr. Neil, you 
seem to be lacking in money. How much do you get paid a week? 
If you aren’t comfortable telling me, just ignore my question.” 


Old Neil leaned back into the sofa and chuckled. 


“This isn’t something that needs hiding. ve been here for so 
many years. At present, I will obtain salaries from both the 
Church and the police department every week; a total of twelve 
pounds.” 


“A weekly salary of twelve pounds?” Klein blurted out in surprise. 


A weekly salary of twelve pounds with fifty-two weeks a year, 
that meant more than 600 pounds a year! 


Back when he read the Tingen Morning Post and Honest Paper, 


they had mentioned that high-profile lawyers only earned 800 to 
1000 pounds a year. And those were the best lawyers! 


As for the managers of Benson’s trading company, they only 
earned six pounds a week. That was already quite a decent job. 


“yes, such a salary is actually quite generous, and we do not 
need to pay any taxes,” added Old Neil with a smile. 


Klein had heard from Benson that one had to pay E-type taxes 
when their weekly salaries exceeded one pound. In other words, 
the government and corporate employees had to pay 3% of taxes 
if they earned one to two pounds, 5% for two to five pounds, 10% 
for five to ten pounds, and 15% for ten to twenty pounds, capping 
at 20% for those above twenty pounds. 


Other than that, he also read of four other kinds of taxes on the 
newspapers. A-type was related to land, housing, and other 
earnings from material items. It included property and rent. B- 
type was a tax paid by farmers. C-type was a tax on profits from 
bonds, funds, and equities. D-type was commercial, finance, or 
professional income. 


“It's something admirable.” Klein echoed Old Neil. 


“However—” Old Neil shook his head. “Such a salary is 
insufficient for Beyonders like us who have to frequently study 
the hidden mysteries, practice and attempt rituals.” 


“Aren't materials obtainable via application?” asked Klein in 
puzzlement. 


Old Neil scoffed. 


“There’s a limitation to it. At times, we have to give a sufficient 
legitimate reason. If you want to learn more and experiment in 
the field of mysticism, you can only spend your own dime to buy 
materials. It can be bought internally or at underground 
markets.” 


Klein jolted in surprise as he immediately asked, “There are 
Beyonder materials that are sold in underground markets? I 
thought the Churches would not permit their existence?” 


He was lacking in means to obtain materials! 


With him having a mysterious organization in its nascent 
stages, he could not always have them settled via the 
Nighthawks, right? 


“There’s no way to control such matters. Yeah, from the 
viewpoint of mysticism, all beings are sentient with their spirits 
and they stem from the same source. The materials we use are 
not limited to those extraordinary creatures. It also comes from 
ordinary animals, plants, and minerals. For example, the poison 
hemlock, gold mint leaves, and night vanilla in the bottle of Seer 
potion; they are items we can encounter frequently in our daily 
lives. They might not have any extraordinary characteristics, but 
they have special characteristics. Through concoction and 
blending, they will derive certain effects. Therefore, this is not a 
trade that the Church can ban,” explained Old Neil in detail. 


Without waiting for Klein to say a word, he continued, “Besides, 
it’s not only the core of extraordinary beings that are of use. For 
example, the Lavos Squid. Apart from its blood, its eyeballs, skin, 
and tentacles are pretty good materials. Unless the Church 
captures it entirely with its own manpower, to completely 
corner and control any outflows would be a tremendous 
financial burden. The lower the grade of the extraordinary 
material, the more it is so. They can only do their best to prevent 
the more special materials from flowing out.” 


Old Neil suddenly laughed. “There’s another important reason. 
It’s better to know of an underground market than not knowing 
of it. Under the premise that secret organizations have not been 
fully eliminated, this is a pretty good strategy. Besides, it can 
help us obtain materials we are lacking. Of course, with the 
existence of such markets, contraband items will appear. As long 
as it’s not something ridiculous or overly dangerous, we will 
turn a blind eye to it. At most, we would use them to enrich our 
vaults.” 


“Is it because the few large Churches put each other in place, so 
no one can take excessive action?” Klein guessed. 


Old Neil acknowledged tersely but did not elaborate. 


“Tm a Seer. In the future, I'll definitely need to practice and will 
need more materials. Mr. Neil, can you take me to the 
underground market to have a look?” Klein requested with a 
valid reason. 


Old Neil appeared to be placed in a difficult position. 


“In fact, those guys who are active in those places are mostly not 
Beyonders. Some of them might be aristocrats that like mystery 
or rich people who have inclinations towards mysticism... Uh, 
alright. I have a thirty pound bill that needs paying soon. It 
wouldn’t be convenient for me to head over there for the time 
being.” 


“Alright...” Klein never expected the reason to be Old Neil’s owing 
of money. 


Moments later, he said with deliberation, “Mr. Neil, do you need 
me to lend you money? I just earned a commission of ten 
pounds.” 


“Haha, there’s no need. I'll be able to settle it.” Old Neil patted the 
sofa and slowly stood up. “Sigh, age is truly an enemy that 
biological creatures can’t fight. 'm exhausted from last night’s 
watch. Yeah, revise what I’ve taught you later this morning. Read 
more documents. Tomorrow, Ill teach you the foundations of 
ritualistic magic.” 


“Alright.” Klein got up and bade him farewell by taking off his 
hat. 


When Captain Dunn did not return at noon, Klein pretended that 
he was still searching for the notebook as he roamed the streets 
again. 


Having earned ten pounds, he no longer needed to wait for the 
next disbursement of the funds. He could head directly to the 
Divination Club! 


Cogitation and Spirit Vision have been occasionally producing 
murmurings and illusions. It made him eager to begin ‘acting.’ 


Chapter 48: Hanass Vincent 


In the Divination Club situated at the second floor of 13 Howes 
Street, North Borough of Tingen City. 


Klein saw the beautiful lady that attended to visitors once again. 


She was still having her brownish-yellow long hair coiled, 
making her look mature and elegant. It was hard to tell her age. 


“Hello, Mr. Glacis isn’t here today. Would you like to change 
fortune-tellers today?” said the beautiful lady with a smile. 


Upon hearing that, Klein, who had just taken off his silk hat and 
put it back on, was immediately surprised. 


“you still remember me?” 
That was already five days ago! 
The woman puckered her lips into a smile. 


“you are the first customer that sought Mr. Glacis’s services. You 
are also the only one to this very day. It’s hard for me not to have 
a deep impression of you.” 


Was this the image of him being penny-wise, pound-foolish? 
Klein lampooned himself as he deliberated a question. 


“When was the last time Mr. Glacis came to the club?” 


The lady shot a glance at him and answered seemingly in 
recollection, “To be honest, we are unable to grasp when our 
members will come and go. They have their free will and 
personal matters to tend to. Well, I do believe that Mr. Glacis 
hasn’t come to the club since he told your fortune that day.” 


I wish him the best of luck. May the Goddess bless him... Klein 
prayed and did not ask further. Instead, he asked with a smile, 
“Tm not here for divination services this time. I plan to join the 
club.” 


“Really? That’s our pleasure.” The lady expressed a timely look of 
surprise delight. “For the first year as a member, the 
membership fee is five pounds. It will be one pound a year 
thereafter. I believe there’s no need for me to describe in the 
details again?” 


Klein took out a five-pound note he recently received as he 
watched Henry Augustus Is portrait depart him. 


After seriously checking the anti-counterfeit watermark, the 
woman stored away the note seriously and handed a form to 
Klein. 


“Please fill in your detailed information. Let me prepare the 
receipt for you.” 


There’s a receipt? You should bill it to Blackthorn Security 
Company... Klein was amused by his own thoughts as he picked 
up a fountain pen on the desk. With the blackish-blue ink, he 
filled in his name, age, address, and company information. 


However, he had deliberately left his date-of-birth empty. To a 
Seer, that provided profound mysteries about his body through 
his Life Path Number. 


After receiving the receipt and finishing his registration as a 
member, the lady extended her right hand. 


“Congratulations on joining Tingen City’s Divination Club. ’m 
Angelica Barrehart, your hardworking server. This is your 
member cufflinks. There are special inscriptions on them which 
will identify you as a member.” 


“Hello, Madam Angelica.” Klein shook her hand and took the 
dark gold cufflinks. 


He realized that the special inscription was written with the root 
word for ‘fortune-teller’ in Hermes. 


Angelica retracted her right hand and thought for a few seconds. 


“Might I ask what divination arts you are most familiar with? Or 
would you prefer to learn some divination methods from the 
club? We will consider inviting famous fortune-tellers of the 
corresponding domain to give classes. We will also introduce you 
members with similar expertise so that you can have a good 
time interacting with them.” 


“I know a bit of every divination art. There’s no need to give me 
any special considerations.” Klein’ replied with some 
embellishments. In addition, he inquired, “Can I begin telling the 
fortunes of others? I’m not a total rookie.” 


He was here to act as a Seer and not learn the divination 


methods ordinary people could learn. 


Angelica maintained a polite smile as she said, “You can tell the 
fortunes of people anytime in the club. However, before we 
confirm your skills, we will not promote you when our 
customers ask. How much do you plan on charging for your 
fortune-telling?” 


“Two pence.” Klein decided to gain at advantage with price while 
he was still unknown. 


“We will go by the standard of taking an eighth, so we will be 
taking a quarterpence for fees...” Angelica repeated the various 
rules first before writing Klein’s information into the fortune- 
teller album which customers could choose from. 


After all of this was done, she pointed at the meeting room at the 
far end of the corridor with a smile. 


“Mr. Hanass Vincent is currently explaining astrolabe divination. 
You can find a quiet spot to listen in. You can also raise your 
questions if there are any queries.” 


“Alright.” Klein walked toward the meeting room with his 
interest piqued. He wanted to know the differences between 
what Hanass Vincent and Old Neil said. 


At that moment, Angelica chased up and whispered, “Mr. 
Moretti, would you want coffee or tea? We provide Sibe black tea, 
Southville coffee, and Desi coffee.” 


Klein, who had been reading the papers regularly, knew that 
these coffees and black tea were considered as one of the inferior 


varieties, but he also knew that they were definitely of better 
quality than the ones he had at home. After some thought, he 
said, “A cup of Southville coffee. Three teaspoons of sugar 
without milk please.” 


Loen Kingdom’s Southville was famous for its beer and red wine; 
many important figures were fond of them. However, their 
coffee was relatively unknown. 


“Alright, Pll send it to you in a bit.” Angelica pointed towards the 
meeting room. 


Klein slowly walked to the half-closed door and heard a voice in 
a thick Awwa accent explaining, “Astrolabe divination is a 
relatively more complex one among the divination arts...” 


But that’s only for ordinary people... Klein silently tagged on a 
sentence for the speaker. He saw about five tables placed in a 
circle inside the meeting room. It surrounded a middle-aged 
man in a black classic robe, Hanass Vincent. 


The gentleman had obvious dark circles. His brown hair was 
thick and hard. Each strand stood firmly like a porcupine’s 
spikes. 


Apart from that, there was nothing unique about him. 


Upon seeing Klein enter, Hanass Vincent nodded gently without 
stopping his class. He only slowed down his speech. 


Klein had one hand in his pocket while the other held his cane. 
He found a seat to the sides and sat down, leaning back 
comfortably in the process. He scanned the circle of six 


members. There were four men and two women. 


Some of them were attentively taking notes, whispering, or 
returning Klein a rueful smile. 


After placing his cane down, Klein adjusted his halved top hat 
and tapped his glabella twice in the process. 


He cast his gaze at Hanass and saw the different colors, 
brightness, and thickness of his aura. 


“Dark red. He’s a little worried... Actually, every other part of his 
body is healthy except that part. I wonder what’s wrong...” Klein 
listened to the class while muttering to himself. 


At that moment, he clasped his right hand and covered his 
mouth to prevent his laughter from sounding. He suddenly felt 
like he was a quack. 


He was rather pleased with his Spirit Vision ability. Although he 
could only make a general judgment and not the details, it was 
enough to gain him much useful information. 


After surveying his surroundings, he tapped his glabella twice 
again as though he was pondering over what Hanass had just 
said. 


Astrolabe divination was one of the astromancy divination 
methods. However, ordinary people could also attempt to 
interpret things. For instance, the most basic birth horoscope 
was to determine the inquirer’s fate by determining the 
positions of the sun, moon, Blue Planet, and Scarlet Planet at 
their birth, the corresponding spots in the sky, matching the 


representative symbols to the astrolabe, and the corresponding 
situations of the different constellations. 


This required the fortune-teller to be able to calculate the states 
of the planets and constellations which was rather complicated. 
Of course, there were publications that aided people to look up 
the values. Some even simplified it by making a vague read with 
just the constellations. 


Klein listened silently without interjecting or asking any 
questions. From time to time, he would caress the hanging topaz 
at his sleeve or take a sip of the Southville coffee which Angelica 
had brought in. 


After some time, Hanass rubbed his glabella and said, “Perhaps 
you will need to attempt at creating your own astrolabe. Ask me 
if you have any questions. I will be in Moonstone.” 


After he left, a young man in a white shirt and black vest got up 
with a smile and walked to Klein’s side. 


“Nice to meet you. I’m Edward Steve.” 


“My pleasure. I’m Klein Moretti.” Klein stood up and returned the 
bow. 


“Astrolabes are too complicated. Every time I hear about it, I can’t 
help but doze off,” said Edward self-deprecatingly. 


Klein grinned and said, “That’s because Mr. Vincent can’t help 
but pass the knowledge he grasps to us. It’s like giving us an Intis 
feast. It’s just indigestible.” 


“Td be able to finish the Intis feast. They usually use a huge plate 
to serve tiny bits of food.” Edward chuckled and sat up. He asked 
out of curiosity, “Are you new? I’ve not seen you in the two years 
I was here.” 


“I just joined the club today,” answered Klein frankly. 


“What are you good at? I'm best at tarot and poker divination,” 
Edward casually asked. 


“I know a little of everything, but just a little.” Klein gave a 
description he used to give himself. 


He was not being modest since there was just too much 
mysterious knowledge he had not grasped in the domain of 
divination. 


Just as the other members were thinking of talking about 
horoscope divination, Angelica walked into the meeting room. 


“Mr. Steve, someone wants you to tell their fortunes.” 


“Alright.” Edward stood up with a smile. 


“I can tell you are an excellent fortune-teller,” said Klein as he 
looked at him. 


“No, it’s because my price is most suitable,” said Edward with a 
soft chortle. “When ordinary people come to have their fortunes 
told, they will absolutely not choose the most expensive ones. 
And unless they had their heads kicked by asses, they would 
definitely not be choosing the cheapest few. It’s easiest to gain 


opportunities if you are in the middle.” 


I’m one of those that had their heads kicked by asses... When he 
saw Edward leave, Klein suddenly shook his head with a wry 
smile. 


It seems the price I set is problematic... 


He stood up, picked up his cane, and left the meeting room. He 
found Angelica again. 


“I wish to change the prices of my divination. Uh, set it to eight 
pence.” 


Angelica took a deep look at him and said, “We will satisfy your 
request, but we will also tell customers that you only recently 
joined the club.” 


“No problem.” Klein did not mind as he nodded. 


At times, mystery was also an important element for a Seer to 
attract customers. 


After changing his details, Klein returned to the meeting room. 


At that moment, he saw Hanass Vincent walk out of Moonstone. 
He held a silver-coated mirror. 


This well-known fortune-teller said to the five members in the 
meeting room, “I recently learned a new divination art. Magic 
mirror divination. Does anyone want to learn?” 


Magic mirror divination? That’s not safe... Klein paused outside 
the meeting room and frowned. 


Chapter 48: Divination Art 


As a Seer who had just stepped through the gates of mysticism, 
Klein did not dare to claim he knew much. However, he was 
certain he knew more than ordinary people. He was aware that 
the various kinds of divination arts could be split into three 
categories based on particular standards. 


And that standard was based on the source of the revelation! 


The first category of divination included tarot, poker, 
pendulums, dowsing canes, and dreams. By using the inquirer’s 
own spirituality and its communication with the spirit world to 
gain a revelation, it could be interpreted for an answer. However, 
spirit pendulums and dowsing canes had very high 
requirements of one’s spirituality, Soul Body, and Astral 
Projection. Non-Beyonders were unable to obtain precise or clear 
revelations. Card divination provided fixed symbolism, 
presenting even an average person’s faint revelation. Dreams 
were somewhere in between the other forms. 


The second category included Spirit Numerology and 
astromancy, as well as their derived forms. The fortune-teller 
used either the personal details of the inquirer, or changes in 
nature before using calculations, inference, and interpretation to 
answer their questions. With this method, the initiative did not 
lie in the inquirer, but the fortune-teller. 


The third category used an external third party, separate from 
the inquirer and the fortune-teller. The Ouija boards that Klein 
was familiar with from his previous life belonged in this 
category. They used rituals to ask for a direct answer from the 
unknown or the supernatural. Even though there was a high 
chance that an average person would not succeed, there were 
cases where they managed to communicate with malicious 
Spirits or entities that drove them to insanity. These methods of 


divination usually led to tragedies. 


The magic mirror divination that Hanass Vincent mentioned 
belonged to the third category. In mysticism, mirrors were 
connected to the unknown and mystery, like they were the doors 
of the spiritual world. Thus, Klein stopped outside the meeting 
room, intending to learn how the famous fortune-teller would 
explain the divination. Klein wanted to ascertain if he needed to 
inform the captain or not, raiding him at night. 


Of course, there was a safe way to do the magic mirror 
divination; one could ask for answers from the seven orthodox 
divinities. Even if it was very difficult for an ordinary person to 
receive any real revelations, they would not be in any danger or 
suffer any after effects. 


The magic mirror divinations that were strictly controlled by the 
Nighthawks and Mandated Punishers were those that asked evil 
gods or mysterious existences for help. Furthermore, the 
fortune-teller couldn’t randomly fabricate things. Some phrases 
or qualities had the potential to invite the attention of unknown 
entities. 


In the world where the powers of the Beyonders exist, such 
divinations would often lead to tragedy. Klein even suspected 
that the original Klein, Welch, and Naya had committed such a 
forbidden divination by following the instructions of the 
Antigonus family’s diary. 


At that moment, Hanass also explained the principle behind 
magic mirror divination and described the actual process. 


“First, you choose a suitable time and date according to the 
divinity you believe in. You can decide this using the Astromancy 
Manual. For example, we all know that Sundays symbolize the 
Evernight Goddess, for Sunday is the embodiment of rest. 2 to 3 


in the early morning, 9 to 10 in the morning, 4 to 5 in the 
evening, and 11 to midnight are all related to the moon; thus, 
they are controlled by the Evernight Goddess. Thus, fortune- 
tellers that pray to the Evernight Goddess can use magic mirror 
divination during these times on a Sunday.” 


Quite a good foundation... Klein nodded slightly while using the 
half-closed door to the meeting room to conceal himself. 


It had to be said that with the seven major churches keeping 
each other in check, some mysticism knowledge had indeed 
leaked. For example, many of the meanings behind the 
symbolism could be found in the Astromancy Manual. However, 
without the potions or Beyonder powers, ordinary people were 
unable to obtain the desired effects. 


“Second, we must scrutinize the mirror carefully. It must be a 
mirror coated with silver. You place the mirror at the position 
representing the moon...” Hanass demonstrated with the prop in 
his hand. 


No, what he needs now is spirit dowsing. First, choose a position 
and recite the phrase, ‘This place is suitable for magic mirror 
divination’ seven times in your head, then see which direction the 
pendulum turns. Clockwise for true, counter-clockwise for false... 
Of course, if you are asking for answers from a malicious 
supernatural entity, the position would not matter. Rather, it 
would depend on whether the entity is interested in answering 
your questions... Klein silently corrected him. 


At this point, he felt like a teacher listening in on a lesson... 


Hanass Vincent could not hear Klein’s mental musings as he 
described the preparations in detail in a normal tone. 


When the members finished taking notes, he continued 
explaining, “After showering, confirm that you have drawn all 
your curtains and locked your doors. After that, light up a candle 
and place it in front of the mirror before sincerely praying to the 
divinity you believe in. Try to keep your questions simple as 
there’s no need for fanciful embellishment... After praying seven 
times, pick up your mirror and gently toss it on the ground. 
Make sure to be gentle... Remember the way it shatters as that is 
a revelation from the gods... I will tell you the main symbolisms 
in a second.” 


Phew, this is orthodox magic mirror divination. Klein heaved a 
sigh of relief as he walked into the meeting room and sat back 
down in his previous seat. He finished the rest of his Southville 
coffee in one gulp. 


So-called “orthodox” divination meant that it was possible to 
obtain revelations, but it was impossible to truly interpret it. 


And for Beyonders who reached this step, they could look 
straight into the mirror to obtain clear information if they 
received a response! 


As there were many potential symbolisms after the shattering, 
Hanass taught for a long while. He was not done even when 
Edward Steve returned to the room after finishing his fortune- 
telling. 


Klein did not ask what Edward did for his fortune-telling or 
what method did he use since it was an unspoken rule among 
fortune-tellers. While acting as a Seer, he naturally had to abide 
by it strictly unless the other party mentioned it. 


“I discovered that many a time, our interpretation is too vague, 
as though it’s meeting different requests, allowing different 
people to find a description of themselves from _ the 


interpretation.” Edward drank a mouthful of Sibe black tea and 
said with a soft sigh. “For example, those that encounter 
adversities and calamities will eventually see the light of hope. 
Heh heh, but no one knows when the light of hope will come. For 
example, a journey might not be very smooth-sailing, but you 
will definitely arrive alive. Hehe, the dead will not retort me.” 


As he did not listen from the beginning, he ignored Hanass’s 
magic mirror divination class. 


“Survival bias,” added Klein with a smile. 


Survival bias generally meant that a lot of statistics would only 
include those who were alive and lucky. The data would ignore 
the dead; therefore, the results would be clearly biased. 


“Right. Emperor Roselle was really a philosopher,” marveled 
Edward. 


... Speechless, Klein raised his empty cup and pretended to take a 
sip. 


The members were fully immersed in the study of horoscopes 
and magic mirror divination the entire afternoon. Occasionally, 
they would also discuss with Klein and Edward. 


And when that happened, Klein would try his best to meet his 
duty as an informal member of the Nighthawks. He would try 
hard to steer the topic away from anything related to Beyonders 
or dangerous ideas. 


However, he failed at the thing he wanted to do the most. A few 
inquirers came, but none of them picked him to do their fortune- 


telling. 


Perhaps I have to be more proactive in entertaining them. Should I 
use a few phrases like ‘you are plagued with bad luck,’ ‘you have 
been unlucky recently,’ or ‘nothing you do will happen smoothly?’ 
No, that’s nothing like a Seer... With this in mind, Klein could not 
help but shake his head in self-deprecation. 


He picked up his cane, stood up, and left after bidding everyone 
farewell. 


At half past five, Edward Steve put on his coat and was prepared 
to walk out the Divination Club when he suddenly saw a 
familiar figure. 


“Good afternoon, Glacis. Long time no see,” he greeted with a 
smile. He saw his friend with similar interests as him wear his 
usual format suit with a black bow tie. In front of his chest hung 
a monocle. 


Immediately following that, he noticed that his friend did not 
look well. Even his soft blond hair looked dry. 


“Good afternoon, Edward... Cough.” Glacis with his hat in hand 
suddenly used his fist to cover his mouth as he coughed a few 
times. 


Edward asked out of concern, “You seem to be ill?” 


“A very serious illness. It even turned into pneumonia. If it 
wasn’t for my wife who met an impressive apothecary and gave 
me a magical medicine, you would have probably had to visit me 
at the cemetery.” Glacis’s tone was filled with a lingering fear 


and joy. 


“Lord, I can’t believe it. You were so healthy previously. Look at 
you, you look so frail now! I remember when I did divination on 
you, there were no signs that indicated that you would get a 
serious illness.” Edward waved his cane and said with an 
astonished sigh. 


“My own divination had the same result as yours. Perhaps we 
are not qualified fortune-tellers. Besides...” Glacis suddenly 
recalled the happenings on Monday as his expression turned 
abnormally serious. 


At that moment, the beautiful lady, Angelica, came over and 
bowed with a pleasant smile. 


After exchanging greetings, she first showed concern for Glacis’s 
health and provided some suggestions. Then, she mentioned in 
passing, “Mr. Glacis, Mr. Moretti, who requested your divination 
services previously, has joined our club as well.” 


“The one who got me to tell his fortune?” Glacis’s eyes lit up 
immediately. “Lord, where is he?” 


“He just left.” Angelica and Edward were unable to comprehend 
Glacis’s abnormal reaction. 


Glacis took two steps in agitation and said, “The next time he 
comes, please ask him when he will come if I’m not around!” 


“Glacis, what happened? Did that Mr. Klein Moretti do 
something to you?” asked Edward in puzzlement. 


Glacis raised his arm and stared straight into Edward’s and 
Angelica’s probing gazes. He said in excitement, “He’s a very, 
very, very magical...” 


He lowered his arm and said after using “very” thrice, “Doctor!” 


Chapter 50: Oli Neil’s Methotl of Repayment 


Half past seven in the evening, around the Moretti family’s 
dining table. 


“Klein, why do you need to be at work so early as a consultant? 
Would emergency matters at the security company be more 
dangerous?” Benson forked a potato from a dish of potato-stewed 
beef as he raised the matter in concern. 


Klein carefully spat out the bones from a pan-fried fish and gave 
his prepared answer. 


“A batch of historical documents needed immediate shipping to 
Backlund. I had to be present to handle the handover and make 
sure there was nothing missing. As you can guess, the bunch of 
fist-swinging bastards don’t know any Feysac.” 


Upon hearing his answer, Benson, who had finished chewing his 
food, could not help but sigh. 


“Knowledge is truly important.” 


Making use of this opportunity, Klein took out the remaining 
five-pound note and handed it to Benson. 


“This is my additional payment I received today. It’s time you get 
some decent clothes too.” 


“Five pounds?” Benson and Melissa said in unison. 


Benson took the note and looked at it repeatedly. He said in both 
shock and doubt, “This security company sure is generous...” 


His weekly salary was one pound ten soli, which meant six 
pounds exactly every four weeks. He only earned one additional 
pound from this additional payment! 


And with that salary, he had managed to support his siblings, 
giving them a decent place to stay and allowing them to eat 
meat two to three times a week. Every year, they could get a few 
new clothes! 


“Are you doubting me?” Klein deliberately returned with a 
question. 


Benson chuckled. “I doubt you have the ability nor the guts to rob 
a bank.” 


“you aren’t someone who can lie,” Melissa answered seriously 
after lowering her fork and knife. 


I-I’m now someone used to lying... Klein immediately felt a little 
ashamed. 


Although it was a result of the circumstances of his reality, his 
sister’s belief in him left him melancholic. 


“It was relatively urgent and important today. I also played a 
crucial role... which is the reason for the five pounds,” Klein 
explained. 


In a way, what he said was the truth. 


As for the five pounds that he would be reimbursed with—the 
one he would use to join the Divination Club—he planned on 
concealing it. Firstly, if he brought five pounds home again, he 
would truly scare his siblings, making them suspect he was 
doing something illegal. Secondly, he had to save to buy 
additional materials to practice being a Seer and to grasp more 
mysticism knowledge. 


Benson bit off a mouthful of wheat bread in satisfaction and 
thought for more than ten seconds. 


“The work I’m at doesn’t need any decent clothes. Well, to be 
precise, the clothes at home are sufficient.” 


Without waiting for Klein to persuade him, he suggested, “With 
this additional income, we would truly have savings. I plan on 
buying a few books on accountancy and studying. Klein, Melissa, 
I do not wish that my weekly salary remain below two pounds in 
five years. Heh, as you know, my boss and manager have shit for 
brains. Their mouths stink the moment they open them.” 


“Excellent idea,” agreed Klein. He also took the opportunity to 
steer the conversation. “Why don’t you read some of the 
grammar books in my room? To be truly dignified and to earn a 
handsome pay, that’s something rather critical.” 


Perhaps, in the times to come, the civil servant examinations will 
appear in Loen Kingdom. Preparing ahead of time would give him 
the advantage... 


Benson’s eyes lit up when he heard that. 


“Tve indeed forgotten about that. Here, let’s toast to a beautiful 
future.” 


He did not drink rye beer. Instead, he poured clear oyster soup 
into three cups and clinked his cup with his siblings’. 


After drinking the clear soup, he looked at his sister who was 
wrestling with the pan-fried fish. He chuckled and said, “Aside 
from Benson’s books, I think Melissa needs a new dress too.” 


Melissa looked up and shook her head incessantly. 


“No, I think it’s best...” 


“To save it up.” Klein finished the sentence for her. 


“Yeah.” Melissa nodded in agreement. 


“In fact, if you do not seek the best fabrics and the newest 
designs, it would not be too expensive. We can save up the 
remaining money,” said Klein in a manner which did not allow 
for disagreement. 


Benson added, “Melissa, are you planning on wearing the old 
dress again to Selena’s sixteenth birthday bash?” 


Selena Wood was Melissa’s classmate and good friend. She came 
from quite a good family background. Her elder brother was a 
practicing solicitor and her father was a senior employee of 
Backlund Bank’s Tingen branch. 


However, the so-called bash was only a dinner invitation to 
friends where they chatted and played cards. 


“Alright.” Melissa lowered her head and mumbled a response. 
Then, she ruthlessly forked a piece of stewed beef. 


After a short silence, she suddenly recalled something and 
looked up abruptly. 


“Mrs. Shaud from next door got her maidservant to send a 
calling card over. She wishes to make a formal visit on Sunday, 
at four in the afternoon tomorrow. She wants to get to know her 
new neighbors.” 


“Mrs. Shaud?” Klein looked at his siblings, confounded. 


Benson rapped the side of the table with his fingers and 
appeared to be thinking. 


“Mrs. Shaud from 4 Daffodil Street? I met her husband before. 
He’s a senior solicitor.” 


“Senior solicitor... Perhaps he knows Selena’s brother,” said 
Melissa with some hints of delight. 


We are at 2 Daffodil Street... Klein nodded slightly. 


“It’s imperative we get to know our neighbors, but as you know, I 
still have to be at the company on Sunday. I only have time off 
on Monday. Please pass my apologies to Mrs. Shaud.” 


With that said, he suddenly recalled the neighbors of his former 
life when he was young, as well as the neighbors in the 
apartment from Iron Cross Street. He was amused as he sighed 
lightly. 


“To have formal visits... Shouldn’t neighbors get to know each 
other through natural interaction?” 


“Haha, Klein, that’s because you aren’t aware. You have read a lot 
of newspapers recently, but you have not broached the 
magazines catered towards families and middle-aged women. 
They placed families with an annual income of a hundred to a 
thousand pounds as middle-class. They promoted it as the 
framework of the entire kingdom and praised how the middle- 
class doesn’t have the arrogance of the aristocrats and the 
wealthy, nor are they as crass as the low-income brackets.” 


Benson lightly and happily explained, “These magazines impart 
many simplified ceremonies which the aristocrats practice in 
their interactions. As such, it becomes a target of the middle- 
class. Thus, this results in the differences between intimate 
calls, semi-formal calls, and formal calls.” 


As he spoke, he shook his head and chuckled. 


“Typically, gentlemen, madams, and ladies who view themselves 
in this class will be very particular about details. They will visit 
their neighbors and friends from two to six in the afternoon. It’s 
known as a morning call [1].” 


“Morning call?” Klein and Melissa asked in surprise. 


Why was a visit from two to six in the afternoon a morning call? 


Benson put down his fork and knife, threw his hands up, and 
smiled. 


“I do not know why either. All I did was read the magazines my 


female colleague brought. Yeah, perhaps it’s because they wear 
their morning gowns to make the call...” 


Morning gowns were a form of formal attire worn during Mass 
or gatherings. Later, it was considered as formal attire for the 
day, different from the formal attire for evening functions. 


“Alright. Remember to buy some good coffee powder and tea 
leaves in the afternoon. Buy some muffins and lemon egg tarts 
from Mrs. Smyrin. We must not ill-treat our neighbors.” Klein 
chuckled as he dipped his remaining bread into the meat sauces, 
grabbed some potato and put it into his mouth. 


The next morning was a Sunday morning. 


Klein finished the last mouthful of inferior tea, put down the 
newspapers, and wore his halved top hat. Picking up his silver- 
inlaid black cane, he sauntered out the door and took a public 
carriage to Zouteland Street. 


He greeted Rozanne who was planning to sleep in the break 
room after finishing her night duty. After which, he went all the 
way down to the basement. 


After turning a corner, he met a Nighthawk member, Sleepless 
Royale Reideen. 


She looked like a cold lady. Her brows were long and slender, 
sitting atop large eyes. Her hair was a silky-smooth black. 


“Good morning, Madam Reideen,” Klein greeted with a smile. 


Royale used her deep blue eyes to glance at him and nodded 
indiscernibly in return. 


The two quickly passed by each other when Royale stopped and 
said with her eyes trained forward, “Ritualistic magic is a very 
dangerous thing.” 


Ah... Klein was taken aback. By the time he turned around, all he 
saw was her departing back. 


“Thank you.” He frowned and shouted at Royale Reideen’s back. 


After taking a left band, he quickly met Old Neil inside the 
armory, as well as Bredt who should not have been there. 


“Let’s go to my place. I’ve already received the corresponding 
materials. Bredt has agreed to watch the armory for me,” said 
Old Neil with a chuckle. 


Klein was immediately surprised. 


“We aren’t doing it here?” 


Old Neil held a silver chest and tutted. 


“There’s no space here to practice ritualistic magic.” 


Klein did not ask further. He followed Old Neil up to the streets 
and took a public carriage to the North Borough’s suburbs. 


Old Neil’s place was a bungalow. The garden in front of it was 
filled with roses, gold mint, and other “materials.” 


The moment he entered, there was a carpeted foyer. There were 
two high-back chairs and an umbrella rack. 


Through the foyer was an expansive living room. The walls were 
plastered with light-colored wallpaper. The floors were a dark 
brown color. In the middle of the room was a tiny carpet with 
floral imprints and placed above it was a heavy round table. 


Surrounding the table were comfortable long benches, single- 
seaters, and a piano. 


“My deceased wife loved music.” Old Neil pointed at the piano 
and mentioned in passing, “The sofa and coffee table are in the 
bedrooms... Let’s do the ritualistic magic in the living room.” 


“Alright,” Klein replied cautiously. 


After Old Neil put down the silver chest, he laughed and said, 
“Let me demonstrate to you ritualistic magic. Make sure to 
observe and remember the ritual.” 


As he spoke, he took out a fake goatskin parchment from the 
chest. It was specially made and it had strange pictures drawn 
on it with black ink that exuded a serene fragrance. 


Klein kept watching and finally discovered that Old Neil was 


seemingly, likely, possibly drawing an IOU! 


When Old Neil filled in the corresponding field with the number 
“30” and the corresponding “£” symbol, Klein could not help but 
ask out of puzzlement and confusion, “Mr. Neil, what kind of 
ritualistic magic are you doing?” 


Old Neil coughed and answered very seriously, “Ill be using 
magic to settle that debt of thirty pounds today.” 


You can do that? Klein’s eyes widened as his mouth gaped. 


1. The descriptions of calling cards and morning calls are 
facts regarding socializing in the Victorian era. 


Chapter 51: The Grountei Ritualistic Manic 


Using magic to settle an IOU? 


Is he trying to curse his debtor to death or create counterfeit 
notes? 


I might not have a solution to the problem, but I can finish you 
instead? 


All sorts of thoughts appeared in Klein’s mind as he looked at Old 
Neil oddly. 


He seriously considered the possibility of calling the cops, no—of 
informing the Nighthawks. 


Old Neil shot a glance at him and said peeved, “I can see 
ignorance, foolishness, and the weak and shameless disbelief in 
your eyes. Didn’t Dunn tell you the maxim of the Mystery Pryers? 
Do as you wish but do no harm!” 


Although this maxim originated from the secret and evil Moses 
Ascetic Order organization, Beyonders who choose the path of 
Moses Ascetic Order have proven that it’s right through their own 
experiences. As long as one strictly abides to it and shows the 
needed fear and reverence, the risk of losing control will be 
minimized. The contrary has similarly been established. 


“Your suspicion towards me is an insult to Mystery Pryers!” 


“Sorry.” Klein did not hesitate to apologize. 


He had indeed forgotten that Dunn Smith had once mentioned 
the maxim. 


Old Neil was not truly angry. In a blink of an eye, he chuckled. 


“A pity. Very few Beyonders choose to be Seers. There is no 
corresponding maxim to help you.” 


But I have Emperor Roselle’s diaries... Yes, strictly abiding to the 
maxim has a hint of “acting...” Klein suddenly came to this 
thought as he nodded as if in deep thought. 


Old Neil did not continue. He removed the vases and other items 
from the round table and placed them in a corner. 


Immediately following that, he took out both a crimson red and 
black candle from the silver chest. He explained, “If ordinary 
people attempt ritualistic magic, they have to follow the results 
from astromancy or read corresponding manuals. They have to 
choose suitable dates and times. For example, the day 
representing the Goddess—the period when She rules over the 
moon. But for us Beyonders, especially Beyonders good in this 
domain, there’s no need for that. Our acute spiritual perception 
and potent Astral Projections are key. 


“Of course, if you are not confident about the ritualistic magic 
you are attempting, it’s best to choose a suitable date and time. It 
can increase the probability of success. 


“Ah right. This is based on a premise. Remember carefully to 
abide strictly by the rules!” 


Old Neil placed two candles and turned to the side and looked at 
Klein, saying very solemnly, “Low-Sequence Beyonders are not 
strong enough. Almost all the ritualistic magic they can perform 
are the seeking of external powers and help. Therefore, you can 
only consider orthodox divinities like the Goddess or the Lord of 
Storms. Absolutely— absolutely do not attempt to communicate 
with the unknown or unpredictable existences. Even if people 
believe in them or the promises recorded are filled with 
enticements! 


“Believe me, don’t take any chances. As long as you attempt once, 
you will go down a slippery slope into the abyss with no return. 
Any work or resistance will only slow it down with no way to 
change the trajectory.” 


“Tll remember!” Klein said in a deep voice. However, he felt a 
little afraid. 


My luck enhancement ritual has apparently sought power from 
an unknown and unpredictable existence... 


Furthermore, I have gained powers capable of pulling people into 
the fog that even a senior Beyonder like the Hanged Man finds 
unbelievable. Well... At least I think he is a senior Beyonder... 


Thankfully, I haven’t gone mad or have any signs of losing 
control... 


While worrying over this, he proactively changed the subject. 


“So, Nighthawks should seek the help of the Goddess?” 


“No one will stop you if you pray to the Lord of Storms. However, 


we are unable to tell from our ritualistic magic whether He 
replies with malicious intent or not. The outcome will be 
distorted in unpredictable ways.” Old Neil successfully made 
Klein give up the idea in a joking manner. 


There was no so-called “best,” only “necessary!” 


After his exhortations, Old Neil picked up a crimson red candle 
and said, “By using candles made of moon flowers and dark-red 
sandalwood, it will represent the Goddess’s identity as Lady of 
Crimson in the ritualistic magic.” 


He pointed to the black candles and said, “Candles made of night 
vanilla and slumber flowers represent the night.” 


As he spoke, he placed the black candle on the top left end of the 
round table while the red candle was placed on the top right end. 


“Why do we symbolize the Goddess with only two candles? She is 
also the Mother of Concealment, Empress of Misfortune and 
Horror, and Mistress of Repose and Silence.” 


Old Neil chuckled. 


“That’s right. This is something I wished you asked. 


“Before their fall, the Moses Ascetic Order had a very good 
relationship with the Church. Their beliefs and results on 
ritualistic magic have heavily influenced us. 


“They believe that all objects are numeric. Every number has a 
Spirituality and in ritualistic magic, 0 represents the unknown 


or Chaos. It symbolizes the state of the universe before it was 
born. 1 represents a beginning, the first Creator. 2 represents the 
world and various divinities that were produced from His body. 3 
represents contact between divinities and material objects to 
create all things. Here, using two candles represents the Goddess 
while the third candle is for you. 


“Which two candles and which two symbols to have depend on 
the intended effects of the ritualistic magic.” 


Three begets all things [1]? All things stem from three? Klein could 
not help but recall certain things from his previous life. 


Seeing Klein listen attentively, Old Neil took a third candle and 
said, “This is the candle representing ‘me.’ It’s a very ordinary 
candle which only has a little bit of mint added. Take note that 
plants like roses, lemons, mint, moon flower, night vanilla, and 
slumber flower are beloved and cherished by the Goddess. 


“Viewing it from another angle, the three candles represent the 
bodies, spiritualities and godhood of every person.” 


After finishing the description, Old Neil placed the third candle 
in the middle of the round table. 


He then took out a bottle of concocted “Full Moon Essence Oil,” a 
huge cauldron engraved with the Dark Sacred Emblem, a silver 
knife with gorgeous patterns, a cup of water, and a saucer of 
coarse Salt. 


“To Beyonders who are not good at ritualistic magic, there is a 
need for bells, crystal balls, silver cups, incense or other 
supplementary items. However, Mystery Pryers and Seers have 
no need for that. These artifacts are already sufficient.” 


Old Neil placed the fake goatskin parchment with the IOU just 
below the cauldron and used a special quill to hold down one 
corner. 


He turned to Klein and said, “Ritualistic magic needs a clean 
spiritual environment where you will not be disturbed. And that 
requires us to create it. The steps are to first enter Cogitation. 
Focus your mind and with the supplementary items, draw out 
our strength, and construct it around us. For example, Ray 
Bieber’s house had used Holy Night Powder while I'll be using a 
ritual silver dagger. 


“Throughout the entire process, we have to go according to the 
outcome we desire to confirm the symbolism and corresponding 
incantation. Incantations are best done in Hermes because 
ancient Hermes stemmed from Nature. It’s akin to ancient 
Dragonese and ancient Elvish. The effects are very direct, lacking 
the necessary concealment and protection. It easily causes the 
caster to fall into danger. This is also why it has been modified. 
However, it’s more effective. 


“Alright, I have to focus on the ritualistic magic. I won’t explain 
things to you any further. Pay attention by watching and 
listening. Remember any problems and ask me when everything 
is done.” 


“Alright.” Klein took two steps back and trained his eyes on Old 
Neil. 


Old Neil’s eyes rapidly darkened as invisible wind around him 
spun. 


He was silent for a moment, going from left to right, then up to 
down, using his psyche to cause friction and consecutively light 
up the three candles. 


Following that, he picked up the silver knife and stabbed it into 
the coarse salt. Then, he chanted in Hermes: 


“I sanctify you, blade of pure silver! 


“I cleanse and purify you, allowing you to serve me in this ritual! 


“In the name of the Evernight Goddess, the Lady of Crimson... 


“you have been sanctified!” 


After a short but powerful syllable, Old Neil drew a silver knife 
and inserted it into a cup of clear water. Then, he raised it and 
pointed to the space beyond the round table. 


He aimed the blade tip in the periphery and took a step forward, 
circling the round table. Every step he took made Klein feel an 
invisible energy spew out of the silver knife. It was filled with 
spirituality as it connected with the air, forming a completely 
sealed wall. 


After walking one round, the altar was completely isolated from 
its surroundings. 


Old Neil stood in front of the round table and put the silver knife 
down. He picked up the bottle of Full Moon Essence Oil and 
dripped three drops on the black, dark red, and ordinary candles. 


Sizzle! 


A thin mist emanated as everything seemed to become veiled in 
mystery. 


Old Neil put down the glass bottle and looked at the fake 
goatskin parchment silently for two minutes. Then, he picked up 
the quill and drew a mark he controlled—a square that framed 
all the content, indicating that he was in control of the debt. 


Following that, he drew another ‘cross,’ indicating that it was 
canceled. 


Upon reaching this step, he picked up the parchment with one 
hand and tapped his glabella with the other to activate his Spirit 
Vision. 


Another invisible and exuberant energy bloomed as Old Neil 
whispered a chant: 


“I pray for the power of the dark night. 


“I pray for the power of the crimson. 


“I pray for the Goddess’s loving grace. 


“Please provide me with the funds to pay this IOU. 


“Night vanilla, an herb that belongs to the red moon, please 
bestow your powers to my incantation!” 


“Moon flower, an herb that belongs to the red moon, please 
bestow your powers to my incantation!” 


Klein was completely flabbergasted listening from the side. All 
sorts of thoughts arose in him. 


Such an incantation can work? 


Although it was recited from written Hermes... 


Isn’t this way too simple and down to earth? 


Wouldn't the Goddess be angry and multiply the debt severalfold? 


At that moment, the candlelight lit up suddenly! 


After Old Neil finished his incantation, he closed his eyes for two 
minutes. He picked up the Full Moon Essence Oil and dripped one 
drop onto each of the three candles. 


Immediately following that, he grabbed the parchment and 
pulled it close to the candle representing “me.” When it ignited, 
he immediately threw it into the cauldron. 


Old Neil closed his eyes again as he seemed to sense the burning 
of the IOU. 


He opened his eyes after a moment and looked toward the black 
Sacred Emblem on the cauldron. The parchment was already 
completely incinerated. 


“Praise the Lady!” Old Neil tapped his chest in four spots, forming 
the shape of the crimson moon. Then, he extinguished the 
candles in the opposite order as he lit them. 


After finishing everything, he used the silver knife to rip apart 
the invisible wall around him. 


A huge wind stirred immediately as Old Neil heaved a sigh of 
relief. 


“It’s done.” 


“That’s it?” Klein asked in a daze. “Has the IOU been settled? 
Howe” 


“I don’t know either. Anyways, it will be settled in a reasonable 
manner,” said Old Neil with a smile as he threw up his hands. 


This... Klein was unsure what expression or words to use as a 
response. 


Isn’t this a little unreliable? 


1. This is a Daoism saying: Dao begets One, One begets 
Two, Two begets Three, Three begets all things. 


Chapter 52: Spectator 


“Stop thinking about the bloody IOU. Let’s discuss the ritualistic 
magic.” Old Neil put away the candles, cauldron, silver knife, and 
other items with a relaxed expression. 


Klein really wanted to shrug his shoulders like the Americans in 
his previous life, but ultimately could not bring himself to do 
something that ungentlemanly. 


He turned his focus toward the ritualistic magic and threw out 
detailed questions that puzzled him, receiving answers from 
them. For example, the incantations had a particular format. As 
long as they were satisfied and the key meaning was expressed 
in Hermes, the rest could be left to one’s creativity. Of course, 
blasphemy or disrespectful descriptions were absolutely 
forbidden. 


The mysticism class lasted until noon before Old Neil coughed 
twice. 


“We have to return to Zouteland Street.” 


With that said, he grumbled in an indistinct manner, “To get 
these bloody materials, I missed my beloved breakfast.” 


Klein looked around both amused and puzzled. 


“Mr. Neil, do you have a chef? Or a maidservant in charge of 
cooking?” 


A weekly salary of twelve pounds could hire several servants! 


According to the newspapers, with board and lodging provided, 
hiring an ordinary chef cost anywhere between twelve to fifteen 
soli a week. It did not even need a pound. A maidservant to do 
miscellaneous chores was even cheaper. Their weekly salaries 
ranged between three soli six pence to six soli. Of course, one 
could not bear any hope of them having any culinary skills. 


Uh, that’s not right. With Mr. Neil’s debt of thirty pounds, it’s 
only normal he doesn’t hire any chefs or servants... 


It seems I’ve asked another question I should not have asked... 


While Klein regretted his question, Old Neil shook his head 
without minding it. 


“I often attempt ritualistic magic, research extraordinary items, 
and read corresponding documents at home, so I don’t nor is it 
possible that I hire ordinary people as chefs, valets or 
maidservants. I only hire someone to clean up the place 
regularly. And if they are not ordinary people, do you think they 
will be willing to do such jobs?” 


“I seem to have asked a silly question. It’s possibly because I will 
not do anything that involves mysticism at home,” explained 
Klein in a self-deprecating manner. 


Old Neil had long stood up, wore his round felt hat, and while 
walking out the door, rambled on. 


“I seem to smell pan-fried foie gras... Once the IOU is completely 
settled, Pll definitely have one set! For lunch, Ill definitely eat 


roasted pork glazed with apple juices. No, that’s not enough. I 
must have a sausage infused with mashed potatoes...” 


You are making me hungry... Klein swallowed his saliva as he 
caught up to Old Neil and headed for the nearby public carriage 
stop. 


After returning to Zouteland Street, Old Neil suddenly grunted 
after stepping down the carriage. 


“What do I see? Goddess, what am I seeing?” 


He was suddenly as nimble as a seventeen or eighteen-year-old 
lad. He quickly came to the roadside and picked up an item. 


Klein leaned close out of curiosity and looked carefully. He 
realized it was a wallet with fine workmanship. 


With his lack of experience, he could barely tell if the dark brown 
wallet was made of buffalo skin or sheepskin, but he noticed a 
small light-blue logo embroidered on the side of the wallet—a 
white dove spreading its wings as if ready to take off. 


That was Klein’s first impression. The second thing he noticed 
was the stack of paper notes in the bulging wallet. 


There were more than twenty gray notes imprinted with black 
ink—gold pounds! 


Old Neil opened up the wallet and pulled out the notes. When he 
looked at it carefully, he immediately chuckled. 


“Ten-pound notes. The honorable Founder and Protector, William 
I. Wow, Goddess, there’s a total of thirty notes. There’s also a few 
five-pound notes, one-pound and five-soli notes.” 


More than three hundred pounds? That’s a huge amount of 
money in every meaning of the word! I might not even earn that 
much in ten years... Klein’s breathing turned heavy 
involuntarily. 


As the amount of gold pounds was immense, picking up such a 
wallet was equivalent to picking up a briefcase of banknotes in 
his previous life. 


“I wonder which gentleman dropped it... He can’t be someone 
ordinary,” analyzed Klein calmly. 


Such a wallet was clearly not a woman’s. 


“There’s no need to care who he is,” said Old Neil with a chuckle. 
“It’s not like we attempted to divine and take money that doesn’t 
belong to us. We should wait here for a moment. I believe the 
gentleman will soon be back searching for it. It’s not something 
that can be given up no matter who it is.” 


Klein heaved a sigh of relief. He had a brand-new understanding 
of Old Neil’s morals. 


He was rather worried that he would have used the Goddess’s 
bestowment as an excuse and paid off his debt. He was still 
wondering how to prevent it and persuade him otherwise. 


Is this “do as you wish, but do no harm?” Klein suddenly learned 
something new. 


The duo did not wait more than a minute by the streets when a 
luxurious four-wheeled carriage zoomed over. Its side had a light 
blue logo with a dove spreading its wings. 


The carriage stopped, and a middle-aged man dressed in a black 
formal suit with a bow tie of the same color alighted. He looked 
at the wallet, took off his hat, and said politely, “Sirs, that should 
be my master’s wallet.” 


“your logo is proof of everything, but I need to make additional 
verifications. This is to be responsible for all parties. Might I ask 
how much money is there in the wallet?” replied Old Neil 
politely. 


The middle-aged man was taken aback as he said in a self- 
deprecating manner almost immediately, “As a butler, I do not 
know how much money Master had in his wallet. Sorry. Please 
permit me to ask.” 


“As you wish.” Old Neil gestured for him to do as he pleased. 


The middle-aged man walked to the carriage’s side and through 
the window, conversed with the person within. 


He approached Klein and Old Neil again and smiled. 


“More than 300 pounds, but less than 350 pounds. My master 
does not remember the exact number.” 


Does not remember... That’s really some filthy rich guy. If I had 
that much money on me, I would definitely be counting it again 
and again... Klein was filled with envy. 


Old Neil nodded and handed the wallet back. 


“with the Goddess as proof, this belongs to you.” 


The middle-aged man took the wallet over and did an estimate 
before pulling out three ten-pound notes. 


“My master is Sir Deweyville. He wishes to commend your 
morals. This is what an honest person should receive. Please do 
not reject it.” 


Sir Deweyville? The one who established the Deweyville Trust? The 
Sir Deweyville who provided cheap rental apartments to the 
working class? Klein immediately remembered the name. 


He was a knight that his brother respected but did not believe 
was grounded in reality. 


“Thank you, Sir Deweyville. He is a kind and generous 
gentleman.” Old Neil did not stand on ceremony as he received 
the three notes. 


After watching Sir Deweyville’s carriage depart, he turned to look 
at Klein when he saw that there was no one around. He flicked 
the notes and chuckled. 


“Thirty pounds. The IOU is settled. 


“T said it will be settled in a reasonable manner. 


“This is the power of magic.” 


..Holy f**king power of magic! That actually works!? Klein was 
once again flabbergasted. 


A few minutes later, he entered the building’s stairwell and 
while heading to the security company, he asked puzzledly, “Mr. 
Neil, why didn’t you ask for more money?” 


“Do not be greedy. One must take care not to be greedy when 
doing ritualistic magic. Temperance is a critical trait needed by 
every Mystery Pryer if they wish to live long,” explained Old Neil 


happily. 


In a huge ballroom, candles were burning on a few chandeliers, 
emitting a fragrance that soothed the minds of people. By the 
sheer number of candles, they produced a light in no way 
inferior to that of gas lamps. 


There were long tables with pan-fried foie gras, grilled steak, 
roasted chicken, fried tonguefish, Desi oysters, mutton stew, 
cream soup, and other delicacies. In addition, there were bottles 
of Mist Champagne, Aurmir grape wine, and Southville red wine. 
They were all glistening with a tempting glow under the light. 


Servants in red vests carried trays with crystal cups and shuttled 
between the gentlemen and ladies dressed both elegantly or 
gorgeously. 


Audrey Hall was wearing a collared, high-waisted, pale-white 
dress with engageantes. Her corset was tightly fitted, while her 
voluminous layers were puffed up perfectly with a cage 
crinoline. 


Her long blond hair was coiled up in an elegant bun and the 
earrings, necklace, and rings she wore sparkled brightly. At her 
feet were a pair of white dancing shoes that were stitched with 
roses and diamonds. 


How many petticoats am I even wearing? Five? Six? Wearing 
white-silk gloves, Audrey caressed her crinoline gently with her 
right hand. 


Her left hand was holding a glass of clear champagne. 


Audrey was nothing like her usual self, usually placing herself 
center-stage of banquets and making her the focus of attention. 
Instead, she avoided the bustle and quietly stood in the shadows 
of hanging curtains by the French windows. 


She took a sip of champagne as she watched the crowd as 
though she did not belong. 


Earl Wolfs youngest son is chatting with Viscount Conrad’s 
daughter. He likes to move his forearm to reinforce what he saus. 
Hmm, the bigger the movement of his forearm, the more 
unbelievable his words. That is something gleaned from 
experience... He can’t stop trying to elevate himself by putting 
other people down. However, he can’t help but feel guilty. It can be 
seen by the way he talks and his body language... 


Duchess Della has repeatedly covered her mouth while laughing 
with her left hand today. Ah, I see. She is showing off her pure 
ocean-blue sapphire... 


Her husband, Duke Negan, is discussing the current situation with 
a few Conservative nobles. Since the banquet began, he has 
searched for Duchess Della once... 


They almost never make eye contact. Maybe they aren’t as in love 
as they pretend to be... 


Baron Larry has made Madam Parnes laugh seven times. That’s 
very normal, nothing strange about it, but why does she look at 
her husband with guilty eyes? Oh, they have gone their separate 
waus... That’s not right, the directions they are headed leads to 
the garden... 


In the extravagant banquet, Audrey saw many details she never 
noticed in the past. 


There was an instant where she nearly believed that she was 
watching an opera. 


Everyone is a good opera actor... She sighed silently as her eyes 
remained limpid. 


At that moment, she suddenly sensed something and turned her 
head. She cast her gaze onto a dark corner in the large balcony 
outside. 


In the shadows was a huge golden retriever sitting there silently. 
She was looking inside at Audrey while half her body was hidden 
in the darkness. 


Susie... The corners of Audreys mouth twitched as_ her 
expression instantly changed. She could no longer maintain her 
state as a Spectator. 


Chapter 52: Listener 


An ancient three-masted sailboat was navigating through a 
tumultuous storm in the sea. 


It was not fast and its displacement was lacking. With the 
weather and the sea looking like a cataclysmic scene, the 
sailboat was like a withered leaf separated from its tree. 
However, regardless of how the typhoons rampaged or how 
terrifying the waves were, it continued sailing peacefully 
without any signs of tilting. 


Alger Wilson stood on the empty deck as he looked at the 
massive waves that resembled mountains. His thoughts were a 
mystery. 


It’s going to be Monday again... he muttered silently to himself. 


It was the day belonging to Earth Mother, the beginning of a 
series of waxing and waning. 


However, it meant something different to Alger. It belonged to a 
mysterious existence forever enveloped in grayish-white fog. 


At least I haven’t been reduced to a madman... He stopped looking 
around as he gave a self-deprecating chuckle. 


At this moment, one of the only few sailors he had leaned over 
and asked reverently, “My Lord, where are we setting course for 
this time?” 


Alger surveyed his surroundings and said in a calm voice, 
“Pursue the Listener from the Aurora Order.” 


The storm subsided as mist emanated. On a strange sailboat 
with cannons on board, an eight or nine-year-old boy with soft 
yellow hair was looking at pirates around him in fear. They were 
disorderly—some enjoyed barrels of beer, some swung around 
with ropes, others mocked each other, and some even fought 
with their fists. 


He turned to look at a black-robed man standing in the shadows. 
He suppressed his voice and asked, “Father, where are we 
going?” 


Five days ago was his first time seeing his father, a father who 
proclaimed to be an adventurer. 


If not for the oil painting his late mother left him that confirmed 
his father’s identity and the fact that the orphanage had opened 
its doors to him, he was absolutely unwilling to leave his 
hometown and follow his only kin who was also nearly a 
stranger. 


The man in the shadows lowered his head and looked at his son. 
With an amiable expression, he answered, “Jack, ’m bringing 
you to a holy place, a holy residence where the Creator once 
lived.” 


“Is that the Kingdom of God? We mortals can only enter by 
winning His grace...” Jack had been well-educated by his mother 
and knew this much. He was both surprised and fearful about 
the matter. 


Standing in the shadows, the man had an unforgettable jawline 
as though he was a sculpture chiseled by the best artisan. 


He placed his hand to his ear and made a listening pose. He 
replied in a tone that sounded like sleep-talking, “Jack, mortals 
are a wrong concept. The Creator created this world and He is 
everywhere. He exists in every living being. Therefore, all beings 
have godhood. Once the godhood attains a particular level, they 
can become an angel. The seven fake gods at present are only 
powerful angels. 


“Look, I can now hear the teachings of the Creator. Ah, how 
extraordinary is this revelation! Life is only a tour of the spirit. 
When the spirit is sufficiently potent and resilient, we can find 
our godhood and fuse with even more godhoods...” 


Jack could not understand the complicated description. He shook 
his head and asked another question he previously did not have 
the chance to. 


“Father, I heard from Mother than after the Creator created this 
world, He split into all beings and does not exist in actuality. 
Then, why does His holy residence exist?” 


As a seven to eight-year-old child, he was logical. 


The man with the chiseled face was taken aback. He turned his 
head away as though he was listening to more murmurings. 


Suddenly, he slumped down, knees on the deck. His exposed skin 
protruded black shards. 


He clenched his head with both hands as his expression warped 


and he shouted in extreme pain, “They are lying!” 


After lunch, having had Old Neil promise him that he would 
bring him to the underground market the next time he went, 
Klein slowly returned to the Blackthorn Security Company. He 
chose the two options of reading the documents in the staff 
office and practicing his abilities or take the opportunity to go 
out and act as a Seer in the Divination Club before Captain Dunn 
stopped him. 


However, before he could make the decision, he saw Dunn Smith 
walk in. He was dressed in the usual black trench coat and 
halved top hat. 


“Captain, any updates?” Klein thought of the whereabouts of the 
Antigonus family’s notebook as he asked with concern. 


Without showing any signs of fatigue in his gray eyes, Dunn 
said, “The facts have corroborated that the Antigonus family’s 
notebook is in Ray Bieber’s hands. However, he has vanished 
completely. 


“I have already informed the various Nighthawks teams of this 
matter through a telegram. They were requested to pay attention 
to the various piers and steam locomotive stations. The first 
batch of printed portraits was mailed out yesterday afternoon 
and will be printed in various major newspapers.” 


How nice it would be if there were phones, fax machines, 
surveillance cameras, and big data... What a pity. I know how to 
use all of them and even understand a little of the logic behind it... 
Klein exhaled silently. 


“But regardless, we can consider ourselves as having found the 
notebook. And this is all thanks to you. Of course, it still needs 
another round of confirmations. I have already sent a telegram 
to the Backlund diocese, requesting them to escort Sealed Artifact 
2-049 here. It was once a dangerous item of the Antigonus 
family. It can help us know if Ray Bieber is a descendant of the 
Antigonus family.” 


A Grade 2 Sealed Artifact... Dangerous... They can be used with care 
and moderation. Klein had originally wanted to ask about the 
Sealed Artifact, its special abilities, and the danger it posed out of 
curiosity, but he instantly recalled that he lacked the necessary 
clearance. He had no choice but to give up. 


“May Goddess bless us.” Klein tapped four spots on his chest, 
forming the sign of the full moon. 


Dunn pushed open the door to his office and said with a slight 
nod, “The Goddess has always been protecting us. Klein, if you 
had not chosen Seer, you would be a formal member after this 
matter is verified. You could have chosen Sleepless, but pity... To 
be frank, I’m still puzzled over your choice. Although Corpse 
Collector is quite off-putting, you have seen Daly as well. You 
should know that Spirit Mediums vary in strength. As for 
Mystery Pryers, theyre a good choice too. At the very least, you 
have Old Neil as a role model, so he will make sure the risk of 
losing control is minimized.” 


With regards to this question, Klein had prepared an answer 
from the beginning. He just never had a chance to use it since 
Dunn did not ask. He was only able to answer in passing. 


He organized his words and said, “My considerations stem from 
the fact that Seers and Mystery Pryers are considered Beyonders 
with a support role. They do not need to always face enemies for 
that’s too dangerous. And both you and Old Neil said that in the 
domain of mystery and _ Beyonders, curiosity and 


experimentation usually brings about terrifying outcomes. 
Describing Mystery Pryers as prying mysteries made me worried, 
so... Heh, as you know, I was only an ordinary graduate not long 
ago. A lack of guts is the only reason I made such a choice.” 


“I have to say that this is a very reasonable answer that goes 
beyond my expectations.” Dunn massaged his temples and 
chuckled. 


He turned halfway as his gray eyes sized up Klein. 


“Continue going out for now. Do not limit yourself to the paths 
leading from Welch’s place to Iron Cross Street. Perhaps you 
might sense the notebook and help us confirm Ray Bieber’s 
location.” 


“Alright.” Klein realized that he no longer need to be in a 
dilemma. 


He bade Dunn farewell and turned around, his heart beginning 
to count. 


Three, two... 


“Hold on,” shouted Dunn. 


Klein turned his head and smiled. 


“Captain, is there anything else?” 


Dunn coughed slightly and said, “Well, support Beyonders have 


to fight their enemies from time to time. Although Seers sound 
like they can avoid such battles, they are not to be ignored. You 
have to maintain your shooting skills and work on increasing 
your strength.” 


“This is what ’m working hard towards.” Klein pointed outside. 
“Tl be leaving.” 


“Alright. Uh, wait a moment.” Dunn shouted for him once more. 
As he pondered, he said, “Perhaps I have to consider hiring a 
combat trainer for you. Of course, this matter is under the 
premise that you become a formal member.” 


Klein responded tersely before asking carefully, “Captain, is there 
anything else?” 


“No.” Seeing Klein’s unbelieving eyes, Dunn shook his head and 
smiled. He emphasized again, “Really, nothing.” 


Only then did Klein walk past the partition divider. He bade 
farewell to Rozanne and Mrs. Orianna and headed to the 
Shooting Club for practice. 


With all of this done, he went to the Divination Club and saw the 
beautiful Angelica sitting there reading magazines leisurely. 


“Home”... Klein silently read. With the cane in hand, he walked 
over and greeted with a smile, 


“Good afternoon, Madam Angelica.” 


“Good afternoon, Mr. Moretti.” In no rush, Angelica put down her 


magazine. She stood up and said, “Not long after you left 
yesterday, Mr. Glacis came. He just recovered from a major 
illness.” 


Klein heaved a sigh of relief as he smiled. 


“That sure is something worth celebrating.” 


Upon hearing this, Angelica, who was secretly observing him, 
lowered her voice and asked out of curiosity, 


“Mr. Glacis said that you are a very, very, very magical doctor. 
Are you?” 


What? Klein looked at the lady in front of him, suspecting if he 
was hearing things. 


What made him think I’m a doctor? 


Even I do not know... 


Chapter 54: The First Divination Requester 


Upon seeing Klein’s odd expression, Angelica immediately felt 
her beliefs waver. 


“Is that so? Mr. Glacis mentioned that you were able to tell of an 
ailment in his lungs simply from observation...” 


Her voice softened until she finally shut up. 


Observation? A dark glabella? Klein was instantly enlightened as 
he shook his head with a chortle. 


“T believe Mr. Glacis was mistaken.” 


He was planning on being perfunctory, but after recalling that 
no one sought his divination services the entire afternoon 
yesterday, his mind whirled. It affected his goal of acting as a 
Seer, so he explained, “It’s actually a form of divination.” 


“Divination? But Mr. Glacis only mentioned that you observed 
his face. That’s also considered divination?” asked Angelica in 
shock and doubt. 


Klein smiled, composed. 


“AS a member of the Divination Club, you should know about 
palm-reading, right?” 


Palm-reading was not patented by the Foodaholic Empire. Even 
on Earth, India and old Europe had developed similar principles, 
much less in a world with Beyonder powers. 


“I know about it, but it seems you did not read his palm? Were 
you observing him in secret?” asked Angelica curiously. 


“I was using face-reading.” Klein cooked up a lie. “Its principles 
aren’t very different from palm-reading at a fundamental level.” 


“Really?” Angelica’s eyes were filled with disbelief. 


In order to develop his career as a Seer, Klein chuckled. He 
pretended to be in thought as he tapped his glabella twice. 


He focused his eyes and Angelica’s aura presented itself. Her 
head was purple, her limbs were red, her throat was blue... There 
was no problems with her health except for some colors being 
duller. However, that was a manifestation of ordinary fatigue. 


Klein then looked at her emotions and saw orange mixed in with 
some red and blue. It also meant warmth coupled with some 
excitement and thought. 


Thankfully... After realizing that there was nothing abnormal 
about her, Klein planned on deactivating his Spirit Vision. But it 
was at that moment when he suddenly saw rich darkness 
hidden in the depths of her emotional colors. 


Furthermore, she is lacking a little of white—an eagerness to 
improve... Klein nodded while in thought. 


“Mr. Moretti, were you reading my face?” Seeing the young 
gentleman in black in front of her turn silent abruptly while 
seriously sizing her up, Angelica keenly noticed something. She 
asked in a half-curious and half-worried manner. 


Klein did not immediately reply. Instead, he tapped his glabella 
lightly as he wore a look of scrutiny. 


Just as Angelica was feeling unease, he said warmly, “Madam 
Angelica, there are some sorrows and pains which you should 
not seal in your heart.” 


Angelica’s eyes widened as her mouth turned agape. However, 
she did not say a word. 


She looked at Klein in his halved top hat with an apparent 
scholarly bearing. She heard him use a deep, comforting and 
warm voice to say, “You need to either go mountain climbing, a 
game of tennis, or perform a tragic play to exhaust your body 
due to exercising. Let your tears flow down uninhibited, then cry 
and scream. Express all those emotions. 


“That will be very helpful to your health.” 


The moment those words entered her ears, Angelica felt like she 
had transformed into a statue. She stood there motionless. 


She tried hard to blink as she lowered her head in a fluster, 
saying deeply, “Thank you for your suggestion...” 


“It seems like there are many members here today?” Klein did 
not continue. As though he had not done any divinations prior, 
he turned to his side and looked to the meeting room at the end 


of the corridor. 


“Sunday afternoon... at least fifty members...” Angelica’s voice 
sounded a little hoarse. She only mentioned the key terms. 


She paused as her vocal pace gradually returned to normal. 


“Do you want tea or coffee?” 


“Sibe black tea.” Klein nodded slightly. He politely took off his hat 
and slowly walked to the meeting room. 


Only when he vanished behind the door did Angelica exhale 
slowly. 


The Divination Club’s meeting room was very large. It was nearly 
twice the size of Klein’s high school classroom. 


In the past, only five or six members would be present, making it 
look extremely empty. Now, there were dozens of fortune-tellers 
sitting in different spots. They filled up most of the room. 


Sunlight shone into the room through the few oriel windows. 
The members were either discussing softly among themselves or 
asking Hanass Vincent questions. Otherwise, they were 
practicing and attempting divination or drinking coffee and 
reading newspapers by themselves. 


Such a scene made Klein feel like he was back to his schooling 


days on Earth. The difference was that it was noisier and more 
rowdy back then, without the tranquility of the meeting room. 


He looked around, but he didn’t see familiar faces like Glacis or 
Edward Steve. So, he casually picked up a divination textbook, 
found a corner, and started flipping through it leisurely. 


Very soon, Angelica came in with a cup of tea and left it on the 
table before Klein. 


As she was leaving quietly, she suddenly saw Mr. Moretti take 
out an exquisite-looking silver chain from his left sleeve. There 
was a chunk of pure topaz hanging on the silver chain. 


What is he doing? Angelica slowed down subconsciously and 
focused her gaze at Klein. 


Klein held the silver chain with his left hand and allowed the 
topaz to hang above the Sibe black tea, just short of touching the 
surface of the liquid. 


With a serene expression, he half-closed his eyes and the 
atmosphere around him suddenly turned quiet. 


The topaz started moving slightly, along with the special looking 
silver chain, in a clockwise direction. 


Upon seeing this, Angelica found Mr. Moretti extremely 
mysterious. 


“The black tea you provide is great,” Klein said softly after he 
opened his eyes with a smile. 


His actions were intentionally done for Angelica to see! 


If he wanted people to select him for his divination services, 
Angelica’s recommendation was a very crucial factor! 


Since he wanted to act as a Seer, Klein no longer had any 
reservations. He completely personified the identity. 


“yes, Mr. Vannas is very picky about the quality of tea,” Angelica 
said, stunned. 


Klein put away his spirit pendulum by winding it properly. Then, 
he raised the white porcelain cup with floral design. With a 
smile, he gestured politely at her with his cup. 


Angelica returned to the reception hall, but she no longer had the 
mood to read magazines. She sat there, gazing into the distance. 
It was a wonder what she was thinking about. 


This continued until there were knocks on the door. She jolted 
awake and hurriedly looked at the entrance, only to see a lady 
dressed in a light-blue dress. 


The lady took off her veiled hat with a powder blue ribbon. She 
looked calm and melancholic. 


“Good afternoon, esteemed lady. Would you like to join the 
Divination Club, or are you looking for a divination?” Angelica 
asked like clockwork. 


“I want a divination.” The lady had a beautiful pair of eyes 
hidden with sorrow, and she bit her lower lip as she spoke. 


Angelica guided her to the sofa and explained to her how the 
Divination Club worked in detail. 


She picked up an album and handed it over. 


“you can pick anyone.” 


In her low spirits, the lady flipped through the album seriously. 
As there were too many club members there that day, there were 
too many choices. It left her quite upset. 


“Can you recommend one? From these few pages.” She pointed at 
the middle section of the album, omitting the fortune-tellers 
priced above two soli and those below four pence. 


Angelica took the album and looked at it for a few minutes. She 
deliberated her words before saying, “I suggest this gentleman.” 


The lady who looked uneasy took a glance and realized that it 
was a fortune-teller named “Klein Moretti.” 


“Mr. Moretti just joined the club... Is his divination reliable?” she 
asked worriedly. 


Angelica nodded with great affirmation. 


“Another member of the club and I are certain that Mr. Moretti is 
an outstanding fortune-teller. If it wasn’t for his just joining the 


club, he wouldn’t take such low fees.” 


“I understand.” The depressed girl nodded. “Ill pick Mr. Moretti 
for a divination then.” 


“Alright, please hold on for a second.” Angelica took the album 
and walked towards the meeting room. 


She came next to Klein and said with a suppressed voice, “Mr. 
Moretti, someone wants you to divine for them. Which room 
would you like to use?” 


That was effective. My first “business” is here. Klein put down his 
teacup and nodded calmly as he said, “Topaz room.” 


“Alright.” Angelica walked slowly ahead of him and led him to 
Topaz room before opening its wooden door. 


Klein sat behind the table that had various divination tools on it. 
He waited less than a minute before he saw a woman in a light- 
blue dress walk in. She looked down and melancholic. 


Seizing the opportunity when she was closing the door, he 
tapped his glabella twice. 


The yellow color in her stomach seems a little dull... The dark color 
of her emotions is very heavy, mainly worry and anxiety. Klein 
looked her over carefully and leaned backwards. He then lifted 
his hand to cut off his Spiritual Vision. 


“Good day, Mr. Moretti.” The woman in the light-blue dress sat 
down. 


“Good afternoon, how may I address you?” Klein asked politely, 
not carrying much hope of getting an answer. 


As a keyboard warrior, he knew that many people were not 
willing to use their real names during divination. 


“you can call me Anna.” The girl put her veiled cap aside. She 
looked at Klein with mixed anticipation and doubt, and said, “I 
would like to divine about my fiancé’s situation. He traveled to 
the Southern Continent in March for a business deal. He sent me 
and his family a telegram last month on the third, saying that 
he was going to set sail and return. But he did not return after 
twenty days. At first, I believed that his delay was due to the 
Berserk Sea’s weather, but as of today, it has been more than a 
month. The ship he took, the Alfalfa, still hasn’t arrived at 
Enmat Harbor.” 


The ocean that separated the Northern and Southern continent 
was called the Berserk Sea. It was well known for natural 
calamities and its countless dangerous currents. If it was not for 
Emperor Roselle, who sent men to discover a few safer sailing 
routes, countries in the Northern Continent would still have yet 
to enter the age of colonization, let alone lay an underwater 
cable to complete a transoceanic telegraph. 


Klein looked at his very first client of his career as a Seer and 
asked carefully, “Which divination method do you wish to use?” 


Chapter 55: Revelation 


Anna, with her beautiful eyes, hesitated for more than ten 
seconds. 


“you can choose any type that you believe will be accurate. You 
are the fortune-teller, while I’m not. Of course, apart from cards, 
including tarot, I have also attempted studying them at home. I 
always felt they were more like toys or a game.” 


Klein thought for a moment, his wrists leaning on the edge of 
the table. He steepled his hands before his face, his gaze 
peaceful. He said softly, “Then we shall use the astrolabe.” 


He pointed to a fountain pen and stack of white paper on the 
table and said, “Write down the name of your fiancé as well as 
his facial features, address, and date of birth. It would be even 
better if you can remember the specific time he was born.” 


From her clothes, makeup, and demeanor, Klein did not believe 
that she was illiterate. 


Anna did not reply. She extended her hand and took a piece of 
paper. She lifted the pen and dipped it in some ink. She started 
writing, pausing occasionally to think. 


Two minutes later, she pushed the paper toward Klein. 


Klein received it and turned it around. The information on the 
paper read: “Joyce Meyer, 15th September 1323, 2:00PM. Tingen 
City, East Borough, 8 Stevens Street. Short blond hair, aquiline 
nose...” 


With just a short glance, Klein quickly calculated the person’s 
spiritual number: 


1+5=6 


In the study of Spirit Numerology in mysticism, adding the 
numbers of the day the person was born was called their Birth 
Day Path Number, affecting the person’s life before 27. Birth 
Month Path Number (calculated by adding the numbers in their 
birth month) affected their life from 27 to 54 years old, while the 
Birth Year Path Number (calculating the numbers in their birth 
year) affected their life from 54 years old onward. 


It was July 1349, so Joyce was not yet 27; thus, Klein immediately 
calculated the Birth Day Path Number. 


The number six represented a balanced and harmonious life, 
with a heart for giving and a decent marriage or engagement. 


Following this, he quickly calculated Joyce’s Year Path Number. 


The so-called Year Path Number was calculated by replacing the 
birth year with the current year. The digits were then added with 
his Birth Day Path Number and Birth Month Path Number to get 
a general understanding of the person’s luck for the year. 


1+3+4+9=17, 1+7=8; 8+9 (Birth Month Path Number)+6 (Birth Day 
Path Number)=23; 2+3=5; His Year Path Number is 5, signifying 
that he would meet with change and accident. He would be 
required to take certain risks... Klein made a silent judgment 
after consolidating the facts. He confirmed that the information 
Anna gave was correct. 


He retracted his gaze from the paper and turned it toward Anna, 
“Mr. Meyer set off on his journey on the 3rd of June?” 


“If he did not lie, that is indeed the case.” Anna bit her lips. 


“Alright.” Klein took the fountain pen and made a note of that. 


He looked at Anna with his dark brown eyes and said gently, “I 
will begin creating the astrolabe now. I will need some time and 
absolute silence; do you mind waiting outside? Angelica will 
provide you with a cup of tea or coffee.” 


“Alright.”, Anna knew that some fortune-tellers had their 
eccentricities, so she stood up unsurprised. She took her hat with 
the light blue ribbon and left the Topaz room. 


Klein locked the door and returned to the table. He followed the 
information and set up the astrolabe, including elements such 
as his horoscope and locations of the corresponding planets and 
stars. 


Throughout the entire process, he did not open the Astromancy 
Manual. He completed the set up based on his memory. 


Over the past few days of his mysticism studies, Klein realized 
that he could easily grasp and understand anything about 
divination, quickly turning it into instinct. 


Perhaps that is the ability of a Seer... He completed the astrolabe 
and felt satisfied. He felt as though his body, heart, and soul had 
relaxed considerably. 


As he looked at the outcome, he followed the path of the 
horoscopes and planets, as well as other supporting details to 
roughly deduce that Joyce Meyer had met with an accident but 
would ultimately survive it. 


At this point, the divination was technically complete. But Klein 
wanted to pay much attention to his first business transaction. 
He hoped to build a reputation to aid in acquiring future jobs. He 
picked up the pen and wrote a sentence in Hermes: Joyce 
Meyer’s current situation. 


He read the sentence silently and memorized the information on 
the piece of paper, repeating it again and again. 


After seven times, Klein grabbed the piece of paper and leaned 
back into his chair. 


He imagined the sphere of light, and his eyes became darker, 
allowing him to quickly enter a state of Cogitation. 


The surroundings took on an ethereal quality. A formless, 
boundless fog stretched above him. 


Klein recalled the contents of the piece of paper, then relaxed. He 
fell into a deep sleep in this state. 


He was using a dream divination technique! 


Repeating the question, remembering the details, and then 
allowing his Astral Projection to roam the spirit world in a 
dream would allow him to gain revelations! 


Ordinary people also had this sort of experience sometimes, but 
it was hard for them to recall, as the signs in their dreams were 
more complicated and garbled. A Seer would not have such a 
problem, for they could see the images directly. 


The surroundings began to turn hazy as Klein turned half asleep. 


In the contorted fantasy, he saw a blond young man with an 
aquiline nose. He was swimming frantically in a sea of blood, 
nearly engulfed by the waves. But in the end, he managed to 
escape to shore. 


The image shattered and changed. Klein saw a blue house with a 
toy windmill at the door. That blond young man was entering 
the house slowly, seemingly in joy. 


At this moment, the image changed once again. Klein realized 
that he was inside a magnificent palace. 


The walls were destroyed and damaged beyond repair. Moss and 
weeds grew in multiple areas. Through the holes in the walls, he 
could see a mountain peak and clouds clinging close to it 
outside. 


Atop the palace was a huge throne carved out of stone. It was 
adorned with dull gemstones and gold. It looked as though it 
was not prepared for a human. 


This giant throne was empty and mottled, as if it had been 
washed over by the ages. 


Klein looked around in confusion. He did not understand why he 
would be dreaming of such a scene. 


His turbid mind turned sharp as he subconsciously walked out of 
the palace in an attempt to ascertain where he was. 


Suddenly, he felt a gaze fall upon him. It was a gaze that came 
from behind! 


Klein suddenly turned around and stared towards the giant 
stone throne, only to see a scene of countless transparent 
maggots slowly twitching and growing. 


Klein gasped. 


He opened his eyes and woke up from his dream. 


Crystal balls, tarot cards, and the prepared astrolabe entered his 
vision. Reality quickly replaced fantasy. 


The initial dream was the result of the divination, but what was 
the later dream about? It seemed to be targeted at me? Klein put 
the piece of paper down. He rubbed his temples and 
contemplated. 


He could confirm that it wasn’t his fear projecting itself in the 
form of a dream, for he was doing the divination himself. 


A palace not meant for humans on the peak of a mountain... The 
silent stare... The contorted and weird scene of the maggots... 
Klein silently guessed as he recalled. 


Has the luck enhancement ritual communicated with that 
existence? Or is it a result of the Antigonus family’s notebook... 
Right, that notebook mentioned the Nation of the Evernight in the 


Hornacis mountain range! The palace in the dream was on a 
mountain peak! 


He made a simple deduction and was relieved that he had picked 
Seer. According to Old Neil, Mystery Pryers could also divine 
through dreams, but they weren’t as effective as a Seer. 


Sigh, it sure isn’t letting me go... All I can hope for is the early 
capture of Ray Bieber... Klein collected himself and picked up the 
piece of paper with the diagram of the astrolabe. He slowly 
walked towards the door. 


He opened the door and headed to the reception area. He saw 
Anna looking out the window, completely ignoring her cup of 
black tea. 


“Ah, Mr. Moretti, is there a result?” She saw Klein in her 
peripheral vision and stood up in a hurry. 


Klein did not answer her immediately. Instead, he asked 
according to the revelation he received from the dream, “Does 
your house, or Mr. Meyer’s house, have a toy windmill?” 


Anna’s eyes widened, shocked into silence. 


After a while, she muttered, “That was a present he gave me. It is 
by the door at my house. How did you know that...” 


C-can this be divined? 


Klein smiled and spoke with a gentle tone, “Congratulations 
Miss Anna, Mr. Joyce Meyer is currently a guest at your place. If 


you rush back, you should still be able to meet him. He just 
experienced a calamity, an unimaginably painful journey. What 
he needs now are not questions, but consolation and a warm 
hug.” 


“Really?” Anna asked in disbelief. 


The fortune-tellers she knew would never speak with such 
certainty or give such firm conclusions. 


“you will know if you go back immediately,” Klein replied with a 
gentle tone and smile. 


“Oh, Lord of Steam, is that true? Has my poor Joyce returned? Are 
you certain? No, I cannot believe it...” Anna froze for a moment 
and said a few delirious words. 


She took out a one-soli note from her purse and did not wait for 
Klein to give her the change. She broke into a small jog as she 
left the Divination Club, taking a carriage back home. 


“Does this include my tip?” Klein looked at the note and shook 
his head with a laugh. 


A two-wheeled carriage steered quickly across the streets and 
entered East Borough. 


Anna watched the streets sweeping past her, feeling a mixture of 
unease, anticipation, and fear. It did not take long before the toy 
windmill entered her field of vision. 


She got off the carriage, showing no care for her bearing. She 
staggered quickly towards the door and rang the doorbell. 


The door creaked open, revealing a blond young man dressed in 
a black formal suit. He was haggard, but his eyes carried a glint 
of joy. He had an aquiline nose. 


“I thought that I would miss you today,” Joyce said with a smile. 


“..Oh, Exalted Steam, you really are back!” Anna rubbed her eyes, 
exclaiming in pleasant surprise. 


What the fortune-teller said was true! 


No, that was a real seer! 


It was simply fascinating! 


Thoughts welled in her mind as Anna pounced forward with 
tears in her eyes and gave her fiancé a warm hug. 


The two of them hugged silently outside the grayish-blue house. 
The toy windmill turned slowly, seemingly tossing all their 
difficulties far away. 


Chapter 56: Escape from the Sea 


In a rather spacious living room, Anna and Joyce were seated on 
different sofas, separated by Anna’s parents. 


Joyce sighed with a satisfied expression and said, “Exalted 
Steam, I am so lucky to come back alive, to be able to see Anna 
again.” 


“My poor Joyce, what happened?” Anna couldn’t help but ask 
with concern. 


Joyce took a glance at his fiancée, and his expression turned 
grave. 


“I still feel terrified to this day. I keep waking up from my 
dreams again and again. Five days after the Alfalfa left Caesar 
Pier, we came across pirates, scary pirates. The only fortunate 
thing was that their leader’s name was Nast.” 


“The pirate that calls himself the King of the Five Seas?” Anna’s 
father, Mr. Wayne, asked in shock. 


Although Joyce had already been there for half an hour, he did 
not volunteer details about his ordeal. He appeared to be fearful, 
perturbed, and uneasy. It was only after Anna returned and 
hugged him that he finally appeared to put it behind him. 


“yes, due to his declaration of being a descendant of the Solomon 
Empire, the King of the Five Seas, Nast didn’t believe in killing 
captives. Hence, we were only robbed and didn’t lose our lives. 
His subordinates even left us sufficient food,” Joyce said as he 


recalled the ordeal. 


His body started to quiver, but he continued to describe his 
deepest and scariest nightmare. 


“I didn’t lose much of my wealth. I believed that my misfortune 
was over, but as we continued towards our destination, a heated 
conflict erupted among the Alfalfa’s passengers and crew. From 
disagreement, to fighting, to drawing revolvers, and raising 
swords to kill each other... I saw nothing but blood during that 
period. One after another, people beside me fell with eyes 
opened, never to be closed. Their limbs, hearts, and intestines 
were scattered across the floors.” 


“Those of us who were unwilling to turn into savage beasts, the 
rational group, had nowhere to hide and nowhere to escape. We 
were surrounded by deep blue waves and the boundless ocean... 
Some wailed, some begged for mercy, some sold their bodies, but 
their heads were hung from the mast either way. 


“Anna, I reeled in despair back then. I thought I would never see 
you again. Fortunately, in such a nightmare, there was still a 
hero. The captain took us to hide in the sturdy keel of the ship, 
and we relied on the stored water and food there until the 
maniacs reached their limits. Mr. Tris encouraged us, 
courageously leading us in an assault against those murderers... 


“After an unforgettable bloody battle, we survived. But the Alfalfa 
strayed off course, and only a third of the original sailors 
remained.” 


When he depicted the most horrible and darkest side of the 
human psyche, Joyce couldn’t help but recall the “hero,” the man 


that called himself Tris. He had a round and amiable face. He 
was shy like a girl and enjoyed staying in a corner. Only people 
whom he was familiar with knew that he was a very good 
conversationailist. 


But it was such an unremarkable boy who stood in front of 
everyone with determination in the worst of days. 


“Oh, Exalted Steam, my poor Joyce, you went through such a 
heartbreaking ordeal. Thank God, praise be to God, He prevented 
us from eternal separation.” Tears welled up in Anna’s eyes as 
she constantly dotted three points to form a triangle, the Sacred 
Emblem for Steam and Machinery. 


Joyce revealed a faint pale smile. 


“This is the reward for our faith. The Alfalfa then went through 
storms, lost its course, and after surmounting one challenge 
after another, arrived at Enmat Harbor.” 


“Due to the bloodbath that had taken place on the boat, those of 
us that survived were held captive by the police and questioned 
separately. We didn’t have a chance to send telegrams home to 
update our loved ones. When they released us this morning, I 
immediately borrowed some money from my friend and took 
the steam locomotive back. Thank God for letting me set foot on 
the land of Tingen again, allowing me to see all of you again.” 


Then, he looked towards his fiancée in confusion. 


“Anna, when you saw me, I could feel your happiness and 
surprise, but I couldn’t understand why you rushed towards the 
door so excitedly right after you got off the carriage. Heh, I had 
planned on giving you a huge surprise.” 


Anna thought about what had happened earlier, and continued 
in disbelief, “There’s nothing to hide, Joyce. As I was worried 
about you, I went to the only divination club in Tingen City today 
for a divination. That fortune-teller—no, the seer told me, he 
said, ‘Your fiancé has returned; he’s in the house with a 
windmill.” 


“What?” the Wayne couple and Joyce exclaimed simultaneously. 


Anna covered her face and shook her head. 


“I can barely believe it either, but it happened. Exalted Steam, 
perhaps there really are miracles in this world.” 


“Joyce, that seer asked me for your name, characteristics, 
address, and birth date. He told me he was going to do an 
astrolabe divination. Then, he asked me if the house with a toy 
windmill was yours or mine. When I confirmed it was mine, he 
said, ‘Congratulations Miss Anna, Mr. Joyce Meyer is currently a 
guest at your place. What he needs now are not questions, but 
consolation and a warm hug.” 


“God...” Joyce found it unbelievable and incomprehensible. “Does 
he know me? Did someone send him a telegram? Could it be that 
he is familiar with the police in Enmat Harbor? No, that doesn’t 
explain it. How did he know that I came to your place? How 
could he possibly know that you would seek a divination? Did 
you make an appointment?” 


“No, I made a selection at the last minute,” Anna replied with a 
vacant-looking expression. 


“Perhaps a good seer needs to be in control of vast amounts of 
information, even if it cannot be used any time soon. Perhaps, 
that is the fascinating aspect of divination.” Anna’s father, Mr. 


Wayne sighed and concluded. “In the known history of more 
than a thousand years and in the uncertain Fourth Epoch, 
divination has existed and has yet to disappear. I think there 
must be a reason for that.” 


Joyce shook his head lightly and asked, “What’s that seer’s 
name?” 


Anna thought and said, “Klein Moretti.” 


In the reception lobby of the Divination Club. 


As Klein had spoken softly, Angelica knew not to go close. 
Therefore, she only saw Anna leave as though she had lost her 
soul, wearing shock and confusion on her face. 


Angelica briskly walked to the sofa and asked out of curiosity, 
“Was the result good?” 


She did not dare ask the actual result, afraid of violating the 
unspoken rule of fortune-tellers. 


“Yeah.” Klein nodded and took out three copper coins from his 
pocket. “One-eighth of one soli is one and a half pennies, right?” 


“Yes.” Angelica looked at the copper coins and realized that one 
of them was a penny and two of them were halfpence. She 
quickly held it out and said, “There’s an additional halfpence.” 


Klein smiled faintly and said, “Thank you for taking care of my 
customer. She gave me a tip, so it’s only right I give you one.” 


It’s also to thank you for recommending me... he added in his 
heart. 


“Alright.” Angelica felt an unknown fear of Klein, but since the 
reason was appropriate, she didn’t refuse the offer. 


Klein returned to the meeting room, believing that there would 
be more people requesting his divinations. 


However, he did not receive a second customer by forty minutes 
past five. 


It wasn’t because the Divination Club’s business was poor, but 
because most people had already chosen a fortune-teller. 


They likely were recommended by others and had long determined 
whose services to hire... In short, I’m still lacking in reputation... 
Klein laughed at himself for using game terminology. 


He finished his third cup of Sibe black tea, grabbed his top hat 
and silver-edged cane, and walked leisurely out of the meeting 
room. 


Angelica suddenly recalled Glacis’s instructions, and she quickly 
moved to intercept him. 


“Mr. Moretti, when will you next visit the club? Mr. Glacis would 
like to thank you in person.” 


“I will come over whenever I’m free. If fate permits us, he will 
definitely meet me,” Klein replied, using the tone of a psychic 
charlatan, as though he was in character. 


Then, he left the club before Angelica could respond and took the 
public carriage home. 


When he stepped through the door, Klein found Benson reading 
the newspaper and Melissa putting together bits and pieces of 
gears, bearings, and springs in the evening sunlight. 


“Good afternoon. Did Mrs. Shaud visit?” Klein asked casually. 


Benson didn’t put down his newspaper; instead, he lifted his 
head. 


“Mrs. Shaud’s visit lasted fifteen minutes. She brought some 
gifts, and she was very happy with the muffins and lemon cake 
that we prepared. She also invited us over whenever we have the 
chance to. She is a friendly, well-mannered lady. She knows how 
to carry a conversation very well too.” 


“The only problem is their belief in the Lord of Storms. They 
believe that girls shouldn’t go to school, but should be 
homeschooled instead,” Melissa complained. 


It was obvious that she was very upset about it. 


“Don’t mind that. As long as she doesn’t disturb us, she will still 
be a good neighbor,” Klein comforted his sister, smiling. 


The Loen Kingdom was a multi-religious nation, unlike the 


Frosac Empire in the north which only believed in the God of 
Combat or the Feynapotter Kingdom in the south which only 
worshiped Earth Mother. It was inevitable that the 
congregations from the three major churches of the Lord of 
Storms, the Evernight Goddess, and the God of Steam and 
Machinery had conflicts in beliefs and customs. After a thousand 
years of this, they restrained each other, making coexistence 
possible. 


“Okay.” Melissa pursed her lips and redirected her focus onto the 
pile of parts again. 


After dinner, Klein continued revising history. Only when 
Melissa and Benson showered and returned to their rooms did 
he wash up, enter his bedroom, and lock his door. 


He needed to organize and summarize what he had learned and 
the problems that he encountered to prevent himself from 
forgetting or missing out any critical points. Only by doing so 
would he be able to respond to subsequent developments in the 
future with a clear train of thought. 


Klein flipped open his notebook, took out his pen, and started 
writing in Mandarin. 


“Why is the key to digesting potions acting?” 


Chapter 57: Organization and Summary 


After pausing for a moment, Klein continued writing. 


“The essence to resolving the problems with potions is through 
digestion, not simply controlling it. This can be understood in a 
straightforward manner. 


“Merely controlling it would be akin to using the power of 
potions as an external tool. A tamed beast no matter how well 
controlled would ultimately not be a part of a person. The risk of 
it turning on them would be ever present. As for digestion, it is to 
view the downed potion as a part of them. They can break it 
down, fuse with it, absorb it, and form an overall system. 


“Iam currently certain of this point. What is more important is 
how ‘acting’ helps in digestion. 


“According to my experience as a Seer today, I can make two 
hypotheses. They can be verified in the future.” 


“One: Acting based on the potion’s name changes the state of 
one’s body, heart, and soul, making them closer to the remnant 
headstrong psyche of the potion’s core. This results in resonance 
which allows gradual assimilation and absorption. 


“Two: The remnant headstrong psyche spirit of the magic 
medicine might be like a computer with complete defensive 
mechanisms. If one wishes to attack it and break it down, they 
will need to find a bug, security hole, or key. The name of the 
potion provides a corresponding clue; thus, we can disguise our 
body, heart, and soul as ‘part of the system’ through acting, and 
so we deceive the system’s defenses. This line of thought is 


similar to Emperor Roselle’s description. 


“No matter which guess is right, there is no escaping the body, 
heart, and soul, for they are the only bridge between acting and 
the power of potions.” 


Klein put down his pen and looked at the paragraph of text. For a 
moment, he even wanted to thank the education he received 
from the Foodaholic Empire. 


No matter if he chose science or engineering for his further 
education, he was equipped with the basics of logical thought. 
Otherwise, there was no way he could have become a keyboard 
warrior, nor would he have been able to analyze his current 
situation. 


“Acting might have an effect, but we'll have to wait and see for 
the specifics,” Klein guessed. 


After that, he wrote down his second question. 


“Why would a Seer, being more well-learned and professional in 
the domain of mysticism, be lacking in means when it comes to 
direct combat? Wouldnt being more well-learned and 
professional make a Seer even more powerful, giving them the 
ability to discover a way to defeat their enemies? 


“The reasons could be... 


“First, just like the web novels I’ve read in the past, I have 
transmigrated to a game world that has become reality. Thus, 
different ‘jobs’ come with different specialties that have to be 
balanced against each other. But up to this point, there has been 


no sign of this world being a game, nor are there signs of 
mission-like developments. I'll put this reason on hold, but it’s 
very unlikely. 


“Second, the fundamental law of this world is balance. The 
Creator made this world with the core idea of balance. 


“Third, potions at the same Sequence level would have the same 
level of power. It is the most optimal state based on what our 
forefathers found out and summarized. Exceeding this level of 
power would make it easier for one to collapse and lose control. 
Below this level of power would make it such that one would not 
obtain the desired Beyonder powers. Thus, under the situation of 
a balanced power level, being stronger in one area would 
naturally mean that one is weaker in another area. 


“Fourth, everything in this world originated from the same 
source; they were formed by the remnants of the Creator. Thus, 
everything in this world is technically fragments of the Creator, 
and the fact that they have to complement each other would 
mean that there are inherent shortcomings to an individual. 


“I am leaning towards the third and fourth reasons, but the 
latter stems from an unconfirmed myth and can only serve as a 
guide. 


“Thus, I shall use the third reason as a guide, and try to ascertain 
it using my current knowledge and future studies.” 


At this point, Klein had already written two full pages but did not 
stop. Instead, he penned a new question. 


“From what I learned today, my luck enhancement ritual is 
categorized as a classic ritualistic magic. 


“Similar kinds of ritualistic magic can be split into three parts, 
the first being a sacrifice that sparks the interest of a 
corresponding existence. The second is comprised of 
incantations specifically describing the existence in question. 
The third is using simple formatting and symbols to convey 
what one is asking for. 


“Using this as a benchmark to analyze the luck enhancement 
ritual, there’s an obvious problem. “There is no third part! 


“It has the sacrifice aspect in the placement of staple foods and 
walking a square in a counterclockwise manner with four steps. 
There is also a clear indication who the incantation is for, such 
as the phrase, ‘The Immortal Lord of Heaven and Earth for 
Blessings.’ 


“But all I did after was close my eyes and wait. There was 
nothing in the ritual that described the goal of enhancing my 
luck. 


“In other words, the corresponding existence has no way of 
knowing what the so-called luck enhancement ritual is asking 
for, and can only do as they see fit... Do as they see fit... 


“What a troll! Isn’t that darn ‘Quintessential Divination and 
Arcane Arts of the Qin and Han Dynasty’ too much of a troll? 


“IT must have had rocks in my head back then for trying...” 


Klein stopped writing and took two deep breaths, trying hard to 
calm himself down. 


He spat out a foul breath and continued writing. 


“I can consider re-designing the ritual, making it more complete. 
The motive of the ritual shall be to return to Earth, back to the 
world with my parents and friends. 


“Then here comes the question: was the entity truly acting on a 
whim? Or is there a deeper meaning to it? 


“Also, is the entity that the descriptive incantations point 
towards in this world the same one from Earth? 


“If so, the difference in results between the first and second 
ritual could be explained as the entity doing as it wishes. But the 
results of me appearing above the gray fog during the second 
and third time, while being able to connect to Justice and The 
Hanged Man has basically no differences. Why would that be so? 


“If the fourth ritual tomorrow afternoon shows me the same 
stable results, that would mean that the effects are consistent. 
That would mean that the unknown entity has an agenda I do 
not know about. If that is the case, adding new descriptions and 
requests would not get me a clear response. In fact, it might 
complicate the ritual and result in adverse effects. 


“Would the difference between the first ritual and the 
subsequent rituals—under the premise that the entity I called 
upon is the same one—mean that the results would be different 
depending on the world I’m in? It is like I am using a different 
interface... 


“Then how can I design it to obtain my desired outcome? 


“If I think that the entities behind the first and subsequent 
rituals are different, some of the questions can be perfectly 
answered. But similarly, the stability of the results in the second 
and third rituals would mean that the entity I am praying to has 


a certain agenda, and there is no way I can change that for the 
time being. 


“The most important question is the identity of the entity that 
the ritual is directed. Where is He, and why doesn’t He give me 
any clues or guidance? 


“Could He be deep in the world of fog? 


“Hmm, can I treat Him as an entity in slumber, an entity that 
would give fixed responses if I give Him a certain stimulus, but 
would not interfere with what I do other than that? 


“Then I can introduce a different ritual as a stimulus and 
conclude whether the feedback I receive is regular. That way, I 
can find the correct method of returning. 


“But the problem lies in the possibility that He is not asleep. In 
that case, such tests might result in terrifying outcomes. It 
might be really dangerous. 


“The first attempt must be conducted with extreme caution. The 
design must not anger the being... 


“What a headache. I need more knowledge.” 


Klein sighed and gave a summary. 


Finally, he wrote down other miscellaneous items. 


“There are always formless voices resonating in my ears, 


shouting ‘Hornacis and... uh, was it saying Frygrea or Feygrea? 


“Hornacis is the mountain range dividing the Loen Kingdom and 
the Intis Republic. Its main peak is six thousand meters above 
sea level. 


“According to the records in the Antigonus family’s diary, there 
existed a Nation of the Evernight in the Fourth Epoch. Is the 
Nation of the Evernight related to the Evernight Goddess—is 
there any connection between the two? Are they allies or 
enemies? Was the Antigonus family obliterated by the Church of 
Evernight due to Nation of the Evernight? 


“Did I hear murmurings coming from the diary, from the howls 
of the Antigonus family over one or two thousand years? 


“What then does Frygrea, unh—Flegrea mean? 


“An interesting question. To be able to leave behind such a diary, 
to leave behind Sealed Artifact 2-049 implies that the Antigonus 
family had possession of a relatively powerful Beyonder power. If 
that is so, which Sequence did they possess? Was it complete or 
not complete? 


“My realization that the diary is in the hands of Ray Bieber was a 
bit of a coincidence, but without any indication of it being 
arranged, could my fate really be tied up with that diary’s?” 


His ideas were penned on the pieces of paper. Klein tried his best 
to write down the events he had experienced and his guesses 
about their meaning. 


He wrote a total of four pages on both sides of each paper. 


Rip! Klein suddenly tore off the four pages and read them from 
top to bottom, sometimes marking certain sections with his pen, 
adding a few sentences at other times. 


Time flew quickly. The crimson moon was temporarily covered 
by dark clouds. Klein picked up the pocket watch on the table, 
snapped it open, and looked at the time. 


He put down the watch and took out a box of matches from his 
drawer. He lit one and brought it close to the four pages of notes. 


The orange flame ignited the edges of the paper and quickly 
spread. 


Klein placed the notes on top of the wooden dustbin and 
watched the ashes drop. 


He then released his fingers, allowing the papers to fall. In just 
ten seconds, everything had disappeared. All that was left was 
the still-swirling ash and the charred bottom of the dustbin. 


As there was Emperor Roselle’s secret diary in this world, Klein 
did not dare leave behind any evidence that he knew how to 
write Chinese—if Old Neil and the rest discovered the four pieces 
of paper he wrote, he would have no idea how to explain the 
matter. 


And while writing the confidential questions, Klein was worried 
that the one paying attention to his dreams would be able to see 
and decipher the contents no matter which language he used, be 
it Loen, ancient Feysac, or Hermes. Therefore, he could only write 


notes in Chinese to organize and summarize. After he was done 
with the task, he burned the notes to leave no traces. 


And precisely because there was no way of saving, he set up a 
plan for himself. He would do this summary once a week just in 
case he forgot anything. 


As he watched the ashes fall, Klein pulled out a white piece of 
paper. He wrote the title: “To my respected mentor,” 


He wanted to write to Senior Associate Professor Quentin Cohen, 
asking if he had any relevant historical information about the 
main peak of the Hornacis mountain range. 


Chapter 58: A Train of Thought 


The next day, a Monday morning. 


Klein, who had the day off, didn’t leave home. Instead, he gave 
Melissa his letter directed to Mentor Cohen Quentin and more 
than enough money to buy stamps. He entrusted her with the 
job of mailing the letter at the post office near the Tingen 
Technical School where she studied. 


After breakfast, he slept in to make up for the lack of sleep 
caused by the previous night’s “work.” He only woke up because 
of his stomach’s grumblings close to noon. 


He heated up some leftovers from the night before and ate them 
with a loaf of rye bread. Klein grabbed a newspaper and entered 
the bathroom on the second floor. 


Whenever he did that, he couldn’t help but sigh at the lack of a 
cell phone. 


After about seven or eight minutes, he left the toilet refreshed 
and washed his hands. He then returned to his bedroom and 
locked his door. 


Klein drew the curtains, lit up the gas lamp, and cogitated for 
half an hour. After practicing his Spiritual Vision, spirit dowsing, 
and dowsing rod for half an hour, he spent another hour 
mentally reviewing the mysticism knowledge he had gained 
recently. 


After doing that, he ripped up the old newspaper and crumpled 


them into a few balls. He wrote on them, “Moon Flower Candle,” 
“Full Moon Essence Oil,” and other names of materials. He 
followed the prescribed steps of ritualistic magic in his head in 
order to master every little detail. Until he was entirely familiar 
with it, he didn’t intend to try ritualistic magic because it was 
both a waste of materials and also easily attracted danger. 


He repeated again and again until he picked up his silver pocket 
watch patterned with vine-leaves and took a glance. He realized 
that it was a quarter to three. 


He considered for a few seconds and brought the scraps of old 
newspapers to the kitchen on the first floor to burn them. While 
doing so, he made sure he was in an optimal state of mind as he 
prepared for the Tarot Gathering. 


Locking his bedroom door once again, Klein didn’t wait for the 
clock to strike three. He planned to enter the area above the gray 
fog ahead of time. 


He wanted to seize the chance to explore the place thoroughly! 


As Klein stood in an empty spot in his room and started walking 
counterclockwise, he suddenly worried that Justice and The 
Hanged Man had yet to enter a suitable environment. He 
thought of a particular matter. 


Would they be disturbed or discovered? 


He had previously mentioned to allow Justice and The Hanged 
Man to apply for “leave” ahead of time if they needed to be 
absent from the Gathering for some reason such as being unable 
to find time alone or unexpected circumstances. 


It would have been an almost unsolvable problem for Klein in 
the past. There was no way he could build an entire server-based 
Internet by hand in a different world, right? Any technology 
beyond the telegram could expose him. 


But now, he had suddenly found inspiration from ritualistic 
magic. 


“Ritualistic magic borrows the powers of others by seeking the 
help of different existences. Similar incantations would make it 
clear who it is directed to in the beginning, such as the Evernight 
Goddess or the Lady of Crimson. It would be a description of the 
unknown and clandestine existences.” 


“Then, can I amend the chant and redirect the beginning of the 
chant towards myself?” 


“Directed at me...” 


“This way, even if Justice and The Hanged Man conduct the 
ritual in different locations, I would receive their messages.” 


Klein suddenly felt fresh insight as he began analyzing the 
likelihood of the method working. 


“There are two difficulties. First, 1 am not an incredibly strong 
high-level Sequencer. Even if the description of the incantation 
was directed to me, I couldn’t possibly receive the ‘request.” 


“Second, how can I ensure that the description of the chant is 
directed at me accurately, and doesn’t stray away and hit some 
other unknown existence that fits the description? That would 
be incredibly dangerous.” 


Klein paced back and forth, deep in thought for a possible 
workable solution. 


He went in circles with silent footsteps. Then, he naturally 
linked the matter with the mysterious world of the gray fog. 


“Even if I can’t receive the message, that doesn’t mean the gray 
fog can’t. Its connection with the crimson stars can ‘drag’ a 
person into the space directly, regardless of where they are in 
the physical world. 


“I could consider tying myself to the mysterious space together 
during the directed description... 


“In accordance with this train of thought, even though I might 
not immediately receive the ‘request’ when the other party is 
holding the ritual, I will still be able to see the corresponding 
messages whenever I enter the gray fog. 


“To put it simply, it is the difference between being online and 
offline on an instant messaging system.” 


Klein became more excited the more he thought. He felt that his 
idea was worth a try. 


“Hmm, what kind of description could be used to precisely direct 
a message to me and to the gray fog world?” He started thinking 
about the actual details. 


In fact, he had an incantation that would definitely work. It was 
none other than the Loen translation of ‘The Celestial Worthy of 
Heaven and Earth for Blessings.’ But herein lies the problem: he 
would lose control of the gray fog and lose his leading role. He 


could only exclude it. 


“The Fool from an alternate world?” No way. It is quite accurate, 
and there is almost no other existence that fits the criteria, but it 
would expose my biggest secret... Klein thought of one 
incantation after another, but he crossed off each one. 


After about seven to eight minutes, he finally decided on the 
description of the first paragraph that directed to him. 


“The Fool that doesn’t belong to this era.” 


It was obviously not accurate enough; therefore, Klein quickly 
added, “The mysterious ruler above the gray fog.” 


The combination of the two lines practically limited it to him. 
Furthermore, he had tied the gray fog to him. 


“It’s still a little short. I cannot eliminate the possibility that 
there are multiple spaces and rulers above the gray fog. I cannot 
eliminate the fact that the description might be directed to the 
spirit world...” Klein creased his eyebrows and planned on 
making it more certain. 


Hmm... He thought for a full minute and finally decided on the 
last part of the description. 


The King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck! 


It shared a similar meaning to “The Exalted Thearch of Heaven 
and Earth for Blessings [1].” If the incantation purely depended 
on that part of the description, it might end up being directed 


away and provoking unknown dangerous existences. But with 
the first two lines as a limitation, and his experience of arriving 
above the fog through a similar incantation, he believed that the 
target’s description could result in a perfect lock on. 


Klein wasn’t sure if casting the ritualistic magic with those three 
descriptions would be effective, but he was definite that it would 
not attract the attention of another existence, It wouldn’t throw 
Justice and The Hanged Man into danger. 


Klein heaved out a long sigh and recited the incantation that he 
had decided upon. 


“The Fool that doesn’t belong to this era, you are the mysterious 
ruler above the gray fog; you are the King of Yellow and Black 
who wields good luck...” 


He nodded his head slightly and took out his pocket watch to 
confirm the time. 


It’s already 2:58... Without further thought, Klein put away his 
pocket and entered Cogitation. Soon he chanted and took four 
steps counterclockwise to form a square. 


The most ferocious noises and heart-stirring roars were heard 
once again. He felt the headache that was even harder to deal 
with than the pain of consuming the Seer potion. 


The pain was not a sharp pain that tore through his head. It was 
a throbbing pain that made him manic and irrational. It was a 
pain that left him in chaotic confusion. 


Klein controlled himself using Cogitation and tried hard to 


ignore the voices. 


The muttering and murmurs receded like the tides. His body 
became ethereal, along with his spirituality. Everything seemed 
to float. 


The boundless gray fog appeared before his sight, the crimson 
stars at varying distances from him, just like pairs of eyes. 


Above the gray fog stood the palace, lofty and towering like the 
home of a giant. It was as though it had been there for millions 
of years. 


All Klein did was will it and he disappeared from where he was, 
reappearing at the Seat of Honor at the long bronze table with 
twenty-two high-back chairs. 


“The effect of the ritual is definitely fixed...” Klein muttered. He 
tapped his glabella gently and allowed the fog to engulf him, 
ones thicker than before. According to the description of The 
Hanged Man, if Justice had become a Spectator, it would be best 
not to reveal any of his tics before her. 


Without any time for exploring, Klein extended his right hand 
and formed an invisible connection, connecting him to the two 
familiar crimson stars. 


On the roaring blue waves of the Sonia Sea, an ancient sailboat 
was Sailing with the wind. 


Alger Wilson locked himself in the captain’s cabin and made the 
ghost ship provide him the best protection. 


He opened the pocket watch before him and laid it next to the 
brass sextant. The clock was ticking without joy as it exuded 
nervousness. 


When the hour hand, minute hand, and second hand aligned, 
there was an explosion of crimson before Alger Wilson. It 
ignored the layers and layers of protection he had placed over 
himself. 


Sigh... His sigh reverberated across the captain’s room. 


Backlund, Empress Borough. 


Audrey Hall laid against a down-feather pillow and glanced at 
the yellow paper in her hand. Her gemlike eyes looked like they 
had two souls spiraling slowly in them. 


Her gaze was calm and cool, as if she were waiting for a play to 
begin. 


As the crimson red erupted, she looked at herself being 
swallowed with complete detachment. 


Above the gray fog, in the magnificent palace, on the ancient and 


mottled long bronze table. 


Klein, who had already activated his Spiritual Vision, looked over 
when Audrey Hall’s figure began to form. He was not surprised to 
see that the colors deep in her aura had blended together. It 
became pure and serene, like a lake that was clear and reflective. 


She really did become a Beyonder... Klein was just about to move 
his gaze away when he suddenly saw the chair belonging to 
Miss Justice change. 


The bright stars on the back of the chair moved swiftly, forming 
an illusory constellation that didn’t belong to reality. 


That constellation was familiar to Klein because it was one of 
the symbols of mysticism. 


It was a symbol that represented “Giant Dragon”! 


Spectator... Giant Dragon... Klein restrained himself from 
shaking his head and looked over at the back of The Hanged 
Man’s chair. 


Typically speaking, it was impossible for him to see the back of 
the chair from his angle, but this was where he was in control. 
Everything presented itself according to his will. 


The constellation on the back of the chair had not changed, but 
since Klein had grasped the basics of mysticism, he wasn’t as 
ignorant as before. He could recognize that it was the symbol of 
“Storm.” 


Sailor... Keeper of the Sea... Storm... That’s reasonable. The color 
deep in The Hanged Man’s aura is much purer than it was... Has 
he advanced? Oh yeah, what about the symbol behind my chair? 


Klein suppressed his impulse to look, rapped the edge of the long 
table thrice just like before, and smiled as he said, 
“Congratulations, Miss Justice, you are a Beyonder now.” 


He can tell straight away? Audrey was stunned and smiled 
faintly. 


“Thank you, Mr. Fool, and thank you, Mr. Hanged Man.” 


“That was much faster that I thought,” Alger Wilson said 
honestly. 


Klein didn’t continue the topic but tapped his glabella and said 


with a smile, “Lady, Sir, have either of you found Roselle’s diary?” 


1. In Chinese, Yellow refers to Earth, and Black refers to 
Heaven. 


Chapter 59: Roselle’s Origins 


Upon hearing The Fool’s question, Audrey did not immediately 
answer like in the past. Instead, she widened her crystalline eyes 
and glanced at The Hanged Man with a scrutinous attitude. 


Alger subconsciously subdued his body motions. After a few 
seconds of silence, he said, “I found two pages of the Emperor 
Roselle’s diary and have memorized their contents.” 


“I have one page,” Audrey, whose vision was obscured by the fog, 
said as though she was removed from the conversation. 


“Pretty good.” Klein did not allow his joy or his disappointment 
be noticed from his voice. 


He felt joy as there were three full pages, but disappointment 
also because there were only three pages. Their initial search for 
the diary was definitely easier, for all they had to do was ask 
through their connections and channels they were already 
familiar with. Collecting the pages would become more and 
more difficult as time went on as it would involve more and 
more elements. 


“Should we ‘express’ them now?” Audrey inquired with a calm 
tone. 


“Yes.” Klein simply nodded. 


He maintained his posture without any change. He had to be 
cautious in front of a Spectator. 


As he finished his sentence, pieces of yellowish-brown goatskin 
parchment and dark red fountain pens appeared in front of 
Audrey and Alger. 


The two of them picked up their pens and started to recall the 
symbols they had seen. They also infused the emotions of 
expressing them out. 


Silently, lines of text appeared on the goatskin. Some of them 
appeared proper, some delicate, others slanted. 


In a mere minute, the contents that Alger and Audrey had 
forcibly memorized were all written. 


Klein willed the three pieces of parchment into his hands. 


He gave the pages a cursory glance and realized that some of the 
grammar was wrong. There were also missing and wrong words 
in the content. 


But experimentation had proved that incorrect sequencing of 
words to some extent did not affect the overall comprehension of 
Chinese. Klein was also not afraid of missing words since he 
often read web novels filled with censored asterisks. 


“8th April. I stood at the bow of Black King and stretched my 
arms, saying to Grimm and Edwards, ‘My fortune is yours for 
the taking, but you'll have to find it first. I left everything I own 
at the ends of the Fog Sea!’ They did not understand my humor 
at all and even asked if I really had other treasures. How boring. 
You can’t be my Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse if you keep at 
that!” 


“llth April. I discovered a nameless island that was not on a safe 
sea route. There are a good number of extraordinary animals 
there, no—I prefer calling them extraordinary beings; it feels 
more impressive that way. Other than that, there are several 
weird creatures on the island. I believe that if Darwin had been 
transmigrated there, there is no way he could have written his 
Theory of Evolution.” 


“15th April. Grimm has suddenly become a little odd. Has he been 
infected by something?” 


When did Emperor Roselle, who was born in the Intis Kingdom, set 
off on a voyage? The Fog Sea should be the sea west of the Intis 
Republic... Yea, I need to use historical information from the 
library to cross reference this... Klein quickly finished reading a 
page, casting his gaze to the back of the piece of paper. 


At this point, he no longer hid the fact that he could decipher 
Emperor Roselle’s secret symbols since this ability fitted the 
persona and status of The Fool. Audrey and Alger did not speak. 
They waited silently, as if unsurprised by such a revelation. In 
fact, they even believed that it was only right. 


“2nd October. They actually wanted me to marry Matilda from 
the Abel family without even consulting me first! Heavens, I 
have not even met her! No, I must decline! Even if I were to run 
away from home and survive on my own and suffer the 
vicissitudes of life, I must fight against this marriage!” 


“Sth October. Miss Matilda is really pretty.” 


“eth October. Her personality and her demeanor is just my type. I 
am starting to look forward to the marriage.” 


Hey, Emperor, where is your integrity? Klein leaned back into his 


seat, not allowing his emotions to pass through the fog. 


He realized that Gustav did not write in his diary every day early 
on. Most of the time, he would only write in the diary when 
there were certain events that he needed to lampoon, record, or 
to vent his emotions. 


He shifted his gaze downward. Klein looked at the last sentence 
of this page. 


“9th October. They actually called me the Son of the Steam. I like 
that very much.” 


Klein was a little disappointed that the information in the first 
two pages was of little value. 


But he did not turn sullen. He moved the third page to the top. 
This page had content written on both sides of the paper. 


“21st May. The Church of the God of Craftsmanship gave me two 
choices, two beginning Sequence pathways. One of them is the 
Savant. It is a complete Sequence pathway they possess. The 
other is Mystery Pryer, which they obtained from the Moses 
Ascetic Order, but it lacks the higher Sequences.” 


“22nd May. My choice was easy: Savant! The Savant has a 
complete Sequence pathway! Although wielding more 
information on mysticism can aid my return home, the problem 
is that if I am not strong enough, there is a need to acquire 
external help for transmigration. And I do not know if this 
external entity would be good or bad, benevolent or malicious. I 
cannot control it, and thus it could be very dangerous. In that 
case, why not strengthen myself and return by relying on my 
own powers? Thus, the complete Sequence was the most 
important factor in my considerations!” 


“23rd May. I have become a Savant. With the power of the potion, 
I actually recalled all the knowledge I had learned in the past, 
such as physics, chemistry, etc... 


“I have not only recalled the knowledge, but I understand it more 
deeply, as well as its possible applications and implications. 
Haha, this is a ‘job’ specially tailored for a transmigrator like me 
from an alternate realm. I will be able to express my advantage 
to the greatest extent! I have to say that if I were to return in my 
present state to the third year of high school, I would definitely 
become top scholar. If I could further specialize in an area, it 
wouldn’t even be too hard for me to become a scientist.” 


“26th May. Iam enjoying my status as a Savant. Something odd 
worth mentioning. When I address myself as a Savant, doing 
things that are in line with this role, the murmurings that drive 
me crazy become considerably softer. I have also been able to 
control my occasional temper outbursts. I have also recalled the 
matter regarding the diary. 


“Is this the ‘acting’ that the mysterious Mr. Zaratul mentioned? 
This could be key in resolving the side effects posed by potions.” 


As Klein read the diary page, he had a deep realization that there 
was a fundamental difference between how he and Emperor 
Roselle did things. 


For example, regarding the matter of returning home, Klein 
considered grasping in-depth knowledge of mysticism to avoid 
risks and accomplish his goal, while Emperor Roselle preferred 
to rely on himself and face the risk. 


I have to say, I envy people like that sometimes. Perhaps everyone 
yearns for something they do not possess... Of course, I also have 
to consider strengthening myself; both of these are important, 
Klein thought, sighing a little. 


The description provided by Emperor Roselle about acting 
instilled Klein with confidence that the conclusion he made 
about acting yesterday was more or less correct. 


He put the three diary pages down, looked up at Justice and The 
Hanged Man. He smiled and said, “My apologies, I was too 
absorbed in reading them.” 


Audrey calmed the envy in her heart and smiled faintly. 


“I can understand. I hope to one day be able to exchange 
information about the diary’s contents.” 


“That will require a price.” Klein smiled and glanced at Justice, 
then swept his gaze towards the silent Hanged Man. 


Audrey put her palms together and placed them in front of her. 


“Mr. Fool, Mr. Hanged Man, I have three questions to ask. If you 
think that the answers warrant a high price, tell me what you 
want, I will try my best to seek it.” 


“No problem,” Alger answered succinctly. 


Klein nodded and leaned back further, making himself 
comfortable. 


Audrey thought for a few seconds and said, “The first question is, 
what does ‘acting’ really mean? I realize that the remnant 
psyche in the potion has minute effects on me; is that because 
I've been acting as a Spectator all this while?” 


Alger did not speak; instead, he looked at The Fool, as though 
Waiting for him to give an answer. 


Klein rubbed his finger on the edge of the table and said in a 
relaxed tone, “Let me explain this with an analogy. Imagine the 
core powers of your potion as a tightly guarded castle. The 
remnants of the psyche that can cause a lash back resides 
within that castle. Our goal is to get rid of it and become the true 
master of the castle. 


“There are two ways we can do that. The first is to forcefully 
invade the castle. There is no guarantee that this will work, and 
you will most definitely injure yourself unless you can suppress 
it with absolute power. But of course, we are not equipped to do 
that. 


“The second way is to get the owner of the castle to extend an 
invitation. This invitation can allow us to slide through the 
scrutiny of the guards and infiltrate the castle. We can then 
easily finish off the enemies. But the problem lies in the fact that 
this invitation specifies the facial features and characteristics of 
the guest. Thus, we have to disguise ourselves and act as the 
guest, do you understand?” 


Alger immediately asked, as if he had anticipated this reply, 
“Then the aforementioned invitation is the name of the potion’s 
Sequence?” 


“That’s right,” Klein answered with great affirmation. 


Audrey froze for a moment, having the sudden feeling that she 
completely understood what ‘acting’ meant. 


She immediately exited her Spectator state due to her 
excitement. She praised in joy, “What an exceptional method, I 


think—I think it fits your title. Its style is very compatible with 
The Fool... I would never have believed that acting would have 
such an effect. Luckily, I have been acting as a Spectator the past 
few days.” 


She paused for a moment before saying, “I think that this is a 
very valuable answer; my heart is not at ease accepting it for 
nothing. Mr. Fool, what do you need in exchange? Of course, I 
still remember that I owe you a page of Emperor Roselle’s diary.” 


“More pages of Roselle’s diary, or...” Klein paused for a moment. 


He had wanted to get information about the Sequence regarding 
the Seer but felt that such a low-level request would ruin the 
mystical image of The Fool. Thus, he chose to give up on it and 
planned to ask them discreetly some other day. 


I just advanced recently and have yet to completely digest the Seer 
potion... He consoled himself and added on without expression, 
“Anything regarding the Antigonus family, even if ’m already 
aware of them myself.” 


Alger remained silent for a few seconds. He looked at the top of 
the long bronze table for a moment before slowly opening his 
mouth. 


“Mr. Fool... I believe I can pay you back immediately with the 
information you requested just now.” 


Chapter 60: Secon Blasphemy Slate 


“No problem.” Klein tried to maintain his unchanging deep tone. 


He rested his left elbow on the armrest of his chair and 
supported his forehead slightly with his fingers, posing as 
though he was listening calmly. 


Alger deliberated over his words and said, “The Antigonus is an 
ancient family. Their history can be traced back to the Cataclysm 
Epoch before the Fourth Epoch and is related to the second 
Blasphemy Slate.” 


The second Blasphemy Slate? There’s a second Blasphemy Slate? 
How many are there? Klein’s pupils shrank, and he nearly 
changed his posture. 


According to what The Hanged Man and Justice have said 
previously, the Blasphemy Slate contained the profound mysteries 
of the twenty-two paths of the divine! 


There are two of such important items, or even more? 


Twenty-two paths of the divine... Sequences and pathways... Could 
these two nouns mean the same thing? Every complete Sequence 
pathway leads straight to the throne of the divine? 


At that instant, the description of the second Blasphemy Slate 
gave Klein numerous thoughts. He believed that if not for the 
thick grayish-white fog concealing him, his emotional reaction 
would probably have been discovered by Miss Spectator. 


As for the words Cataclysm Epoch, he was no stranger to that 
term as a historian. It was the name of the third epoch. 


After his recent revision, Klein even knew that the third epoch 
was separated into two eras: the Glorious Era and the Cataclysm 
Era. 


“A second Blasphemy Slate?” Audrey plainly revealed her 
ignorance on the matter. 


Before she calmed her emotions, she returned to her Spectator 
state. 


Nice question! Klein secretly cheered for Miss Justice. 


It was a question inconvenient for him to ask as The Fool. 


Alger stole a glance at The Fool and noticed that his posture 
remained the same, nor did he make a sound. Hence, he thought 
and answered, “The first Blasphemy Slate appeared in the Dark 
Epoch, which is the second epoch where we humans struggled to 
survive under the protection of gods. The second Blasphemy Slate 
appeared at the end of the third epoch. It could even be said that 
its appearance symbolized the end of the Cataclysm Epoch. 


“The content of the two Blasphemy Slates is kept secret by the 
seven major churches. I only know bits and pieces of it. I only 
know that they involve the paths of the divine, but I am not sure 
of the differences between them.” 


“Was the Blasphemy Slate that Emperor Roselle saw the first or 
the second?” Audrey asked curiously. 


Upon hearing that, Klein recalled what Alger said about the 
potion names during the first Gathering. He said that the names 
of the Sequence potions were derived from the Blasphemy Slate! 


Similarly, Captain had also mentioned that the formation and 
completion of the potion system was thanks to the birth of the 
Blasphemy Slate... That indirectly confirms that the paths of the 
divine are the Sequence pathway! Klein answered his earlier 
question silently. 


Then Alger simply replied, “The second one.” 


The glint in Audrey’s eyes diminished and she returned to her 
Spectator state. She did not continue asking questions; instead, 
all she did was focus her gaze on The Hanged Man. 


It was obvious that her scrutiny made Alger uncomfortable, but 
he suppressed the emotions within him. He lowered his voice 
and continued, “During the Solomon Dynasty in the Fourth 
Epoch, although the Antigonus family was considered an 
illustrious part of the aristocracy, they didn’t do anything very 
memorable until they supported the establishment of the Tudor 
Empire. They then stood right in the middle of the stage of 
Northern Continent. 


“In that period, Antigonus, Amon, Abraham, Jacob, and others 
were illustrious names of the human kingdom. However, after 
the War of the Four Emperors, the Blood Emperor from the Tudor 
Empire perished. They fell from the top of their pedestal and are 
now hunted by the seven deities. 


“Iam not sure about the actual process, but I do know that the 
Antigonus family was destroyed at the hands of the Church of 
Evernight. Mr. Fool, if you’d like to know more, I am afraid that 
you can only obtain the information from the Church of 
Evernight or from the few ancient secret organizations. You 


know which few I am referring to.” 


I don’t... Klein nodded while feeling bitter inside. 


“Okay.” 


The Secret Order is one. Captain and Old Neil mentioned the Moses 
Ascetic Order. I wonder if the Psychology Alchemists count... 


While he mentally checked off the candidates, Alger provided 
him with the last bits of information. 


“I similarly have no idea which Sequence pathways the 
Antigonus family held. There are only two adjectives that appear 
repetitively in the descriptions of the Antigonus family, and 
those are “strange” and “terrifying.” 


Strange and terrifying... Thinking back to the notebook, the 
original Klein and his classmates, and what happened to Ray 
Bieber’s mother, it really is aptly worded... Klein continuously 
rapped the edge of the long table with the tip of his finger a 
couple of times. 


Then, he slowly began to speak. 


“Very well, Iam satisfied with the payment.” 


The reason he continuously rapped the long table lightly with his 
fingers was to emphasize the action, to make Justice and The 
Hanged Man believe that he had a habit of rapping in order to 
conceal the fact that the same motion was used to activate and 
deactivate his Spirit Vision. 


“It’s my pleasure.” Alger did not say anything else. 


Audrey took a look at The Hanged Man and then The Fool. She 
smiled faintly and said, “Then, I shall ask the second question: 
what is the name of the subsequent potion for Spectator? Where 
can I find the clues?” 


I'd also like to ask so straightforwardly, but different choices lead 
to different difficulties... Klein did not speak but cast his gaze 
towards The Hanged Man. 


Alger remained silent for a few seconds before saying, “Ill 
answer the question for free because I led you on this pathway. 


“The subsequent Sequence for Spectator is Sequence 8 
Telepathist. The ancient name of Sequence 7 is Psyche Analyst 
but is called Psychiatrist now. This is what I found out from a 
member of the Psychology Alchemists. I think they should have 
quite a number of potion formulas for this pathway.” 


Psychology Alchemists... Spirit Medium Daly was_ rather 
approving of their theory, but Captain thought of them as evil and 
crazy... Klein listened while in deep thought. 


“Do you know the whereabouts of that particular Psychology 
Alchemists member?” asked Audrey as her eyes beamed with joy. 


Be it Telepathist or Psychiatrist, both names appealed to her 
aesthetics. 


Alger gave a rare laugh. 


“IT do. He’s immersed in the seas around Sonia Island. I sank him 
with my own hands. 


“If you would like to look for the Psychology Alchemists, I have to 
apologize since I severed the clues.” 


He was not worried that Justice would find his identity through 
his description because he did that on his own, out of the public 
eye. 


“Sank...” Audrey was at a loss how to reply or what expression to 
wear. 


She drew a deep breath and suddenly failed to maintain her 
Spectator state. She asked bashfully, “The third question. If—and 
I'm saying if—a normal animal were to drink a Sequence 9 
potion, what would happen?” 


What kind of a question is that? Klein tapped his glabella 
unnoticeably with his finger that was supporting his forehead. 


Very quickly, he saw the changes in color and noticed that 
Audrey’s emotions had turned frantic, nervous, and a little 
ashamed. 


Could she have done something that stupid? Klein was astounded, 
but didn’t find it strange. 


After the past two Gatherings, he was certain that Miss Justice 
was quite an airhead. 


The Hanged Man, Alger, was obviously dumbfounded as well. He 


took a while to reply. 


“Normal animals do not have the brains of humans. They 
wouldn’t be able to learn Cogitation in a timely manner. 
Therefore, it would most likely lead to immediate death or a 
breakdown into a monster. However, if they survived the initial 
ingestion of the potion, they should become an extraordinary 
creature. If the potion has the ability to enhance their 
intelligence, they can even become smarter.” 


“Alright.” Audrey breathed out a silent sigh and nodded while 
saying with a relaxed tone. “I have no other questions.” 


Alger considered for a moment and did not mention matters 
regarding the Aurora Order or the Listener. Similarly, he shook 
his head and said, “Nor do I.” 


“I have something.” Klein didn’t change his posture but said with 
a smile, “It will require your cooperation.” 


He had yet to turn off his Spirit Vision, and he immediately saw 
that The Hanged Man was showing signs of nervousness, while 
Miss Justice was too simple-minded to show fear or carefulness. 


Before they could reply, Klein comforted them, “Don’t worry. It’s 
trivial. If it succeeds, it will be beneficial to you, so I wouldn’t be 
paying extra remuneration.” 


“Go ahead.” Audrey instinctively entered the Spectator state, but 
she couldn’t see through the thick gray fog engulfing The Fool. 


“As you will,” Alger replied, steadying himself. 


Klein moved his fingers and smiled when he said, “Previously, I 
said that we would do some experiments to enable you to ask for 
a leave of absence. That way, you do not have to worry if you 
have to be somewhere inappropriate on a Monday afternoon.” 


“That’s our wish.” Audrey loosened her tightly knitted eyebrows. 


Alger thought and said, “What do you need us to do?” 


“you could try a piece of ritualistic magic during your free time. 
It need not be too formal. As long as you are in an environment 
that won't be disturbed... Put four brand new candles on an altar, 
placed on four corners respectively. It’s best if they are candles 
with a sandalwood scent. Put a loaf of white bread near the 
candle on the top left corner, a bowl of Feynapotter noodles near 
the candle on the top right corner, paella by the candle on the 
bottom left corner, and a Desi pie by the candle on the bottom 
right corner... Use a silver knife to make a sealed spiritual 
environment...” 


Klein described his modified version of the luck enhancement 
ritual and taught Miss Justice how to create a spiritual 
environment for free. 


To be frank, as the ritual was targeted at himself, Klein believed 
that the former part, which was intended to attract the interest 
of an entity, could be omitted completely. However, he still 
worked hard to make the procedure seem important. Of course, 
it didn’t comply with what Old Neil taught about gods being 
second and oneself being third. 


“..Mix moon flowers, gold mint, slumber flowers, fingered 
citron, and rock-rose together then distill it. Extract it for its 
essential oil, then pour a drop onto each candle...” 


Audrey listened with piqued interest as she recorded all that he 
said. When he was done, she asked, “What about the 
incantation? Mr. Fool, what’s the corresponding incantation?” 


Alger stopped writing with the fountain pen in his hand as well. 
He turned his head to look at The Fool. 


Klein, who was immersed in the gray fog, tapped the edge of the 
long table with his finger lightly and said calmly and 
monotonously in Hermes, “The Fool that doesn’t belong to this 
era, you are the mysterious ruler above the gray fog; you are the 
King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck...” 


Chapter 61: Strange Symbol 


“The Fool that doesn’t belong to this era... the mysterious ruler 
above the gray fog... King of Yellow and Black who wields good 
luck...” Audrey Hall recited the three descriptions to herself 
silently. She suddenly felt a tumultuous wave of emotion go 
through her, preventing her from maintaining her Spectator 
state. 


As an enthusiast of mysticism, she had learned Hermes that was 
used in rituals and had tested out the rituals that fellow noble 
enthusiasts mentioned in private gatherings before she was 
pulled into the gray fog or made formal contact with Beyonder 
powers. 


None of those rituals had any effects, but they had given Audrey 
a basic understanding of the structure of incantations. 


Thus, she knew clearly what these three incantations described 
and signified. 


The descriptions usually described one of the seven gods that 
looked over this world! 


Thus, The Fool’s incantation was claiming status equal to the 
Lady of Crimson, Mother of Concealment, and the Empress of 
Misfortune and Horror! 


Is Mr. Fool the unknown, mysterious, powerful, godlike entity that 
Glaint spoke of? The source of danger that we must avoid in 
rituals? Audrey quickly recalled the comments made during the 
strange rituals which she and her friends did not dare attempt 
back then. She was momentarily at a loss for words. 


Alger Wilson, who knew and understood much more than 
Audrey, shivered from the bottom of his heart. 


If the ritualistic magic which Mr. Fool designed truly points to 
him to allow him to accept our requests, w-we would have to be 
addressing him with Him. He is to be addressed in the third 
person, which is reserved for gods... 


How lucky, how smart I was to act in concert with him and not do 
anything foolish. Even when I was testing him, I did not step 
beyond the boundaries of normalcy... 


Could he perhaps be an ancient, mysterious, horrifying existence, 
only that he does not appear before us in his true form and 
name... The Primordial Demoness, the Hidden Sage, or the true 
Creator which many musterious churches believe in? 


Alger understood that The Fool he was looking at now might not 
be his true form. He might not even have a gender or be a 
humanoid creature. 


Klein propped his forehead up with one hand and tapped on the 
table with the other hand. He acutely noticed the changes 
happening to The Hanged Man and Justice. 


But he acted as though nothing happened, as if everything was 
within his expectations. He continued without any care. 


“I pray for your help. 


“I pray for your loving grace. 


“I pray for you to give me a good dream. 


“Moon flower, an herb that belongs to the red moon, please 
bestow your powers to my incantation! 


“Fingered citron, an herb that belongs to the sun, please bestow 
your powers to my incantation.” 


He finished describing the incantations that belonged to another 
type of ritual. After he was done, he smiled. 


“Lady, sir, have you memorized it?” 


“Ah...” Audrey exhaled. She quickly covered her mouth and 
recalled seriously. 


With her improved memory as a Spectator, she quickly processed 
the information and repeated the incantations as a form of 
confirmation. 


Alger acted more normally. His pen did not stop for a moment, 
no matter what he was thinking about. 


After Klein confirmed that Audrey was correct, he smiled and 
said, “If this test is successful, then we shall modify the ritual 
next time to achieve what we want to do.” 


“I hope that you will have the time to complete the ritual no later 
than Wednesday.” 


He intended to come in here again on Thursday night to 
ascertain if the ritualistic magic was successful. 


As for why he did not allow The Hanged Man and Justice to 
directly request a leave of absence, Klein was worried that he 
would be unable to discern if the results were from them asking 
for leave or merely the outcome of an attempt of the ritualistic 
magic. Was he to pull them into the Gathering if that happened? 


“By your will.” Audrey and Alger replied respectfully, collecting 
themselves. 


“According to The Hanged Man’s suggestion last week, we shall 
have a time for casual conversation after all official issues have 
been discussed. Who shall begin?” Klein gave a hand gesture 
signaling for someone to start. 


Audrey sighed and said, “Mr. Fool, the suggestion you made 
regarding the exam selection and the separation between civil 
and political matters has received the approval of many 
members of parliament. Perhaps it could become a reality. Of 
course, with the efficiency of this government, the bill will only 
appear half a year from now at the earliest.” 


She was not worried that The Hanged Man would track her 
down using this piece of information. She had intentionally and 
intermittently dropped hints and guided those proud wives to 
think that they had conceived the idea. Those ladies had rushed 
to tell their husbands, their fathers, and their brothers. 


At that moment Audrey felt as though she was watching a flock 
of golden peacocks showcasing their tail feathers. 


She believed that those women would drill it in themselves that 
they came up with the idea to claim the glory for themselves. 


They would soon forget about what Audrey’s role in the matter 
was, fighting among themselves to see who thought of the 
suggestion first. 


Using this remarkable way to change the system of a kingdom 
gave Audrey a weird sense of satisfaction, as if she had found a 
way for a Spectator to influence the plot of a play. 


“Let’s hope so,” Alger replied sarcastically. 


He paused for a few seconds, then glanced at The Fool. He 
deliberated before saying, “In recent decades, the amount of 
activities of the various secret organizations has seen an upward 
trend. In fact, there are even new secret organizations appearing, 
some of them having reached scale with a good number of 
Beyonders.” 


Are you trying to ask me for the reason? I have not even gained 
access to information about illegal organizations... Klein merely 
smiled without commenting on The Hanged Man’s news. He 
changed the subject and said vaguely, “An ancient power is about 
to wake from its slumber.” 


For example, the power represented by the Antigonus family 
diary... 


“Is that so...” Alger muttered softly to himself, as though he 
recalled something. 


Klein swept his gaze toward The Hanged Man, then past Justice 
and said with a smile, “If there is nothing else to share, then let’s 
end today’s gathering here.” 


“By your will.” Audrey and Alger stood up together. 


Klein moved his finger and severed his connection with the dark 
red stars. He watched as the two figures vanished from the 
magnificent palace. 


He stood up and turned toward his own chair which was also 
the back of the Seat of Honor at the bronze table. He looked at its 
symbol. 


Radiant stars formed a strange symbol. It was not a symbol that 
fit anything in Klein’s present understanding of mysticism. 


He observed it closely before identifying the “Pupil-less Eye,” a 
symbol representing concealment. He also saw Contorted Lines 
that represented change. Each of the symbols were missing a 
portion and were overlapped with each other, creating a new 
symbol. 


An incomplete concealment and an incomplete change... What do 
we get when we add them together? Klein creased his brows and 
muttered to himself, unable to come up with an answer. 


He retracted his gaze and walked along the ancient, magnificent 
palace. His eyes scanned every corner of the palace. 


“Back when I casually imagined this place, it was merely a rough 
concept; I did not describe the shape of the palace, table, or 
chairs... Where does this design come from? The best choice? 
The first prototype? Or are they a reflection of reality?” Klein 
suddenly had a question he neglected previously as he looked at 
the palace. 


Sigh, I have to say that even though Iam a keyboard warrior, Iam 
lacking experience in many areas. I am also not observant 
enough, to the point of only realizing this question now... With 
such a self-reflection, Klein made a serious effort to examine 
every corner of the palace, but did not find any other living 
things or anything strange. 


Klein did not dare to venture deeper, which seemed to be an 
illusory land without boundaries. He was afraid that he would 
end up completely lost. 


Wow, this place is indeed filled with mysteries... Who knows if 
there will be any changes to this area when I become more 
powerful... Klein sighed. He unleashed his spirituality and 
enveloped himself within, causing him to feel the rapid rush of 
plummeting. 


Everything flew past quickly. All kinds of illusions shattered. He 
tore through the grayish-white fog and saw reality. He saw the 
table, curtains, and clothes rack in his room. 


Backlund, Empress Borough. 


Audrey saw the oil painting that hung on the wall. She felt the 
softness the down-feathered pillow under her head provided. 


She did not stand up immediately; instead, she seriously recalled 
what had happened during the gathering, as if she was 
watching a play she had already watched. 


“Mr. Fool had a certain confidence in his tone when he told us to 


try the ritual and gave us the descriptions of the mysterious 
ruler, the King of Yellow and Black... Confidence...” Audrey 
exhaled as she was analyzing this silently, her body shuddering 
slightly. 


Forget it, since I cannot fight it, there’s no need to think too much 
about it... Mr. Fool has always appeared friendly; he should be an 
entity that has a respect for order... Audrey’s mood improved 
rapidly. She thought about her acting, and the weakening 
backlash of the potion. 


She hummed a merry tune and got off her bed. She walked 
toward the door and adjusted her state of mind, taking on her 
state as a Spectator. 


As she opened the door of the room, she saw a maid walking 
past. She saw the old calluses on her hands, the marks on her 
face, and other similar details. She could deduce many things 
from these observations. 


At this point, Audrey had a strange feeling. She quickly turned to 
look at the shaded corner of the balcony. 


She saw her golden retriever Susie sitting there, silently 
observing her, just like how she observed the maid. 


My Goddess... Audrey’s lips twitched as she sighed. She wanted 
so much to hide her face. 


On the Sonia Sea, in the heavily protected captain’s quarters. 


Alger woke up and noticed that nothing had changed around 
him. It was as if nothing had happened. 


He sighed and thought to himself, An ancient existence? 


Klein, who had exited the ritual, pulled open the curtains. He 
took out his notebook and began writing once again. 


He recalled the contents of Emperor Roselle’s diary, hoping to 
reinforce the memory through writing and prevent himself from 
forgetting it in the future. 


Klein reread the notes several times after he finished writing. 
Finally, he tore the notes up and incinerated them. 


I shouldn’t forget the most salient points if I do this once a week. 
But with time and the increasing complexity of my missions... 
How unfortunate, I do not have better ideas for the time being. I 
have not learned any cryptography... Klein collected himself and 
stretched his neck. He planned on heading to the Divination 
Club. 


A Seer was defined differently by different people. No one could 
say that another person’s methods were wrong. So, Klein, who 
did not know which kind of Seer fit the requirements of the 
potion, could only correct it as he experimented to ascertain 
which one was the best fit! 


Chapter 62: The Seer’s Suqyestion 


Before Klein left home, he took the time to meticulously clean up 
his suit and top hat with a small brush and a handkerchief. 
Then, he washed his white shirt, changing into a similar linen 
shirt along with the only decent cheap coat he had. He then 
briskly walked out onto the street. 


First, Melissa’s dress. Then, Benson’s suit. Only then can I consider 
a second suit for myself. Money is never enough... Besides, we need 
to save money to buy porcelain tableware to receive our guests... 
Plus, I have to save money to buy a variety of materials related to 
mysticism... Klein sat on the public carriage and took note of the 
financial status at home. The more he did the math, the more he 
shook his head. 


He reckoned he needed at least a year to let himself, his brother, 
and his sister live as a middle-class family. 


Of course, that was without taking promotions and pay rises into 
consideration. 


The public carriage drove past the streets and stopped opposite to 
the Divination Club on Howes Street. 


Klein pressed down on his black top hat and hopped off the 
carriage. He walked along the familiar street and entered the 
club located on the second floor. He then saw the beautiful 
brunette, Angelica. 


There was a hint of swelled redness to her eyes, but she looked 
extremely relaxed. 


Klein raised his hand to tap his glabella lightly and carefully 
examined her. He found out that the grayness deep in Angelica’s 
emotional colors had greatly dispersed. It had been replaced with 
sunlight-like whiteness. 


After taking it in, Klein walked over, took off his hat, and smiled. 


“Madam Angelica, it’s a lovely day today, isn’t it?” 


Angelica lifted her head and was briefly shocked. She then 
beamed and said, “You are just like Mr. Vincent’s cat. You don’t 
make any sounds while walking, do you? You managed to tell? 
Hehe, I forgot that you are a fortune-teller skilled in face- 
reading...” 


She paused, then she gently bit her lip before bowing. 


“Thank you. Thank you for your suggestion yesterday. I feel 
much better. I haven’t been this relaxed, happy, and contented in 
a year.” 


Upon hearing her show her sincere gratitude, Klein was infected 
with the joy and happiness she had. The corner of his lips lifted, 
and he said, “It’s my pleasure.” 


As he spoke, he could feel his spirituality relax and turn livelier. 


Is this what the Seer potion wants? A Seer that can really help the 
inquirer? Klein pinched his glabella as though he was thinking 
before secretly tapping twice. 


It had to be said that he found the action of activating and 


deactivating his Spirit Vision in practice insufficiently 
inconspicuous. However, the problem was that he hadn't 
thought of a better solution yet. As he had just become a Seer 
recently, his spiritually had yet to reach its limit, and the same 
was applied to his mastery. Hence, there didn’t seem to be many 
suitable locations for an activation switch for his Spiritual 
Vision. The glabella was the best option by far. 


When I become a true Seer after fully digesting the potion, I should 
be able to design a more inconspicuous activation motion... Klein 
nodded unnoticeably and walked towards the half-opened 
meeting room. 


“Coffee or tea?” Angelica asked hurriedly. 


“Desi coffee.” Klein answered. He planned on trying out all the 
drinks the Divination Club had to offer. 


Then, he saw that there were six or seven members present, but 
not Hanass Vincent who was almost always was. 


“Mr. Vincent isn’t here?” Klein stopped in his tracks and asked a 
passing question. 


Angelica was taken aback as she said, “Mr. Vincent doesn’t come 
every day. He accepted an invitation to give a lecture for a 
divination organization at Enmat Harbor. Are you looking for 
him?” 


“Not at all. I was just curious. After all, I've seen him every time 
I've come here.” Klein shook his head with a smile. 


Meanwhile, he realized that there was a familiar face among the 


seven members present. 


Glacis, who had divined for him before, was present! 


Glacis was reading some information on the table with his 
monocle when he suddenly sensed someone looking at him. He 
lifted his head and cast his gaze. 


Obvious joy suffused his face as he propped himself up with both 
hands and stood up. He dashed towards Klein and stopped before 
him. 


“Good afternoon, Mr. Moretti. I have been wondering if you 
would come today. 


“I heard from Angelica that you are not a doctor, but a fortune- 
teller who is good at face-reading?” 


Klein smiled. 


“That’s not the only thing I'm good at. Mr. Glacis. You no longer 
seem plagued by your ailment?” 


He pinched his forehead and tapped his glabella twice. He 
noticed that Glacis’s health colors had returned to normal. 


“yes, I was very regretful for not taking your suggestion back 
then. Luckily, there is a very amazing apothecary near my place. 
He gave my wife a magical medicine which brought me away 
from death,” Glacis said emotionally. 


As a quasi-member of the Nighthawks, Klein asked out of 
occupational interest, “Very amazing apothecary? Very magical 
medicine?” 


Magical? How magical? Is it within the range of Beyonders? 


“He said that it was a kind of folk medicine from Lenburg. In 
short, it helped with treating my illness a lot,” Glacis answered, 
without noticing anything abnormal about the question. 


Folk medicine apothecary? Klein tapped his glabella as though he 
was thinking. 


“What’s his name? Where does he stay? As you know, even a 
fortune-teller can’t guarantee that they would remain in the 
pink of health all the time. Perhaps, I will need to go to purchase 
some medication from him in the future.” 


Klein learned from his teacher and classmates that the current 
health system in the world was in a nascent state. There was 
almost no cure to many diseases, so the magical medications 
and miraculous apothecaries still controlled the market. There 
was no harm in knowing more, since it could one day serve 
useful. 


Glacis answered honestly, “His name is Lawson Darkwade. He 
has a tiny store at 18 Vlad Street in East Borough, named 
Lawson’s Folk Herb Store.” 


“Thank you.” Klein remembered it and spoke sincerely. 


Glacis turned around and invited him to sit beside him. At that 
moment, Angelica came over to serve the coffee she brewed. 


Compared to Southville coffee, Desi coffee is more fragrant, but has 
quite an inferior taste... Klein took a sip and savored it for a 
moment. 


Glacis hurriedly deliberated his words when he saw Klein put 
down his white porcelain cup. 


“Mr. Moretti, can I request a divination from you? I will pay 
according to a price you set.” 


“Eight pence is sufficient. I will not raise the price out of the 
blue.” Klein was hoping that someone would request his 
divination services. “Do you need a divination room?” 


“Alright. Topaz.” Glacis led the way with much more familiarity. 


After entering the divination room and locking the door, Klein 
sat behind the long table. He asked in a serious voice, “Mr. Glacis, 
what would you like the divination to be about?” 


“I have an investment opportunity, but the amount of money it 
involves is huge. If it fails, my family and I will take a heavy hit. 
I wish to know if it will be a successful investment.” Glacis 
volunteered the information. “I have divined using tarot cards 
previously. Hmm, a divination after purifying my soul. The 
result was pretty good. Yes, I did the interpretation myself, but I 
did not violate the principles of those symbols.” 


Klein thought and asked curiously, “It'd be great if you could 
describe the entire situation once more and give me your 
information again. It'd be best if you have the other party’s 
information, too. We will do an astrolabe divination.” 


“Alright.” Glacis organized his words and said, “When Mister 
Lanevus examined the Hornacis mountain range, he discovered 
a gigantic mine rich in high-quality iron ore. He poured in all his 
savings to buy that land and hired a professional company to 
survey it. The result was a heartening one.” 


“He lacks funds needed for subsequent developments, so he 
formed a steelworks company and intends to apply for a loan 
from the bank using the project. At the same time, he will also 
issue a corresponding number of shares to raise its initial 
capital. The plan is still in its preparatory stage and promises fat 
returns.” 


Klein, who had been reading the newspaper recently and also 
happened to be a “history expert,” knew that there were shares 
in this world. He also knew that the concept of shares was 
derived from Emperor Roselle. Yeah, him again. 


During the colonization of the Southern Continent, he had set up 
the West Balam company and solved the nation’s fiduciary 
matters successfully by raising funds from the public through 
the issue of shares. As such, he had the first-movers advantage 
from colonization. 


Because the returns were great, this development continued on. 
For example, there were railway shares, mining shares, steam 
development shares, and so on and so forth. There were some 
that succeeded and there were some that failed. Hence, it 
catalyzed the formation of organizations like the Backlund Stock 
Exchange. 


Besides that, the Emperor Roselle had created national bonds, 
unit trusts, and other financial products. The former had become 
the most stable form investment, with a return of four to six 
percent interest. 


Klein remembered that Benson had once said that if he could 
inherit three thousand pounds, there was no need to work hard 
any further. The stable annual interest of about five percent 
would result in an annual fixed income return of 150 pounds, 
roughly equivalent to Klein’s annual income at present. 


This is known as rentier capitalism... Klein sighed and asked 
carefully, “Are you sure there’s nothing wrong about this? Is 
Lanevus trustworthy?” 


“Tve seen his property papers and the inspection report. There is 
the Sivellaus county government’s stamp and an endorsement of 
a professional company. Plus, inside Mr. Lanevus’s office is a 
group photo of him with Sir Deweyville and the Mayor.” Glacis 
nodded in reply. 


Group photo? That doesn’t mean anything... Klein, who was born 
in an era of information explosion, had seen too many similar 
incidents. He didn’t buy the story because of that. 


However, it didn’t matter if he believed it or not. He could only 
pick up a pen and draw a corresponding astrolabe according to 
the crucial time and information that Glacis had provided him 
with. 


After a long while, Klein pointed to the astrolabe and said, “You 
should be able to tell that this will be a very unsuccessful 
endeavor. Below the flourishing surface is a cliff, a chasm. My 
divination suggestions going around it, to avoid it.” 


“.” Glacis fell into silence, his mouth turning agape a few times 
before he closed it. 


A few minutes later, he said with a rueful smile, “I'll consider it 
carefully when I’m back.” 


Upon hearing this answer, Klein could only shake his head with 
a Silent sigh. He realized the helplessness of a Seer. 


A Seer could only give suggestions and not make the decision for 
others. 


Just as the two left the Topaz room, Angelica walked over and 
said, “Mr. Moretti, someone wishes for your divination.” 


When she said that, she added with a whisper, “He did not ask 
for my recommendations. Nor did he view the album.” 


Has my reputation spread? Klein turned towards the reception 
hall in puzzlement. 


Chapter 62: Dream interpretation 


Klein proceeded a few steps forward and saw the client. He was 
dressed in a formal black suit and a halved top hat. He held a 
gold-inlaid wooden cane and his short blond hair flared from 
the sides. His nose was aquiline like a hawk’s beak. 


Anna’s fiancé... The Joyce Meyer that went through a terrifying 
ordeal. Klein, who had seen him in his dream divination, 
immediately greeted with a smile, “Good afternoon, Mr. Meyer.” 


“Good afternoon, Mr. Moretti.” Joyce took off his hat and bowed 
in greeting. “Thank you for the advice you gave Anna. She cannot 
stop praising how miraculous you are.” 


Klein chortled and said, “I did not change a thing. You should be 
thanking yourself. Without your determination and your hope 
for a better tomorrow, you wouldn’t have been able to overcome 
such an ordeal.” 


After the exchange of pleasantries, Klein could not help but 
lampoon inwardly. 


Does this count as mutual professional bootlicking? 


“In all honesty, I still find my coming back alive a dream. I still 
cannot believe that I survived wave after wave of terrifying 
ordeals.” Joyce shook his head wistfully. 


Without waiting for Klein’s reply, he asked curiously, “You knew 
who I was the moment you saw me. Was that because of my 
unique nose, or because you divined that I would visit you?” 


“I had your detailed information. That is enough for a seer,” 
Klein answered vaguely, behaving like how a charlatan would. 


Joyce was indeed stunned. More than ten seconds later, he 
squeezed a smile. 


“Mr. Moretti, I wish to request a divination from you.” 


The moment he finished his sentence, he suddenly realized 
something. 


Mr. Klein Moretti had addressed himself as a seer, not a fortune- 
teller. A seer! 


“Alright, let us head to Topaz.” Klein gestured. 


At that moment, he felt as though he should have worn a long 
black robe. He tried to keep his words to a minimum to 
accentuate the mystique of a seer. 


Joyce Meyer locked the door behind him after entering the 
divination room. While he observed his surroundings, Klein 
seized the opportunity to tap his glabella twice and activated his 
Spirit Vision. 


Joyce sat down and set his cane down beside him. He pulled on 
his black bow tie and said hoarsely, “Mr. Moretti, I wish for you 
to interpret my dream.” 


“Dream interpretation?” Klein acted as though it was within his 
expectations, but was merely asking for confirmation. 


He saw that the colors representing Joyce’s health were dull, but 
none of them signified an impending illness. The colors 
symbolizing his emotions were predominantly blue, and its 
darkness showed that he was obviously high strung. 


Joyce nodded seriously. 


“I have had the same horrific dream every night ever since the 
Alfalfa arrived at Enmat Harbor. I know that this could be 
associated with the trauma of the ordeal and that I should go see 
a psychiatrist, but I suspect that this is no ordinary dream. A 
normal dream would definitely have some details that are 
different even if they recur every night, but this dream is, at the 
very least, constant in the parts which I can recall.” 


“To a seer, these kinds of dreams are seen as revelations given by 
the divine,” Klein said, half consoling and half explaining. “Can 
you describe the dream to me?” 


Joyce clenched his fists and held it to his mouth. He thought 
deep for a moment before saying, “I dreamed that I was falling 
from the Alfalfa into the ocean. The ocean was dark red, as if it 
was filled with rotting blood. 


“As I fell, I was grabbed by a person on the boat. I could not 
identify him, but I know that he was very strong. 


“And I was also holding onto a person in an attempt to save him 
from falling into the sea. I know that person. He was a passenger 
of the Alfalfa, Younis Kim. 


“Because of his weight and his struggling, I could not bear the 
weight and could only release my hands and watch him get 
devoured by the sea of blood. 


“At that moment, the person above me also released his hand. I 
flailed my arms, hoping to grab onto something, but there was 
nothing. I could only plummet rapidly. 


“Then I wake up in horror, sweat covering my back and 
forehead.” 


Klein held his forehead and gently rapped it as though he was 
thinking. He then organized his words and said, “Mr. Meyer, 
nightmares, similar nightmares, and repeated nightmares, 
these are all psychological problems and have a corresponding 
source. The same nightmare recurring time and time again isa 
reminder from your spirituality. It is also a revelation given to 
you by the divine.” 


Upon seeing Joyce appearing confused, he elaborated, “Do not 
have any doubt, an ordinary person’s spirituality is also capable 
of giving reminders. 


“I do not know what exactly happened on the Alfalfa, but I can 
see that it was a tragedy of blood and steel. It has left a deep 
trauma in you.” 


Seeing Joyce nod slightly, Klein continued, “You must have been 
very horrified, very fearful on the ship. It is easy for a person to 
lose their observational skills when overwhelmed by such 
intense emotions; thus missing signs that they should not have 
been missed. This does not mean that you have not seen those 
signs, but you have disregarded them, you understand? 
Disregarded. 


“In your subconscious, in your spirituality, the details that you 
have missed are present all the same. If the thing that the detail 
is pointing toward is important enough, then your spirituality 
will remind you in the form of a dream.” 


Previously, I had similar case of disregarding a feeling, only to 
later realize that the diary was with Ray Bieber... But I was more 
sensitive and had stronger spirituality. I was also more 
knowledgeable about mysticism and thus could make a deduction 
more quickly... Klein paused for a few seconds and looked into 
Joyce Meyer's eyes. 


“Did Mr. Younis Kim, who you let fall into the sea of blood, 
requested you of something on the boat, but was ultimately 
unable to escape his fate?” 


Joyce fidgeted his body unnaturally. He opened his mouth 
several times before answering, “Yes, but I do not pity him. 
Perhaps a few days or a week from now, you will see in the 
newspapers how cruel and evil he was. He raped and murdered 
at least three ladies and tossed a baby into the Berserk Sea. He 
also led a bunch of savages who had lost their rationality and 
brutally massacred the passengers and crew of the boat. 


“He was scheming, strong, and evil. I did not dare, nor could I 
stop him. I would only have forfeited my life.” 


“Iam not doubting what you did,” Klein said, making clear his 
stand. Then he explained, “But your dream is telling me that you 
are feeling regret and sorry. You believe that you should not have 
released your hand back then. Since you believe that killing him 
was an act of justice, then why are you feeling regret and sorry 
for it, so much so that you have recurring dreams about you 
releasing your hand?” 


“I don’t know either...” Joyce shook his head, confused. 


Klein crossed his hands and placed it under his chin. He 
attempted to analyze the situation. 


“Incorporating what I just described, it seems you have missed 
certain details. For instance, anything that Younis Kim 
mentioned, his contents of his plea, the way he presented 
himself, et cetera. I cannot recall the incident for you, so please 
think about it carefully.” 


“There’s nothing... All he could say back then was ‘spare me, I 


surrender’...” Joyce muttered in puzzlement. 


Klein did not know exactly what happened, so he could only 
guide him based on what he understood from the dream. 


“Perhaps you felt that Younis Kim was more useful alive, that he 
could prove something or to explain something?” 


Joyce knitted his brows. It was a while before he said, “Perhaps... 
I still find the conflict that arose on the Alfalfa happened too 
suddenly and turned intense too quickly. It was as if the passive 
evil in everyone’s heart just erupted uncontrollably... It was too 
abnormal, very abnormal... Perhaps—perhaps I wished to 
interrogate Younis Kim why he acted as though he was 
possessed by the devil in the first place...” 


Klein suddenly had a stroke of inspiration after hearing Joyce’s 
dreamy description. He spoke mysteriously with a tone unique to 
charlatan’s. 


“No, that’s not the only reason.” 


“What?” Joyce seemed shocked. 


Klein crossed his hands and held his chin up. He stared straight 
into Joyce’s eyes and said with a slow, yet forceful tone, “Not 


only did you find the matter abnormal, but you also saw some 
things that you disregarded. And putting together these things 
that you disregarded results in a terrifying conclusion. 


“your spirituality is telling you that there is someone who should 
be under the highest suspicion. And that person is the one who 
had grabbed you but ultimately released his hand in the dream. 
You do not suspect him subconsciously, and thus you are unable 
identify him. He is your partner. He once had control over your 
fate, or maybe, even saved you before!” 


Joyce leaned back suddenly, slamming into the back of the chair 
with a dull thud. 


His forehead slowly became laced with sweat, his eyes filled 
with confusion. 


“T... I see it...” 


Joyce suddenly stood up noisily, causing his chair to wobble and 
nearly fall. 


“Mr. Tris...” He used all the energy in him to utter the name. 


He was a friendly and bashful little boy with a round face. He was 
the hero that saved the survivors... 


Klein did not interrupt Joyce’s thoughts. He leaned back slightly 
and waited. 


Joyce’s expression changed several times, finally returning to 
normal, a normal that had a little paleness. 


He revealed a rueful smile. 


“I understand now. Thank you for interpreting my dream. 
Perhaps it is time for me to make a trip to the police station.” 


He took out his leather wallet and fished out a one-soli note. 


“I do not think that money can fully represent your worth, and I 
can only give you the price you asked for. This is for you.” Joyce 
pushed the note toward Klein. 


I wouldn’t have minded if you gave me ten pounds... One soli, you 
sure are like your fiancée... Klein kept up his mysterious vibe as a 
charlatan and said nothing, smiling as he pressed on the note. 


Joyce took a deep breath, wore his hat, and turned to walk 
toward the door. 


As he was unlocking the door, he suddenly turned back and said 
with sincerity, “Thank you, Master Moretti.” 


Master? Klein laughed to himself. He watched as Joyce left the 
divination room and said silently to himself, Whatever happened 
on the Alfalfa seems extraordinary... If only the Captain was here. 
He would be able understand everything that happened in Joyce 
Meyer’s dreams... 


Tuesday at dawn. Backlund, Empress Borough. 


Audrey, who woke up earlier, beckoned her golden retriever Susie 
over. She said with a serious tone, “Susie, you are also a 
Beyonder now. We are the same kind, ew—no, what I mean is 
that we have to help each other. Guard the door later and don’t 
let anyone disturb me. I have to conduct a ritual.” 


Susie looked at her mistress and shook her tail in exasperation. 


Chapter 64: Instigator 


After instructing her golden retriever, Susie, Audrey paced 
around, seemingly worried. She too was uncertain if the 
ritualistic magic would result in anything odd. 


“Let’s do this...” Her eyes turned calm as she used her state as a 
bystander to view the imagined process. Soon, she came to a 
new arrangement. 


Audrey unlocked the door to her bedroom and said to Susie, 
“Susie, sit here. If Annie and the rest try to barge their way in, 
immediately go to the bathroom to inform me.” 


In order to prevent any accidents, her personal maidservant had 
the key to unlock her door. 


Susie looked at her enigmatically and wagged her tail thrice. 


“Very good. I will let you choose anything you want for lunch 
today!” Audrey pumped her fist gently. 


After exhorting Susie, she entered the bathroom. The square 
bathtub was three to four meters on each side. There was clear 
water rippling gently in it with steam emitting from it. It was 
quite a dreamy sight. 


Audrey tidied up a rectangular table with many bottles placed on 
it. Then, she went back out and moved candles, sacrificial items, 
and a white robe over. 


Immediately after that, she closed the bathroom door. 


With everything done, Audrey heaved a sigh of relief and picked 
up a translucent light-blue bottle beside the four candles. 


The cylindrical bottle shimmered dreamily under the light. In it 
was the essence oils she had distilled from a mixture yesterday. 
As an enthusiast of mysticism, she had no lack of research 
regarding such items. She had many different kinds of extracts, 
flower essence, perfume, essential oils, and incense that she 
brewed herself at home. As such, she had already finished the 
initial preparations according to The Fool’s instructions. 


“Moon flowers, gold mint, slumber flowers, fingered citron, and 
rock-rose... What an odd concoction...” Audrey mumbled softly. 
“Oh, one has to cleanse one’s body and calm their mind before 
engaging in ritualistic magic. This is a form of reverence to the 
divine—uh, to the target.” 


As she went through the entire process in her head, she placed 
the ritual’s essential oil beside her bathtub. She reached out and 
began disrobing what she wore at home. 


Pieces of her silk clothing fell into the laundry basket one after 
another. Audrey coiled up her hair into a bun and tested the 
water’s temperature with her hand. Then, she carefully stepped 
into the bathtub, allowing her body to slowly sink into the 
water’s warm embrace. 


“Phew...” She exhaled comfortably, finding herself warm all over. 
She felt abnormally relaxed. 


I don’t even want to move a single finger... Audrey forcefully 
pumped herself out as she grabbed the translucent light-blue 
bottle beside her and dripped a few drops into the water. 


A waft of fragrance dispersed, filling the silence with a 
refreshing smell. Audrey breathed in a few times and nodded in 
satisfaction. 


“Not bad. It smells really good. 


“How relaxing. How comfortable... 


“T don’t want to move at all. All I wish is to lie here in silence... 


“Silence, in silence... si... lence...” 


After losing her sense of time, Audrey suddenly heard barking. 


She opened her eyes in shock, looking to her sides in a daze. She 
had no idea when Susie had opened the door and entered. She 
was squatting outside the bathtub, looking at her with an 
exasperated look. 


As she rubbed the corners of her eyes, Audrey felt that the water 
had cooled down quite significantly. 


I-I fell asleep? She subconsciously asked herself. 


Susie looked at her without barking or wagging her tail. 


“Haha, the effects of that bottle of ritual essential oil sure is 
great. Yeah, really great!” Audrey chuckled dryly as she explained 
with a cheerful tone. 


She stood up, retrieved a towel, and as she wrapped and wiped 
her body, said to the golden retriever beside her, “Susie, continue 
keeping watch. Do not let Annie and the rest enter!” 


Only when the golden retriever left did she secretly stick out her 
tongue. She threw her towel aside and wore a clean white robe. 


After closing the door to the bathroom, Audrey recalled the ritual 
she had memorized. 


She picked up four candles and placed them on the four corners 
of the table. 


A loaf of white bread at the top left corner, a bowl of Feynapotter 
noodles at the top right corner. Smells great, but it’s a little cold... 
No! It’s not time to think of this! Paella at the bottom left corner 
and Desi pie at the bottom right... Audrey set up the altar 
according to The Fool’s descriptions seriously, shaking her head 
twice during the process. 


After she was done with the preparation, she left her four 
candles lit. She picked up a silver knife and stabbed it into a pile 
of coarse salt. 


After narrating the sacred incantation in Hermes, Audrey raised 
the knife with beautiful patterns and placed it into a cup filled 
with clear water. 


After focusing her mind, she pulled out the silver ‘sacred blade,’ 
cogitating her spirituality to spew out and spread from her 
blade. 


Invisible energy spewed out as Audrey held the knife and circled 


the altar once. When she felt that a spirituality wall was fully 
erected around her, she expelled all the uncleanliness and 
distractions outside. 


Maintaining her Spectator state, she prevented her excitement 
and joy from affecting the ritual. 


She put down the silver knife and picked up the tiny light-blue 
crystalline bottle and dripped a drop on each candle. 


Sizzle! 


A faint fragrance emanated as Audrey’s body, heart, and soul 
seemed to attain tranquility. 


She drew a breath as she lowered her head in reverence and 
began chanting the incantation in Hermes. 


“The Fool that doesn’t belong to this era, 


“you are the mysterious ruler above the gray fog, 


“you are the King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck, 


“I pray for your help. 


“I pray for your loving grace. 


“I pray for you to give me a good dream. 


“Moon flower, a herb that belongs to the red moon, please 
bestow your powers to my incantation! 


“Fingered citron, a herb that belongs to the sun, please bestow 
your powers to my incantation!” 


Right after Audrey chanted the incantation and hoped to cogitate 
the contents of her plea, she felt there was a stir within the 
Spirituality wall. She saw a dark red star swirling on the back of 
her hand. 


Her heart leaped as she hurriedly closed her eyes and calmed her 
heart to plead sincerely. 


When everything was over, she surveyed her surroundings 
wondrously, but did not find anything odd. 


“Is that all?” Audrey knitted her eyebrows slightly as she 
whispered. 


The King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck... The Fool that 
doesn’t belong to this era... In the Blue Avenger’s captain cabin, 
Alger Wilson in his windstorm robe was silently reciting the 
three lines of description he had heard in the afternoon. He 
seemed to be attempting to find clues of the person’s identity 
through it. 


He shook his head and stood up in a clearly vexed manner, but 


ultimately did not do anything. 


Alger was not at ease inside the Blue Avenger, an ancient ship 
that was a relic from the Tudor Dynasty. Although he was 
already in control of the ship, he had a gut feeling that there 
were still many hidden secrets, just like the Blood Emperor. 


Therefore, he planned on using the ship to test The Fool’s powers 
but did not wish to attempt the unknown ritualistic magic on 
the ship. 


Alger ruminated for a few minutes before leaving the captain’s 
cabin and went on deck. He said to the few sailors, “We will be 
reaching the Rorsted Archipelago soon. We will be anchoring 
there for a day.” 


The sailors immediately cheered as they shouted in unison, 
“Thank you, My Lord!” 


As the ghost ship did not need sailors, there were very few 
sailors on board. There was no need to worry about their 
supplies, being able to enjoy fresh food and clean water. 
However, day after day of voyaging at sea and the nearly 
unending vistas exhausted them both physically and mentally. It 
felt like they were always repressed and tolerating something 
until they lost control. 


As for the Rorsted Archipelago, it was a famous colony on the 
Sonia Sea. Their business was booming, and they had all kinds 
of industries. 


“I simply can’t wait!” A crew member gyrated his hips and 
sniggered a meaningful laugh that all men would understand. 


On the public carriage toward Zouteland Street, Klein, who was 
reading the newspapers leisurely, suddenly jolted. He seemed to 
hear an ethereal voice calling out to him. 


Shapeless murmurs resounded in his mind as his forehead 
throbbed uncontrollably. 


The contents of the calling that could not be heard left as fast as 
it came. In just ten seconds, it was gone. Klein pinched his 
forehead and resisted the throbbing pain deep in his brain. 


Is this the murmurings of unknown existences that Old Neil 
mentioned? A result of having enhanced spiritual perception? 
Thoughts flashed through Klein’s mind as he suddenly saw four 
black dots appear on the back of his right hand. They were like 
tiny inconspicuous moles. 


The four black dots that stemmed from the luck enhancement 
ritual quickly sank, dimmed, and vanished. 


Klein looked at it in surprise and had an additional guess about 
what had just happened. 


Justice or The Hanged Man has attempted the ritualistic magic I 
gave them? 


Was my train of thought right? 


Those three descriptions have precisely pointed towards me 
through the mysterious space above the gray fog? 


But I’m far from powerful enough. I can’t hear the contents of 
their requests... I wonder if the information is ‘stored’ above the 


gray fog... 


Yes, I should confirm it by entering tonight. 


Klein felt a little perturbed and agitated. He quickly raised his 
newspaper and hid his face, preventing anyone from seeing the 
changes to his expression. 


Soon, he arrived at Zouteland Street and entered the Blackthorn 
Security Company. 


Before he could greet Rozanne, Klein saw Captain Dunn Smith 
walk out. He held a piece of paper with a portrait on it. 


“Take a look at this internal warrant of arrest. A very cruel and 
vicious Beyonder has entered Tingen.” Dressed in his black 
trench coat, the hatless Dunn swept his gaze over and handed 
the piece of paper in passing. 


Klein received it and the first thing that entered his vision was a 
portrait sketch. 


The sketch was of boy with a round face. He looked amiable with 
a tiny hint of bashfulness and was fairly young, probably about 
eighteen or nineteen years old. 


“Tris, a suspected Beyonder. The initial estimate is that he’s a 
Sequence 8 Instigator and we are not eliminating the possibility 
that the Theosophy Order is behind it. The culprit behind the 
massacre of the Alfalfa... According to a witness testimony, he 
came to Tingen after leaving Enmat Harbor. His current 


whereabouts are unknown...” 


Tris... Alfalfa... It’s actually a crime committed by a Beyonder? 
Klein suddenly recalled the dream interpretation from yesterday 
afternoon and Joyce Meyer’s description. He immediately said, 
“Captain, I know one of the witnesses. He might very well be an 
important witness.” 


“I know. Joyce Meyer. My help was requested by the Machinery 
Hivemind last night. I saw you in Joyce’s dream. Many details 
have led to the confirmation that the Alfalfa tragedy was a result 
of Tris.” Dunn’s gray eyes looked unperturbed as he chuckled. 


How uninteresting. Captain... thankfully it was my rest day 
yesterday and not me acting as Seer during working hours... Klein 
lampooned. He barely missed the horror of being caught skiving 
by his direct superior. 


He asked instead, “Which Sequence pathway is Instigator? What 
kind of organization is the Theosophy Order?” 


Was instigating others to kill each other the method Tris used to 
eliminate the side effects of the potion or was it a requirement 
needed to advance? 


Dunn thought for a few seconds and said, “Coincidentally, it’s 
about time for you to learn the relevant information regarding 
Beyonders and the mysterious organizations. You shouldn’t be 
ordered by Old Neil to keep reading the historical documents all 
the time.” 


Captain, wasn’t the reason for recruiting me to be your ‘history 
expert?’ Klein did not dare point out the problem as he nodded 
seriously. 


“Alright.” 


Chapter 65: Beyonder Information 


With a document signed by Dunn, Klein went underground and 
turned into the armory. 


“Dunn is right. It’s time you understand the different Beyonders 
and the various secret organizations.” Dressed in a black classic 
robe, Old Neil read the note without finding it surprising. 
Instead, he supported the captain’s decision. 


He then added immediately with a smile, “After all, you will be 
heading to the underground market with me tomorrow night.” 


“Tomorrow night?” Klein did not conceal his pleasant surprise as 
he asked to confirm. 


Old Neil nodded and said with a sigh, “I’m a person who can’t 
sleep when in debt. I always wish to settle them as soon as I 
can.” 


You did not seem to act so previously. You left it to the last 
moment before using ritualistic magic to resolve the problem... So, 
I'm not the only one suffering from procrastination... Wait, is 
there a need to euphemize ‘afraid to spend away the money to 
repay a loan?’ Klein did not expose Old Neil and instead urged, 
“Mr. Neil, Pll be troubling you to retrieve the corresponding 
information from Chanis Gate.” 


There were mostly archaeological and historical documents in 
the armory. There were documents involving Beyonders and 
mysterious organizations, but few in number. Furthermore, they 
were mostly basic knowledge. 


Old Neil slowly took a sip from his hand-ground coffee and 
smacked his lips. He then walked out the armory with the 
signed and stamped document. Klein watched the place on his 
behalf. 


About ten minutes later, Old Neil returned with a huge stack of 
documents. 


“They can only be read in here. They are not to be taken out,” he 
warned as he placed the information on the desk. 


“Alright.” Klein gave a firm nod. He extended his hands and 
quickly flipped through the pages and did a general read 
through. 


Very detailed... As expected of the Nighthawks’s internal 
documents... As expected of a Church with four thousand years 
history or even more... Klein sighed inwardly as he glanced 
through the documents. 


Not only did the documents introduce the various secret 
organizations, it also listed down many of the Sequence 
pathways. It was very complete. Some of them only wrote the 
potion name of the corresponding Sequence while others only 
described the Beyonder abilities of the corresponding Sequence. 
Some were completely missing and left blank. 


While holding back his excitement, Klein found the Sequence 
pathway that led from Seer. 


He ruffled through the pages and soon found a familiar word. 


Then, his delighted expression quickly froze because there was 


no corresponding potion name—Sequences 7 and 8—after Seer! 


Thankfully, the abilities of the two following Sequences are 
present... Klein silently exhaled as he calmed his mind and read 
the description seriously. 


“Sequence 8: Potion name unknown. The corresponding 
Beyonder is good at fighting with artifice and very crafty.” 


Good at fighting with artifice? This is the next advancement of 
Seer? Why does it feel odd... ’'m not a hunter... Am I going to 
become a melee mage? What does crafty mean? My intelligence is 
enhanced, making me good at fooling the enemy? Klein was 
stunned. He even suspected that the Nighthawks’s information 
was wrong. 


There were corresponding case studies appended, but he could 
not find a reasonable explanation despite reading it repeatedly. 


He cast his gaze lower as the description of Sequence 7 entered 
his eyes. 


“Potion name unknown. The corresponding Beyonder is good at 
many spells that can be quickly cast. Fuses one’s body’s skill and 
supernatural powers as one. 


That’s more like it! This is what an advancement of a Seer should 
sound like! Klein heaved a sigh of relief. 


After seeing the case studies of Sequence 7, he cast his eyes to the 
overall description of the pathway. 


“This Sequence pathway was first established by the Solomon 
Empire’s Zaratul family. During the conflicts of the Fourth 
Epoch, the family was not fully destroyed. The family’s name 
was occasionally heard in the history of the Fifth Epoch... It is 
suspected to be connected to the ancient organization, the Secret 
Order.” 


Zaratul? Upon seeing this name, Klein’s eyes constricted. 


He had just seen this name appear in the remnant diary pages of 
Emperor Roselle yesterday afternoon! 


Roselle’s acting came from a reminder by the mysterious figure 
known as Zaratul! 


Because of that mysterious Zaratul, Emperor Roselle regretted not 
choosing Seer? Therefore, I was indirectly influenced, turning me 
into a Seer. It makes acting return to the embrace of the Seer... It 
feels like it was all predestined. Klein knitted his brows and felt 
that things were somewhat different. 


Just from the logical chain, he did not feel that there was 
anything wrong in any aspect. However, in the domain of 
mysticism, pre-destiny often manifested things and involved 
new problems. 


In addition, transmigration is quite a baffling matter... It’s just 
confusing... And the guy I’ve possessed tried to commit suicide 
because of the lost notebook of the Secret Order... Klein thought for 
quite a while and had many guesses, but lacked the information 
needed to prove them. 


Phew... After repeatedly reading the information, he finally 
suppressed his ideas and read the other records. 


He first found the Sailor Sequence and discovered that it indeed 
belonged to the Lord of Storms. 


For an old opponent that they haven’t faced for perhaps more 
than two to three thousand years, the Nighthawks’s internal 
records were rather detailed. 


“Sequence 8: Folk of Rage. Ancient name—Guardian of the Storm. 
The corresponding Beyonder can release several strikes that 
exceed ordinary thresholds when enraged. Their strength and 
speed are greatly enhanced... Facing them is like facing a 
storm... 


“Sequence 7: Seafarer. Ancient name—Storm Priest. The 
corresponding Beyonder is also a scholar of astronomy and 
geography. They have an intuitive grasp of magnetic fields, 
ocean currents, wind direction, and clouds... A boat with a 
Seafarer will never get lost at sea... They are even more beloved 
by the oceans and gain enhancements in every aspect at sea... 


“They are friends of water. They can act freely underwater for 
more than half an hour... They can cast a limited number of 
water-related spells. Some are a result of their own capabilities 
and some are a bestowment from the Lord of Storms, for 
example...” 


A Sequence 7 Seafarer is very powerful... Klein nodded while in 
deep thought. 


He suspected that The Hanged Man was a Guardian of the Storm, 
if not a Seafarer. From how he has recently advanced, it was 
more likely he was the latter. 


This also indicated in a way that The Hanged Man was either a 
member of the Mandated Punisher or a pirate who had been 


secretly absorbed by the Church of Storms. 


Impressive. Impressive... Klein flipped back a few pages and 
found the advancement of Spectator. He discovered that the 
description was identical to what The Hanged Man had said. 


Sequence 9 Spectator was like a Seer. They lacked direct combat 
means and could only observe a target to obtain information, 
gleaning the true thoughts of the target. By doing so, they could 
provide subtle influences and guidance to cause situations to 
develop in a way they wish. 


Sequence 8 Telepathist was the advancement of Spectator. Their 
observation was not only limited to superficial details, but 
deeper into one’s aura, Ether Body, or other mysterious domains. 
The combination of the two allowed a Telepathist to precisely 
understand a person’s thoughts as though they could read their 
minds. In front of them, it was difficult to have any secrets. 


Sequence 7s Psychiatrist, which was also known as Psyche 
Analyst, had further enhancements above the Sequence 8 
foundations. They could begin directly influencing a target. For 
instance, they could treat a target’s maniacal problems or 
alternatively, cause them to turn maniacal and lose their reason. 


“A Beyonder that is very difficult to be noticed...” After reading 
the description, Klein made a reasoned judgment. 


After understanding the relevant information concerning the 
Gathering members, he flipped to the Church of the God of Steam 
and Machinery. This was because Emperor Roselle had chosen 
their Savant Sequence. 


“Sequence 9: Savant. The corresponding Beyonder believes that 
knowledge is power. They have a rough understanding of the 


supernatural, but are more knowledgeable about aqua regia, 
nitroglycerin, and complicated bolts and gears. They seem to 
know everything.” 


It is no wonder that Emperor Roselle said that this potion suited 
him perfectly, allowing for him to press his advantage to the 
fullest... Klein understood completely as he shifted his eyes 
down. 


After several case studies, the corresponding Sequence 8 finally 
appeared in Klein’s vision. 


“Archaeologist. They possess a good deal of knowledge about 
history and outdoor survival, as well as forbidden knowledge 
about ruins. They have a strong enough body and ability to face 
everything...” 


“Sequence 7: Appraiser. They can intuitively understand the 
powers and problems of most extraordinary items, and can use 
them while keeping danger at its lowest...” 


As klein’s security clearance was insufficient, he only had access 
to Sequence pathways up to 7. It left him a little frustrated, but 
there was no other way around it. He only wished that Backlund 
would quickly send over the Sealed Artifact 2-049 to determine if 
Ray Bieber was a descendant of the Antigonus family. 


That way, he would have a chance of becoming a formal 
member and obtain a higher security clearance. 


Collecting himself, Klein read the material seriously from cover 
to cover. He knew that the sequences following Corpse Collector 
were Gravedigger and Spirit Medium. He also knew that there 
was no information about the Sequence 8 of the Mystery Pryer 
path. Not only was there no name for the potion, but even the 


description had been left blank. There was a name for Sequence 
7 of that path: Warlock! 


Sounds impressive... Klein slowly flipped the page and saw 
Apprentice and Marauder which Emperor Roselle had lingering 
thoughts for. Their records only reached Sequence 8 and nothing 
more. 


“Sequence 9: Apprentice. Their abilities are rather strange. It can 
only be confirmed that this is the originating pathway of a 
mage. They are rarely trapped and very difficult to be stopped. 
They often are able to escape and pass through obstacles every 
time... 


“Sequence 8: Trickmaster. They wield all kinds of strange but 
impotent spells...” 


“Sequence 9: Marauder. Difficult to separate these Beyonders 
from ordinary bandits or thieves. Perhaps the means available to 
them are more impressive, but their goal of stealing riches is not 
for enjoyment or survival. It’s more like answering a calling...” 


“Sequence 8: Swindler. We have also discovered traces of 
Beyonders in fraud investigations. They gain enjoyment from 
swindling...” 


Gain enjoyment from swindling... This is ‘acting’ in a different 
form, isn’t it? If I had the choice, I might have chosen Apprentice... 
Klein silently said to himself. Suddenly, he discovered the 
corresponding Sequence potion of the culprit of the Alfalfa 
tragedy, Tris—Instigator. 


Chapter 66: Demoness Sect 


“Sequence 8: Instigator. They are adept at triggering the evil 
desires deep in people’s hearts, causing contradictions and 
inciting conflict, thus resulting in bloody massacres...” 


The description isn’t detailed enough. From the looks of it, the 
Nighthawks do not understand the capabilities of this potion well 
enough... But it does match the characteristics of the Alfalfa 
tragedy... Klein cast his gaze up and read the corresponding 
Sequence 9 for Instigator. 


“Sequence 9: Assassin. Can transform their bodies in a short 
period of time and become light as a feather. They can also 
utilize vision equal to that of an eagle. Every Assassin is adept at 
hiding in the shadows. They have dexterous steps and have the 
ability to release all their strength in one blow...” 


After reading the description, Klein was left completely confused. 
Assassin... The advancement from Assassin is Instigator? 


This advancement is just as odd as how a Seer advances to a class 
that is good at fighting with artifice... 


Some Sequence pathways advance in a very ordinary fashion, 
such as Spectator. Yet, there are Sequence pathways that seem to 
violate intuition and logic? 


Well, that might not be completely true. Perhaps I just haven’t 
discovered some of the hidden common points... 


For instance, Assassins and Instigators can both bring catastrophe 
to others... 


But I can’t figure out the advancement of Seer! Hey! Could it be of 
the Gandalf {1| lineage? After adding some supportive magic, the 
other attribute points are dumped into strength and techniques? 


As Klein lampooned in a speechless manner, he silently shook 
his head. He flipped to the section about the secret organization, 
the Theosophy Order that involved Instigators. 


“Theosophy Order. A secret organization that appeared in the 
Fifth Epoch, which is the early era of the current epoch. They 
believe that the mind is fundamental to a person, while the 
physical flesh is a cage that restrains the mind. The reason why 
humans do evil is a result of the physical body’s influence. One 
has to use their spirituality to obtain knowledge, allowing the 
mind to gradually extricate from the body. Then, through the 
trials of the stars, they will eventually be separated from the 
material world, returning to the purest and truest self, obtaining 
eternal redemption.” 


“Therefore, many extremist members of the Theosophy Order 
will make destroying the bodies of others their goal, which has 
led to many bloody massacres... It is obvious that they possess 
two Sequence pathways. The first is the more common 
Apprentice and Trickmaster potions among their members. The 
other Sequence comprised of Assassin and Instigator rarely 
appear... There is currently no evidence that indicates that the 
Theosophy Order possesses Sequence 7 or higher potions. 


“It is unknown how the Theosophy Order established itself. Their 
possible origins can only be analyzed using the two Sequence 
pathways. Firstly, the Apprentice and Trickmaster Sequences 
easily remind people of the Abraham family of the Tudor 
Dynasty in the Fourth Epoch. The Tamara family, tied to the 
Abraham family through marriage for extended periods of time, 


cannot be eliminated as well. Secondly, Assassin and Instigator 
point towards the Demoness Sect.” 


The Abraham, Tamara, Antigonus and Zaratul families, the 
Solomon Empire’s Black Emperor, the Tudor Dynasty’s Blood 
Emperor, the Trunsoest Empire, and the Jacob and Amon families 
that the Hanged Man had mentioned... There are really lots of 
secrets buried in the history of the Fourth Epoch. There might be a 
lot of facts too... Klein was astounded from what he read. He had 
a deep appreciation for how the history of the Fourth Epoch was 
clouded in fog. 


The outline he could see through the fog left him shuddering 
involuntarily. It was as though he could imagine a thriving era 
of Beyonders, an Epoch with blood and strangeness in a 
concerted dance or horror and distortion in a symphony. 


Klein drew in a silent gasp and flipped through the book, but did 
not discover any corresponding descriptions of the Demoness 
Sect. 


He looked up and saw Old Neil wrestling with some filter paper 
with his hand-ground coffee. He asked sincerely, “Mr. Neil, what 
organization is the Demoness Sect? I can’t find any introduction 
about them in the documents.” 


Old Neil was in no hurry to respond. After wrestling with his 
coffee, he chuckled and said, “Your security clearance isn’t high 
enough. Even with Dunn’s permission, you would not be able to 
read the relevant information. It can also be said that a lot of the 
information is only available in the Holy Cathedral and isn’t 
stored behind Tingen City’s Chanis Gate. Perhaps wait till the day 
you become a captain of the Nighthawks. You would be sent to 
the Holy Cathedral for training and would then be able to access 
them. 


“I do not understand much about the Demoness Sect. All I know 
is that they worship the Primordial Demoness. They believe that 
this secret existence is the true inheritor of the Creator. She was 
born out of the Chaos and was the earliest to be born from the 
Creators body. She is also the ultimate Ender that ends 
everything. 


“Their Sequence pathways are related to this because to obtain 
the favor of the Primordial Demoness and to approach this secret 
existence, the upper echelons are all female. This is also why 
they are called the Demoness Sect. 


“Anything else is not something a formal member like me will 
know. I’ve heard that the demonesses make it their mission to 
spread catastrophes.” 


Spread catastrophes... This does match the hidden commonality of 
Assassin and Instigator... But this Mr. Tris’s future seems bleak. 
The subsequent potions seem to be more suited for females... 
Klein’s nodded slightly before he continued reading the 
information. 


After he finished reading, he realized that the secret 
organizations were a lot more than he imagined. But on second 
thought, he found it very ordinary. After all, this world had so 
many years of history underlying it. There was once an era 
when Beyonder powers were extremely active. 


According to the provided information, Klein categorized the 
secret organizations into three based on era. 


First were the ancient organizations born in the Fourth Epoch. 
They included but were not limited to the Moses Ascetic Order, 
Secret Order, and the Blood Sanctify Sect which were followers of 
the Devil. However, the information only mentioned the 
Demoness Sect once. 


The second was the secret organizations early in the Fifth Epoch, 
the present Epoch. For instance, the Theosophy Order or the 
Death-worshiping Numinous Episcopate. There is also the Life 
School of Thought which employs a master-apprentice heritage 
and the Rose School of Thought known among Beyonders for its 
bloody sacrifices. 


The third category were new organizations that appeared in the 
recent century or two. They include the Aurora Order, the Iron 
and Blood Cross Order, the Element Dawn, and the Psychology 
Alchemists, which Klein learned about much earlier. 


Apart from them, there were other organizations that did not do 
anything major. 


“Benson and Melissa must have never imagined that the world 
is so dangerous... it’s not only limited to wars...” Klein shook his 
head with a wry smile. He stacked the classified documents 
neatly before pushing it to Old Neil. 


Meanwhile, he added silently in his heart. 


Please don’t let my Tarot Club be on the list... 


Old Neil never suspected that a leader of a secret organization 
was sitting opposite to him. He chuckled and took the 
documents and headed to Chanis Gate. 


Klein sat there and wondered if he should divine the location of 
Instigator Tris. But he abandoned the thought after less than 
twenty seconds. After all, he only had a vague idea of Tris’s 
appearance and did not know if the name was genuine. If he 
could figure out his location with that, he would not be a Seer, 
but a Prophet! 


By the time Old Neil returned, Klein had straightened his 
thought processes and continued his revision of mysticism 
studies to grasp even more forms of ritualistic magic. 


He spent the day studying and revising. He did not participate in 
the joint operation needed for capturing Instigator Tris. He did 
hear that the delivery of Sealed Artifact 2-049 from Backlund had 
been delayed due to some reason or another. The actual time of 
arrival was still pending. 


As he had earned nearly two soli from yesterday’s divination, 
Klein spent ten pence to buy a two-liter barrel of Enmat Beer for 
Benson on the way home. He also bought some lemon cakes 
fresh out of the oven for Melissa. 


“Klein, I know you care for us deeply, but there’s no need. There’s 
no need to keep spending money on such matters,” said Benson 
after he saw the tiny barrel of beer and deliberating over his 
words. 


Melissa stood beside him and nodded slightly. 


This is probably how our consumerist habits differ... Klein sighed 
in amusement. 


“Benson, Melissa, don’t worry. This was bought with my 
additional reimbursement. Yeah, I earn an additional two to four 
soli every week.” 


I can’t tell them that these are the earnings I got from doing 
divinations for others, right... He added inwardly. 


“That job of yours is much better than I imagined.” Benson was 


taken aback as he made an objective assessment. 


That’s right. I even learned divination from it... Klein mused 
silently before turning toward the kitchen. 


Under the combined efforts of the trio of siblings, a sumptuous 
dinner was ready for eating. 


After having their fill, Klein, Benson, and Melissa lay slumped in 
the living hall. It took them quite a while before they got up to 
clean up, chat, and study. 


When Benson and Melissa fall asleep, I'll head above the gray fog 
to see the effects of the ritual... As Klein revised his history 
textbooks, he shot a glance at his siblings. 


West Borough. Iron Cross Street Lower Street. 


A three-storied apartment was immersed in darkness. There 
were no street lamps or any additional light. 


Suddenly, a figure leaped out of a window from the third floor. It 
landed gently on the ground like a feather without causing so 
much as a stir. 


His body crouched and suddenly vanished as though he had 
blended into the shadows. All that could be seen was the outline 
of his body. 


As he traveled quickly, the figure arrived at the harbor. He 
headed for a corner devoid of anything except for a pile of goods. 


He seriously observed for a moment, circling the area twice 
before the leaving the darkness and entering the corner. 


One could see his round and amiable face. He was Instigator Tris, 
who had single handedly caused the tragedy of the Alfalfa. 


“How does it feel?” A mysterious figure wearing a black hooded 
robe walked out of the shadows. The hoarse voice obviously 
belonged to a woman. 


Tris revealed a friendly and satisfied smile. 


“Feels great. It was a scene I dreamed and yearned for. 


“I think I have appropriately completed the mission and have 
taken the necessary preparations for the advancement.” 


The black-robed woman nodded indiscernibly and said, “Very 
well. According to the promise, I'll hand you the Sequence 7 
formula and the three main ingredients. You will have to gather 
the rest by yourself.” 


“No problem.” Tris answered, seemingly prepared. 


The mysterious woman raised her hand and handed a book-like 
object to Tris. 


The “book” had an ancient and mottled bronze exterior cover 


with a strange star-shaped lock on its side. 


Tris knew that inside the “book” was the formula and 
ingredients. He instantly became thrilled. 


He tried hard to compose himself as he looked curiously at the 
potion’s name on the bronze outer cover. 


“Witch!” 


Tris exclaimed. He found it unbelievable that the word written in 
ancient Hermes was “Witch.” 


Witch? I'll advance to become a Witch? What a joke! 


The mysterious woman covered her mouth and let out a chortle. 
It took her quite some time before she answered, “Weren’t you 
always curious? Curious about why our upper echelons are all 
female... 


“That is the answer.” 


1. Gandalf is a fictional character, a wizard and one of 


the protagonists in J. R. R. Tolkien’s novels The Hobbit 
and The Lord of the Rings. 


Chapter 67: Response 


The crimson moon high in the sky hung silently in the darkness. 
It illuminated Tingen City, the city of universities, as it gradually 
fell silent. 


Klein stood in front of his desk and looked through his oriel 
windows to see the empty Daffodil Street. He heard the sound of 
carriages quickly galloping far away without causing a din. 


He picked up his vine-leaf patterned silver pocket watch and 
snapped it open. He took a glance at it and drew the curtains, 
making the yellowish lights of the gas lamp reflect back into the 
bedroom. 


Klein turned around at an adequate speed, locked his room, and 
switched off the gas valve. 


The room was immediately covered in darkness. Only a sliver of 
red moonlight penetrated the curtains. It gave rise to an 
atmosphere perfect for many late-night folk tales. 


Klein took out the silver knife he had applied for. He imagined 
the spherical light and entered a half-Cogitation state. 


He focused his mind according to his previous practice, allowing 
his spirituality to spew out from the tip of his blade. Then, he 
allowed their motion to miraculously fuse with his 
surroundings, sealing off the room. 


He was doing it to prevent any abnormal stirrings that could 
wake Benson and Melissa. 


Following that, Klein put down the knife and walked four steps 
in a counterclockwise manner. Every step was accompanied by 
the incantation from Earth. 


The unchanging roars and murmurs inundated him. With the 
same mania and pain inflicted on him, he did his best to control 
himself and withstood the most grueling and dangerous stage in 
his half-conscious state. 


The grayish-white fog was endless. The dark red stars were at 
varying distances from him. The towering divine palace stood 
erect like a dead giant. Nothing seemed to have changed. The 
silence and antiquity that had accumulated over thousands of 
years swarmed him. 


No, there is a change! Klein silently muttered to himself. His gaze 
locked onto a dark red star near him. 


That was the star symbolizing Justice! 


The star’s deep redness began to pulse. It did so with average 
amplitude, but did not stop. 


Klein carefully spread out his spirituality towards the deep 
redness. 


The moment the two made contact, he felt a hum in his head. 
He saw a blurry and distorted scene and heard the illusory but 
stacked voice of prayers. 


“The Fool that doesn’t belong to this era; 


“you are the mysterious ruler above the gray fog; 


“you are the King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck; 


“I pray for your help. 


“I pray for your loving grace. 


“I pray for you to give me a good dream. 


“I pray for you to give me a good dream. 


“I pray for you to give me a good dream.” 


The female voice resounded constantly in an intermittent 
fashion. Klein’s psyche turned more irritable and chaotic. It was 
akin to listening to someone upstairs pounding on the floor 
when he had just fallen asleep. 


He repressed his emotions and used Cogitation to calm the urge. 
He carefully discerned the blurry scene that appeared before 
him. 


It was a girl dressed in white robes. She had a head of beautiful 
golden hair. She was standing before four flickering flames, her 
head lowered as she kept chanting. 


From the distorted image, Klein barely recognized her to be Miss 
Justice! 


At this point, he confirmed that the ritual incantation he had 
created could precisely point towards the gray fog, towards him! 


This gave him a huge sense of achievement, going from nothing 
to having something. 


I won't praise myself for being awesome... Klein’s mood turned for 
the better. He felt that the pleading voice that echoed in his ears 
like a buzzing fly was now acceptable. 


With a thought, he attempted to create a response in his mind, 
transferring it through the intricate connection to the dark red 
star. 


“Tm aware.” 


The gray layer emanated before him. A distorted and blurry 
figure stood in the deepest depths. 


The spot where his eyes ought to be swirled with deep redness as 
his voice resounded repeatedly in the vast and empty world. 


“Tm aware.” 


“Tm aware.” 


“Tm aware.” 


Audrey Hall was jolted awake suddenly. She sat up with her 
blanket wrapped around her as her mind was fully occupied 
with the scenes she saw in her dream. 


She knew very well that she had dreamed of the Fool, the 
mysterious being that lived above the fog! 


“Is this a response to my morning prayers?” Audrey, who quickly 
entered her Spectator state, calmed down and analyzed. 


Although she did not understand why The Fool did not respond 
on the spot and only did so at night, she was still shocked that 
the ritualistic magic was effective with the few lines of 
incantation. 


In the past, she had prayed to the Evernight Goddess, but had 
never received any response! 


Even if Mr. Fool was not a god, he is likely not far from being 
one... Audrey slowly inhaled before slowly exhaling. 


Since he was a powerful existence that she had no means of 
resisting, she quickly threw aside her worries. She began 


considering what to do next. 


“First, I have to completely digest the Spectator potion... My 
acting is still pretty good. 


“Second, I have to seek out the Psychology Alchemists. 


“Third, I should try to obtain the Telepathist potion formula from 
Mr. Fool or clues regarding the Psychology Alchemists elsewhere. 


“However, every godlike existence should have a complete 
Sequence pathway that belongs to them. They might not know 
the formulas of other Sequence pathways... A new Beyonder 
organization like the Psychology Alchemists might not be able to 
garner Mr. Fool’s attention...” 


With the connection severed, Klein sat at the bronze table’s seat 
of honor in a rather good mood. 


He was completely covered in gray fog. He leaned back and 
clenched his fist to cover his mouth. He recalled and analyzed 
the process. 


At that moment, he was the only living being in the world of the 
gray fog. Apart from that, there was absolute silence. 


It seems I can only pass information over and am unable to use 
the powers in here... From the looks of it, my idea of manipulation 
would not work. Klein kept prodding his mouth as he silently 
made a conclusion. 


He had originally planned on attempting to bind his body with 
the world of the gray fog in the same manner if the incantation 
and ritual proved effective. As such, he could then leverage all 
the power of this mysterious space. 


If that happened, he could pray to himself, and through such a 
manipulative manner, he could go around the limitations, the 
mysteries, and the danger, allowing him to fully use the gray fog 
world. 


For example, he could first conduct a ritual and pray to “himself” 
for spells. Following that, he could come above the gray fog and 
answer his own request and bestow it. 


From the looks of it, I was being too idealistic... My understanding 
and control of the gray fog world has not reached that level... 
Klein shook his head in a self-deprecating manner and planned 
on leaving. 


At that moment, he saw the dark red star that represented the 
Hanged Man begin to pulse. He heard an ethereal and formless 
voice spread out. 


“I coincidentally chanced upon The Hanged Man’s ritual?” Klein 
nodded in thought. 


He sat at the seat of honor of the long bronze table and extended 
his hand to tap on the star. 


His spirituality spread as it touched the pulsing deep redness. 


He heard The Hanged Man’s heavy and repeated prayers along 
with a blurry scene. 


The Hanged Man was draped in a pure-black robe in the scene. 
He stood in front of four plumes of fire. The surrounding 
Spirituality had formed a wall, isolating him from any external 
influence. 


Klein did not immediately respond. All he did was watch and 
listen silently. 


“You are the King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck; 


“I pray for your help.” 


After The Hanged Man finished his prayer, he waited for a while. 
Seeing that there was no response, he began dismantling the 
Spirituality wall, extinguished the candles, and tidied up the 
altar. 


Finally, he swiped his extended hand as aqueous light spread 
out, making the altar table look brand new. 


Water-based spell... The bestowment of the Storm... The Hanged 
Man is indeed at least a Seafarer... Klein nodded slightly. Before 
the scene vanished, he responded via the method he imagined, 
transmitting it through the blob of dark redness. 


Alger Wilson was situated in the Rorsted Archipelago’s City of 
Generosity. 


He had not gone with the sailors to the famous Red Cabaret. 
Instead, he stayed inside the hotel and sealed the door and 
windows shut to attempt the ritual The Fool had described. 


After familiarly finishing the prayer, Alger waited patiently for a 
moment, but did not receive any response. 


“It seems this attempt isn’t too successful... Mr. Fool needs to 
change methods...” He was both overjoyed, but also a little 
disappointed. 


After everything was done, Alger planned on going downstairs 
for a bottle of Lanti Proof—alcohol that could aid a Folk of Rage 
to unleash his powers. Mandated Punishers of the Lord of 
Storms were rather fond of this sort of beverage. 


Pulling open the door, Alger was about to walk out when his 
vision blurred. He saw gray fog billow in the corridor and a hazy 
human figure sitting in the deepest depths of the fog, as ifona 
high throne. 


“lm aware.” The familiar deep voice reverberated around Alger’s 
ears, causing him to freeze where he stood as his head slightly 
throbbed in pain. 


Alger’s eyes suddenly turned dark. He looked around but realized 
that nothing had changed. There was still the same squeaky 
floorboard, the same aged wall candle stands, and the same 
unclean corridor. 


I’m aware... The voice was still resounding by Alger’s ears. 


His expression sank as he hit his chest lightly with his fist but 


did not say any words of respect to the Lord of Storms. 


After a long silence, Alger’s expression was restored to normal, 
but his gaze seemed deeper. 


Klein did not spend too much time above the gray fog. When all 
the remnant voices returned to normal, he enveloped himself in 
his spirituality and plunged into the gray fog, plummeting into 
the material world. 


The lights before him flew by rapidly, like the scenes of a movie 
played back at a speed tens of times faster than normal. After 
Klein felt faint, he saw curtains that let crimson moonlight 
through along with the blurry outlines of the desk and 
bookshelf. 


He picked up the silver knife again and removed the spirituality 
wall in the room. Then, a sudden gust of wind opened the door 
and went through the corridor. 


He was completely relieved when he saw that there were no 
stirrings from Benson’s or Melissa’s room. 


This luck enhancement ritual is really indispensable for traveling 
[i]... It’s concealed and mystical... Klein silently murmured and 
closed the door again, walking towards his bed. 


His mission tomorrow was to head to the underground markets 
for Beyonder items with Old Neil. 


1. This is a Chinese meme that originated from Stephen 
Chow’s movie, “Flirting Scholar.” 


The exact scene: https://youtu.be/Vg_HBVOVVWk?t=4440 


Chapter 68: Monster 


At dusk, the setting sun cast long shadows of the carriages and 
horses. 


Having informed Benson and Melissa that he was having dinner 
at the Blackthorn Security Company, Klein headed to the harbor 
with Old Neil on a public carriage. 


He was dressed in cheap formal attire, afraid that conflict might 
break out in such a complicated location—if he damaged his 
tuxedo which he took painstaking care of, he would probably cry 
his heart out. 


When the sunlight appeared to turn fiery, the carriage stopped. 
Old Neil, in his usual classic black robe and felt black hat with a 
rounded edge, ignored the gazes of others and walked diagonally 
to the Evil Dragon Bar ahead of them. 


Even though the bar was slightly far away and the heavy doors 
were tightly shut, Klein still heard wave after wave of rapturous 
shouts. They appeared to be cheering on a hero. 


When he came close, he suddenly sensed something. He turned 
his head towards the warehouse opposite to the bar. He saw a 
stocky man dressed in a uniform standing at a hidden corner on 
the rooftop. 


The man carried a huge grayish-white mechanical box and held 
a thick rifle in his hand. 


The grayish-white mechanical box was obviously connected to 


the same-colored rifle via piping. 


“Steam-pressured rifle?” Klein muttered in shock. He looked at 
Old Neil and said, “This bar can actually obtain such weapons?” 


That was a military-controlled item! 


Although it used extracted phlogiston |1]|, the size and weight of 
the steam backpack were still shocking, something only a true 
warrior of blood and iron could withstand. The rifle had an 
extremely high muzzle velocity and shocking destructive power 
too. 


Matched with a suitable scope, it was nearly equivalent to an 
inferior sniper rifle. 


“What?” Old Neil squinted his eyes as he looked over, having a 
confused look too. “Did something happen here?” 


Something happened? Klein surveyed his surroundings and 
discovered a few more men holding repeating rifles who were 
searching for something. 


“What happened?” Old Neil approached the bar and asked the 
brawny man guarding its door outside. 


The brawny man obviously knew Old Neil and smiled wryly. 


“The bar was nearly destroyed earlier. 


“Apparently a wanted man was here trying to buy materials and 


was recognized. And this was what resulted from it. Oh Lord, 
what did he do, and how dangerous was he to receive such 
treatment? My legs went limp seeing all those firearms, limper 
than after spending an entire night with Ginger Sunny!” 


He did not know the identity of the wanted man, much less 
know that the people who came to buy materials had Beyonders 
mixed in. 


“Wanted man? Do you know his name?” Old Neil asked in 
interest. 


“I think it was Tris or something?” the brawny man answered 
uncertainly. 


Instigator Tris? Klein nodded in enlightenment, having 
understood what was happening. 


Tris did not know that Joyce Meyer had cast his suspicion on 
him; therefore, he had sauntered right into the market to 
purchase materials without heed. He was likely recognized by an 
informant of either the Machinery Hivemind or the Nighthawks, 
resulting in an intense clash. 


“Was he caught?” Klein tapped his silver-inlaid black cane. 


Based on the surrounding situation, likely not... 


The brawny man shook his head slightly and gestured with his 
chin to the rooftop of the warehouse opposite him. 


“He rushed out before those terrifying guys arrived. Bloody hell, 


I've never seen a man run faster than he did!” 


You haven’t seen the true skills of an Assassin, or you might be 
taken away to some indescribable place for further reeducation... 
Klein thought. 


“Is the market still open?” Old Neil changed subjects and asked. 


“It just restored operations,” replied the brawny man 
affirmatively. 


“That’s great.” Old Neil quickened his pace and extended his right 
hand, pushing open the heavy door. 


Klein followed closely in tow and walked in. He nearly fainted at 
the stuffiness and smell of alcohol that inundated him. 


In the middle of Evil Dragon Bar was a boxing ring. Two half- 
naked men were in an intense brawl and surrounding them 
were dozens of customers shouting and cheering on the side 
they supported with no lack of vulgarities. 


Old Neil ignored them and led Klein around the boxing ring and 
walked into a billiard room at the back. 


In the billiard room, there were two people holding cue sticks, 
having a casual conversation. When they saw Old Neil enter, 
they instantly fell silent for a few seconds. 


After confirming the visitor’s identity, they moved aside and let 
Old Neil and Klein pass through the secret door behind them. 


After passing through a few rooms, the sight before Klein’s eyes 
opened up. He saw a place that was about the size of a lecture 
hall from his previous life. 


Some vendors had set up roadside stalls with bottles and cans all 
over. Passers-by strolled through them, either scrutinizing their 
goods, chatting, or comparing prices. 


“They have to give five percent of their profits to Swain. Ah, he is 
the boss of Evil Dragon Bar, former captain of a Mandated 
Punisher squad and older than I am. He’s someone who wishes 
to drink himself to his death,” Old Neil explained in a garrulous 
manner. 


Klein thought and gave an honest evaluation. 


“A rather profitable business.” 


After all, his only expense was providing the venue and 
protection. 


“If any item catches your fancy but you lack the money, you can 
borrow from Swain. But of course, he charges a very high 
interest...” Old Neil trailed off as he gnashed his teeth. 


As expected, it’s like running a casino, they would provide 
usuries... Klein held his walking stick and looked around as he 
asked curiously, “Mr. Swain is a Seafarer?” 


The captain of a Mandated Punisher squad was likely a Sequence 
7. 


“No, he is only a Folk of Rage. Tingen is not a coastal city, so the 
Church of the Goddess is much more powerful than the Lord of 
Storms here.” Old Neil scoffed. “Actually, Swain had the chance 
of becoming a Seafarer, but was afraid that he would lose control 
so he chose to give up.” 


Just as Klein was about to ask if the boss of the bar had any 
experience of nearly losing control, he suddenly felt a strange 
phenomenon happen on his left. 


There appeared to be something hidden there, muttering and 
recounting. 


Klein turned his head and saw a pale young man. He was 
wearing an old linen shirt and blue jeans that the working class 
normally wore. His eyes looked demoralized with a hint of 
craziness, and he was constantly mumbling. 


“His spiritual perception is very high... or perhaps, distorted?” 
Klein creased his eyebrows and muttered. 


It was the young man’s spiritual perception that triggered his 
own spiritual perception! 


Generally speaking, spiritual perception sensing something 
causes some interaction. It was nearly impossible to conceal it 
from others, but “others” referred to Spirit Mediums who had 
cast their abilities, as well as powerful figures with similar 
special traits. A Beyonder like Klein would actually find it hard to 
detect, only detecting if one’s spiritual perception reached a 
certain heightened level, or an abnormal distortion happened. 


They made eye contact and the pale young man with messy 
black hair walked towards him with an expression looking as 
though he was half-sleepwalking and half-insane. 


He stopped before Klein and stared at him. 


Suddenly, he guffawed. 


“Haha, it’s the smell of death, death... Ah!” 


Before he was done talking, he suddenly screamed tragically. His 
eyes shut tightly as liquid with the color of blood flowed out. 


“Ah! Darn it!” The young man covered his eyes and hugged his 
head. He struggled on the ground and only calmed down after a 
while. He then lay there panting. 


During the entire process, not a single customer or stall vendor 
looked over. 


Klein pressed down his halved top hat and looked at Old Neil. 
Klein’s mouth was hanging open in shock, using his actions to 
demonstrate his shock and to request for advice. 


“Don’t mind him. He’s Ademisaul, an orphan, nicknamed 
‘monster.’ He was born with high spiritual perception, and he 
has always been able to see things that he shouldn't, hear voices 
that he shouldn’t. Hence, he is always raving and often getting 
hurt.” Old Neil shook his head as he explained. 


He could tell that my body was once dead? Klein knitted his 
eyebrows and lowered his voice as he asked in doubt, “Haven't 
the Nighthawks, Mandated Punishers, or the Machinery 
Hivemind ever thought of taking him in?” 


“No, we do not have the Sequence potion that suits him,” said Old 


Neil with a sigh. 


Right, he was born with the starting point of half a Sequence... 
Klein asked again curiously, 


“What Sequence pathway suits him?” 


“The Sequence 9 that suits him is called ‘Monster.’ His nickname 
came from there. It’s a pity that only the Life School of Thought 
has control over the Sequence pathway’s beginning,” Old Neil 
replied softly. 


He tried to keep the conversation between him and Klein from 
the people around them to avoid leaking information to 
mysticism enthusiasts. 


Life School of Thought? Klein recalled the information he had 
previously read. 


The secret organization appeared in the beginning of the current 
epoch. Its actual origins were unknown, but it was mainly 
passed down via master and apprentice. 


Their theories and beliefs were hardly known. Klein only knew 
that they separated the world into three layers: the world of 
absolute rationality, also known as the absolute truth world, the 
world of the spirit, and the material world. 


Rumor had it that the secret organization had once produced a 
Soothsayer... Wasn’t that a Sequence pathway that corresponded 
to Seer? Confusing, really confusing... Klein shook his head and 
saw Ademisaul struggle to get up and then wander off to another 
corner. 


He reorganized his thoughts and followed behind Old Neil. They 
walked past one stall after another. There were plants like moon 
flower, fingered citron, night vanilla, and mineral resources like 
silver, topaz, ruby and so on. 


“It’s really very well equipped...” Klein muttered softly. 


The mysticism enthusiasts of all ages and genders around him 
would be stopping, distinguishing, or talking at times. It gave the 
area a bustling vibe. 


“Walk around on your own. I am going to settle my bill.” Old Neil 
pointed at one of the two rooms at the end. 


“Alright.” Klein nodded without thought. 


He strolled with his black cane and came before a stall which 
sold self-made amulets. He took a careful look at it for a while. 


Just when Klein prepared to speak with the seller, he suddenly 
heard someone asking the stall behind him, “Is this powder 
ground from cow teeth paeonol?” 


Cow teeth paeonol? Isn’t that one of the supplementary 
ingredients of the Spectator potion? Klein thought, then turned 
around to look at the inquirer. 


Justice had repeated the formula for the potion several times, so 
Klein had been left with a remarkably clear impression of the 
ingredients. 


1. A substance supposed by 18th-century chemists to exist 
in all combustible bodies, and to be released in 
combustion. 


Chapter 68: Protection Amulet 


Klein looked over and saw the person inquiring about the cow 
teeth paeonol. 


The man was less than a meter away from him. He was wearing 
a black suit and a halved top hat of the same color. He had a 
cane adorned with silver in his hand and a pair of gold-framed 
spectacles on his face. He had a refined bearing. 


“yes, do you need it? This can here costs three soli.” The owner of 
the stall was wearing a long black robe, one filled mysticism 
traits. 


The inquirer whose sideburns were pale yellow thought for a 
moment before saying, “Can it be cheaper? I still need to buy 
other ingredients too. For example, this bottle of white-edged 
sunflower petals.” 


The stall owner considered for a few seconds before grudgingly 
replying, “Two soli and six pence. I don’t think you can find a 
price cheaper than that.” 


Klein immediately felt that he was overthinking things after 
seeing how the bespectacled man was buying ingredients other 
than the cow teeth paeonol. 


However, he still tapped his glabella twice as an act of caution. 
He swept the man with his Spirit Vision. 


No problems. He looks very healthy. His emotions are alright too. 
Mister, you need to keep this up... Klein retracted his gaze, turned 


around, and looked at the stall selling homemade amulets once 
again. 


The amulets were placed neatly before him. Some of them were 
made of pure silver, some with steel, others forged from gold. 


But only a few of the amulets had a weak aura emanating from 
them, some crimson, some pale white, some golden. 


This meant that some of them had weak traces of spirituality 
and were definitely effective to a certain extent! 


Klein looked at the amulets carefully and confirmed that the 
stall owner making the amulets had some foundation in 
mysticism. 


The stall owner did not make any mistakes matching the 
different energy sources to the different incantations. He was 
also extremely accurate at choosing the materials that 
corresponded to the different energy sources. 


Of course, a mere mysticism enthusiast would definitely make 
some mistakes. Klein noticed that the stall owner did not fully 
understand the incantations. One could not create an 
incantation simply by translating the content of the prayer into 
Hermes. The incantations had to follow a certain format that 
followed unique rules. 


The other problem was that the stall owner had made mistakes 
of varying degrees when he was choosing a suitable symbol for 
the energy sources. That explained why there were only two or 
three amulets releasing the faint light out of the dozens that 
were laid before him. 


As for how much of an effect the two to three amulets would 
have, Klein could only say that it was better than nothing. 


An amulet that was truly equipped with obvious effects needed 
the craftsman to release his spirituality from a blade while 
carving the incantations and symbols! 


If one wanted even better results, they would have to 
supplement it with ritualistic magic. 


And these two things were not something an ordinary person 
could achieve. 


Klein tapped his glabella twice, then pointed at the upper left 
corner of the stall with his black cane. 


“How much for these two?” 


He did not ask about the amulets that had a rudimentary colored 
aura, but half-completed items. Other than external shape, they 
had not been carved with incantations or symbols. 


To Klein, there was no reason to purchase the amulets that had 
weak effects. What he wanted to do was to transform the half- 
completed amulets into true amulets. 


Hmm, I'll make amulets that can protect a person from danger, 
one each for Benson and Melissa. As for my own, I can ask the 
Nighthawks to supply me with the ingredients... Man, I must have 
been influenced by Old Neil. I don’t feel any guilt when doing 
something like that... Klein’s mind wandered as he watched the 
stall owner pick up the half-completed silver amulets. 


The first silver amulet was elongated and had a cavity in the 
middle. Around it were patterns of angel-like feathers. The 
craftsmanship was intricate and was very beautiful. The other 
was simple, almost completely devoid of any additional 
decorations or carvings. It had a vertical line representing the 
night, and a circle representing the crimson moon. 


Klein, who paid much attention to appearances, took a liking to 
them immediately. 


“This is six soli,” the middle-aged stall owner said, pointing to 
the intricate amulet. He was a man of few words. 


After pausing for a while, he rubbed the simpler piece and said, 
“This is five soli three pence.” 


“That’s too expensive. They are still far from being an amulet.” 
Klein had slowly been influenced by Benson and Melissa, so he 
had begun cultivating the habit of haggling. 


After a battle of words, he bought the two silver accessories at 
five soli six pence and four soli nine pence respectively. 


Yeah, they can only be considered silver accessories for the time 
being... Klein had that in mind. 


The ten soli three pence was deducted from the reimbursement 
he received for his Divination Club membership. 


Klein received the two silver accessories and placed them into 
his pocket. He was about to head to another stall when he heard 
a gentle voice. 


“Sir, why are you not buying a completed amulet?” 


Klein turned his head over and found a teenage girl asking him 
the question. She was about fifteen years of age and wore a lacy 
yellow dress while holding onto a veiled hat with a ribbon. 


“It's because I intend to make my own amulets. As you know, 
that is the wish of every enthusiast of mysticism,” Klein minced 
his words and answered. 


He did not wish to make the stall owner think that he was trying 
to snatch his business, even though he had considered using his 
“skill” to earn a quick buck. 


The teenage girl had naturally curly brown hair, and her face 
was adorable due to her baby fat. She looked at Klein with her 
light blue eyes and asked sincerely, “Can I seek your advice on 
choosing an amulet? Well, I was introduced here by a friend. I’ve 
been here several times and have a deep interest in mysticism. 
But I still do not know too much about it, and she, my friend, is 
going to turn sixteen soon. I wish to select an amulet as a gift to 
her. I didn’t bring her along as I want it to be a surprise... I had 
previously sought her advice, but I cannot remember a lot of the 
critical points.” 


Klein gave a gentlemanly smile. 


“What kind of protection amulets are you looking for? 
Something to avert misfortune? Something to avoid illnesses? 
Something that gives fortune? Different requirements would 
require different energy sources which means that they must 
point to different gods. Different gods would have different 
corresponding constellations, and the different constellations 
would mean that different materials have to be used. 


“For example, the incantation for averting misfortune would 
belong to the Empress of Misfortune and Horror, who is the 
Evernight Goddess. As mysticism enthusiasts, we all know that 
the symbol of the Evernight Goddess is the moon. The 
corresponding metal would thus be pure silver. 


“Therefore, if we hope to avert misfortune, it is best that we 
choose an amulet that is made of pure silver and has the 
corresponding incantations.” 


We would also have to make sure that the incantations are of the 
correct language and format. The corresponding symbol of the 
Empress of Misfortune and Horror means the Path Number, the 
spell’s characteristic, and the relative positions of the symbols, 
etc, must also be correct... But this is too complicated, and there’s 
no need for me to explain this for you... Klein added inwardly. 


The girl’s eyes sparkled. She asked with a little doubt, “Can a 
follower of the Goddess wear an amulet belonging to another 
god?” 


“No problem. The gods do not mind such small matters,” Klein 
consoled her. 


It was not a problem for the person wearing the amulet, but the 
person creating the amulet had to be careful. If a believer of the 
Lord of Storms were to craft an amulet of the Eternal Blazing 
Sun, they would most likely receive something malicious. 


Of course, these referred to amulets requiring the aid of 
ritualistic magic. The craftsman need not pay much attention to 
this otherwise. 


The teenage girl heaved a sigh of relief. 


“I hope to get her an amulet for good health; which deity should I 
choose from? The Eternal Blazing Sun, Earth Mother, or the God 
of Knowledge and Wisdom?” 


“There should be no problem with the Eternal Blazing Sun and 
Earth Mother. The former is represented by the sun while the 
latter is represented by the Brown Planet.” Klein smiled as he 
said, “The material of the sun is gold, while the metal that 
symbolizes the Brown Planet is lead. I would suggest the sun, but 
I do not know if you brought enough money along with you.” 


The reason for his suggestion was because he had noticed that 
among the three amulets with a rudimentary spiritual glow, one 
of them was a health amulet that came under the domain of the 
sun. 


“Isn't this...” Before the teenage girl finished her sentence, she 
stopped and warily looked at the stall owner who was waiting 
silently. 


She thought for a moment before asking, “After I decide on the 
material, how should I distinguish the incantation and 
corresponding symbols?” 


“Do you know Hermes?” Klein asked instead. 


“I just started learning it,” the teenage girl replied, a little 
embarrassed. 


“Then let me choose it for you.” Klein pointed at the health 
amulet made of gold and said, “This one has no problems, be it 
in the incantations or the representing symbol.” 


The teenage girl lifted the edges of her dress and squatted in 
front of the amulet. She picked up the health amulet with 
designs of the sun’s rays around its edges. She felt as though the 
amulet was nourishing her, making her feel completely relaxed. 


“Thank you, thank you.” She stood up and curtsied in gratitude. 


Klein laughed and said, “Ill leave the rest to you and the stall 
owner. I have other things to tend to.” 


He looked at the stall owner as he spoke and noticed that the 
man had a weird look in his eyes, as if deciding if he had to give 
a cut of the profit to Klein. 


With a smile, Klein did not bother with the matter anymore. He 
continued touring the underground market, but he didn’t notice 
any true Beyonder ingredients. 


At this point, Old Neil had already paid off his debt. He was 
holding a dark colored wooden box in his hands. 


He pointed to the other room behind and said after he noticed 
Klein’s look of doubt, “Go there if you wish to buy or sell 
Beyonder ingredients. After all, no one wishes to let others know 
what extraordinary items they are purchasing.” 


“I understand.” Klein nodded as though in thought. 


There was no need for him to go there for the time being. He 
headed toward the exit of the underground market together with 
Old Neil. 


“How much for these elf flowers?” 


A query suddenly entered Klein’s ears. 


Elf flowers... That’s also an ingredient for the Spectator 
potion... Klein thought as he glanced sideways. He once again 
saw the refined bespectacled man. 


“What’s the matter?” Old Neil asked curiously. 


“Nothing much.” Klein retracted his gaze. 


Although he was a quasi-member of the Nighthawks, he did not 
feel that all Beyonders had to be absorbed by the Churches or 
locked up. He believed that it had to depend on the situation. 
Spectators definitely posed little danger to society or the 
kingdom, and the chances of losing control as a Sequence 9 were 
very slim. 


After leaving Evil Dragon Bar, Klein and Old Neil took a public 
carriage and left the harbor. They then split ways at the North 
Borough and headed back to their respective homes. 


The public transport steered into Daffodil Street and stopped by 
the side of the road. Klein was about to get off the carriage when 
he suddenly saw a young lady wearing a grayish-white dress 
about to board the carriage. 


This lady had smooth black hair, her face a little round. She had 
thin eyes and unassuming features. But paired together, she 


gave off the feeling that she was sweet and gentle. 


Klein noticed her not because of her beauty, but because he 
discovered that her body was shuddering slightly. It was an 
unnatural shudder. 


“Miss, are you alright?” Klein asked in concern. 


The young lady shook her head abruptly. 


“No, I-I am just too tired.” 


The people behind Klein were urging for him to get off, so Klein 
could only leave the carriage. 


When he found his footing, he paid attention to the situation 
from before again. He pinched his glabella twice, planning to 
determine if the lady was indeed alright. 


He had the intention of sending her to the hospital if she had a 
serious illness that was going to act up soon. 


Activating his Spirit Vision, the colors of the auras started to 
surface. Klein turned around and prepared to look at the sweet 
and gentle young lady. 


Chapter 70: 2-049’s Arrival 


Clip-clop, clip-clop. 


The horses widened their paces as the wheels began rolling in 
tow. Despite activating his Spirit Vision and turning around, 
hoping to observe the refined and sweet lady, Klein did not have 
his wishes fulfilled. All his eyes reflected were brown figures 
moving past him. 


Meanwhile, the passengers from the stop had already boarded 
the carriage. The carriage door was closed tightly as it gradually 
departed. 


Within the carriage, twenty to thirty people stood closely to each 
other, their energy fields overlapping and shielding each other. 
Hence, it was an explosion of colors in Klein’s vision, making it 
difficult for him to differentiate. 


He shook his head quietly and raised his finger to tap his 
glabella to deactivate his Spirit Vision. 


To him, it was simply help he could provide if he happened to 
chance upon it. However, if he were to miss it, and the situation 
was not especially clear, there was no point taking it to heart 
and delaying his own matters. 


While bathing in the crimson moonlight, Klein strolled back 
home on the still bustling Daffodil Street. He returned to see 
Melissa sitting beside the dining table. She was busy doing her 
homework under a bright gas lamp. 


She bit at the fountain pen and frowned, appearing deep in 
thought. 


“Where’s Benson?” Klein asked casually. 


“Ah...” Melissa looked up. She blanked out for a few seconds 
before saying, “He said he went around a few boroughs today 
and was covered in sweat. He’s taking a nice relaxing bath.” 


“Alright.” Klein chuckled. Suddenly, he realized that she was 
wearing a dress he had never seen before. 


It was entirely beige in color. It had fashionable engageantes. 
The collar and edges of her top had thin frills. Apart from that, it 
was a rather simple design, the type one wore as daily casual 
clothing. It fully accentuated the youth of a sixteen or seventeen- 
year-old. 


“New dress?” Klein asked with a smile. 


It was a purchase that he and Benson had insisted upon. 


Melissa answered in the affirmative tersely. 


“I just took it back from Mrs. Rochelle. I was thinking that since I 
had to wash it later, I might as well try it on first.” 


Klein was rather puzzled when he heard that. 


“Mrs. Rochelle?” 


Wasn't she our former neighbor? 


Melissa nodded and explained in all seriousness, “Mrs. Rochelle 
is actually a seamstress, but she was quite unlucky. She had no 
choice but to sew and mend clothes for others at home. She 
leads a pretty tough life. I knew that she had pretty good skill 
and the price she quoted is cheaper than at a women’s clothing 
store. Furthermore, it’s very well-tailored to my figure, so I 
ordered a new skirt from her. It only cost nine soli and five 
pence and took only a few days. A dress of a similar style would 
cost three halves of a pound at Harrods Department Store!” 


What a frugal girl... Sis, I know that at least half the reason is due 
to your pity of Mrs. Rochelle... Klein did not reproach Melissa for 
deciding things for herself. Instead, he said with a smile, “When 
did you go to Harrods?” 


That was at Howes Street, near the Divination Club. It was 
somewhere where the middle-class shopped. 


“ ” 
eee 


Melissa was momentarily at a loss for words. It took her a 
long while before she said, “It was Selena and Elizabeth. They 
insisted I accompany them. Actually, well—I actually prefer 
gears more. I like places with steam and machinery. Yeah.” 


“Its quite, well—nice for a girl to occasionally shop at a 
department store.” Klein laughed as he comforted his sister. 


After some idle talk, he briskly walked to the second floor, 
hoping to wash away the repulsive mixed smells from the bar. 


Just as he was about to return to his bedroom to get a change of 
clothes, he suddenly heard sounds coming from the bathroom 
close to the balcony. 


A few seconds later, Benson stepped out while drying his 
gradually receding hairline. 


“How was it? Did you compliment Melissa’s new dress?” He shot 
a glance at Klein and asked with a smile. 


“I guess I forgot. All I did was ask where it was done...” Klein 
thought for a moment as he said. 


Benson immediately chortled and shook his head. 


“How unbecoming of an elder brother. When Melissa received 
the dress, she couldn’t bear putting it down. After rushing to 
cook and wash the dishes, she immediately wore the dress and 
has refused to take it off ever since.” 


..Wasn’t she planning on changing after showering? She can 
wash and starch the clothes while doing so... Klein subconsciously 
refuted with the explanation that Melissa had given. 


“Tsk.” Benson sighed. “It’s been scorching the past few days. She 
was busy in the kitchen for a long time, so I believe she would 
feel much better doing her homework after a shower.” 


That’s right... Klein was suddenly enlightened as he gave his 
brother a knowing smile. 


So that’s what kind of person you are, Melissa... There’s nothing 
wrong with a girl caring for her appearance. There’s no need to 
find excuses... The corners of his mouth curved up as he shook 
his head gently before walking into his bedroom. 


While he was showering, Klein faintly heard knocking 
downstairs. He immediately wondered. 


Doesn’t the worker who’s in charge of collecting coins for the gas 
meter come only once every two weeks? 


Could it be Mrs. Shaud from next door? That can’t be. It’s said that 
this lady strictly abides by the etiquette of middle-class society. 
She would not visit at an inappropriate time. 


In his puzzlement, Klein wiped dry his body. Wearing old but 
comfortable shirt and trousers, he came down the stairs. 


He surveyed the area but did not notice any strangers. He asked, 
“Was someone at the door just now?” 


Benson, who was reading the newspapers casually, said with a 
smile, “It was Bitsch Mountbatten, one of the policemen in 
charge of Iron Cross Street. He asked if we met an eighteen or 
nineteen-year-old boy who has a rotund face. Heh, he even gave 
us a sketch to identify. Unfortunately, neither one of us have 
seen him, or we would have received a reward. What about you?” 


“Nope.” Klein had a general idea what was happening. 


Instigator Tris had successfully escaped the Evil Dragon Bar at 
the harbor. He had escaped somewhere close to Iron Cross Street 
and Daffodil Street; therefore, the police were making visits from 
door to door. 


And to go this far made it clear that the operation of nabbing the 
Instigator had completely failed! 


Klein did not bother himself with the situation. He had yet to 
begin combat training. He only had basic mastery of shooting, so 
to consider dealing with a natural ‘Assassin’ was simply using 
his life as a joke. 


He did not sleep well that night. He kept worrying that the 
Instigator would infiltrate their house to hide, causing another 
massacre. 


Thankfully, Daffodil Street was quiet the entire night, with the 
morning sun rays dispersing all the fog. 


The relaxed Klein changed into formal attire, wore his top hat, 
held his cane, and went all the way to Zouteland Street. He 
greeted Rozanne at the reception hall. 


“Good morning, Klein,” replied Rozanne happily. She suppressed 
her voice and said, “I heard the huge operation last night failed?” 


“The operation to nab Instigator Tris?” Klein asked in curiosity. 


“Yeah!” Rozanne nodded heavily. She shot a glance at the 
partition and said, “Apparently an informant of the Mandated 
Punishers discovered the Instigator at the harbor... They were 
planning on waiting for additional Beyonders and another 
Special Operations squad from the police to arrive before 
beginning the operation to do the deed instantly without 
alarming the commoners. Unfortunately, that Instigator was 
extremely sharp. He charged out of the encirclement when he 
noticed something amiss, successfully escaping as a result.” 


“At such times, they need a Beyonder with tracking abilities, 
such as me.” Klein made a joke. 


“There was no lack of trackers back then.” Dunn Smith’s voice 
suddenly sounded. 


Rozanne turned her head abruptly and saw the captain wearing 
his black trench coat. He was glaring right at her with his deep 
pair of gray eyes while leaning against the partition’s frame. 


She hurriedly raised her hands to cover her mouth. Then, she 
shook her head incessantly, expressing her futile innocence. 


Dunn turned his gaze to Klein and after some thought, he said, 
“There were a total of six Beyonders from the Mandated 
Punishers, the Machinery Hivemind, and us Nighthawks. We 
traced the injured Tris to Iron Cross Street’s Lower Street. We 
found his temporary residence, but the clues ended there. Be it 
Beyonder methods or ordinary investigations, nothing worked. It 
was as though he evaporated into thin air, disappearing 
completely.” 


“Do you need my help with divination?” Klein asked probingly. 


Dunn shook his head gently. 


“The Machinery Hivemind had a Mystery Pryer. He is a senior 
Beyonder as good as Old Neil. I even suspect that he’s already at 
Sequence 8. I’m just unaware what the name of the 
corresponding potion is.” 


“The Theosophy Orders heritage to this day must have 
something special about it,” consoled Klein. 


For the rest of the morning, he continued his mysticism 
curriculum, read the historical information and documents, and 


practiced various techniques just like always. 


With lunchtime almost approaching, Klein’s mind began to 
wander. 


Another few minutes later, he put away the documents, having 
heard the summoning of his stomach. 


At that moment, Dunn Smith came into the clerk office. He said 
in a deep but mild manner, “Klein, follow me to Chanis Gate. 
Sealed Artifact 2-049 has arrived. The subsequent operation 
might require your sensing of that notebook.” 


“Alright,” Klein got up and replied. 


His thoughts became scrambled. He imagined how the Sealed 
Artifact would look or if the operation would be dangerous. 


While in this rather tense silence, he followed Dunn down the 
stairs and into the tunnel. 


After going straight at the intersection, Dunn suddenly stopped 
and turned his head, saying sternly, “Do this action together 
with me. Keep doing it and absolutely do not stop. Remember, 
absolutely do not stop. This is for your own safety!” 


While speaking, Dunn bent his arm followed by extending it. He 
repeated this action without stopping. 


Klein looked at the captain demonstrate in a befuddled manner. 
Suddenly enlightened, he asked, “Has this got to do with the 
uniqueness of the Sealed Artifact?” 


“Yes.” Dunn nodded with abnormal seriousness. “Repeating such 
an action will allow us to discover if anything happens to you 
immediately. Saving you in time will not result in any life- 
threatening dangers.” 


“Okay.” Klein did not hesitate further as he began the repeated 
action of bending and extending his arm. 


“If your arm is sore, use the other one,” added Dunn. 


Sealed Artifact “2-049” sure is odd... What meaning does this 
action have? It seems very dangerous... These thoughts flashed 
past Klein’s mind as he looked solemnly at the captain. 


“alright.” 


He had too many questions on his mind, but since Chanis Gate 
was in sight, he had no choice but to bear with it. 


Besides, with my security clearance, Ill probably not learn of the 
details. I can only do as I’m ordered... Klein exhaled as he 
followed Captain Dunn to the Keeper room outside Chanis Gate. 


Chapter 71: Slugyish Phenomenon 


Klein repeatedly bent and extended his arm as he watched Dunn 
push open the Keeper’s room with his body sideways. 


The captain’s carefulness and high alertness, as well as the 
ridiculous and laughable “protective actions,” left him feeling 
abnormally tensed. The feeling was identical to what he felt 
when taking tests of courage that required him to walk through 
spooky cemeteries at night in his youth. 


A Grade 2 Sealed Artifact. Dangerous. To be used with care and 
moderation... It is something even a formal Nighthawk member 
does not know the details to... It is unknown how dangerous it is... 
Amid his tense nerves, Klein found it impossible to curb himself 
from overthinking. 


At that moment, his brain suddenly turned numb as though a 
power switch had been flicked off. 


Everything in Klein’s vision turned slow. Even his arm actions 
shared the same fate. 


He saw Captain Dunn stop in his tracks. He came close to him as 
though in slow motion, extending his palm out slowly before 
pushing him in the shoulder. 


Suddenly, Klein’s thought processes and vision were restored to 
normal at the same time. It was as though everything from 
before was just an illusion. 


“What happened?” he whispered amid his fright and confusion. 


Dunn shook his head and said in a deep voice, “Observe 
carefully.” 


The moment he finished his sentence, he turned around and 
walked into the Keeper’s room. Klein followed closely behind and 
saw four other people in the room; they were either seated or 
standing. 


One of them was the Midnight Poet, Leonard. The other three 
were people Klein had never met before. However, all of them 
shared a common trait. They were all doing the extending and 
bending arm “exercise” with utmost seriousness. 


“Klein Moretti has a miraculous connection with the Antigonus 
family’s notebook.” Dunn gave a brief introduction. 


Then, he pointed to the other three strangers and said, “These 
lady and gentlemen are colleagues from the Backlund diocese. 
They escorted Sealed Artifact 2-049 here. This is Madam Lorotta, 
Sequence 8 Gravedigger. She is a master sharpshooter.” 


At that moment, the black-haired woman who looked about 
thirty nodded at Klein in a friendly manner. 


She looked pretty good. She did not wear a hat and was dressed 
in what appeared like male attire—a black coat with a white 
shirt, tight black trousers and black leather boots. The corners of 
her mouth were slightly curved up. 


After Klein exchanged greetings, Dunn pointed to a man seated 
behind the desk. 


“Aiur Harson, someone just like me.” 


Before he finished his sentence, Klein saw Mr. Aiur Harson in his 
gray trench coat turn sluggish with his arm motion. It was as 
though a gear had lost its lubricant or a joint covered in rust. 


What’s wrong... Amid Klein’s daze, he saw Lorotta push Aiur 
Harson. Only then did the gentleman’s actions return to normal. 


Was I like that previously? Klein was first taken aback before he 
came to the realization. 


This indicated the dangers that Sealed Artifact 02-49 held! 


What would happen if one was not awoken in time? 


Would one become a zombie? 


Filled with questions, Klein greeted the charming middle-aged 
Aiur Harson. 


“Borgia,” Dunn said as he pointed to the last Nighthawk. 


Borgia was a cold man with a knife scar on the side of his face. 
His sharp brown eyes were like an eagle’s. He was constantly 
observing everyone in the room. 


“Let’s set off. The faster we end this, the faster we can seal 
2-049,” the handsome Aiur Harson said as he stood, his eyes 
revealing some wrinkles. 


So, where is 2-049? Klein surveyed his surroundings curiously 
but did not notice any traces of the Sealed Artifact. Of course, he 


could not see the areas obscured by the table without activating 
his Spirit Vision. 


“Alright,” Dunn turned and looked at Leonard Mitchell. “You'll be 
in charge of driving. It is best not to involve Cesare with matters 
like this.” 


Cesare was the clerk in charge of procuring and collecting 
supplies for the Tingen Nighthawks while standing in as a 
carriage driver. He was the one who drove Klein to Welch’s home 
to meet the Spirit Medium Daly. 


“No problem.” Leonard stopped acting frivolous and nodded 
seriously. 


At that moment, Klein saw Aiur Harson bending over. He picked 
up a black metal chest which had been obscured by the table. 


The chest was carved with resplendent stars and the crimson 
full moon. It was as though there was a formless barrier around 
the chest. 


The Sealed Artifact should be inside there? I wonder what 2-049 
looks like... Klein observed the chest curiously. 


Thump! 


Thump! Thump! 


Violent knocking sounds suddenly erupted from the black chest. 
Even the surface of the chest bulged time and time again. 


Thump! Thump! Thump! 


It was as though something horrifying had awakened within the 
chest and was pounding wildly. The sound of the knocking was 
beaten into the hearts of everyone present. 


It’s alive? Just as Klein had a thought, he saw Captain Dunn’s 
arm exercises turning sluggish, as if his joints were layered with 
glue. 


Borgia, the Nighthawk from Backlund, pushed Dunn’s shoulder, 
allowing him to recover. 


It’s like doing the robot dance when one is affected by 2-049... If all 
of us are under its influence, wouldn’t we be some awkward dance 
squad... Luckily, 2-049 seems capable of only influencing one 
person at a time... Klein lampooned to relax his tense nerves. He 
did not dare halt his arm exercises. 


He followed Dunn’s lead and left his cane behind. He then 
followed behind the five Nighthawks through the tunnel and up 
the stairs to the second floor of the Blackthorn Security 
Company. 


Leonard had gone ahead and notified everyone in the front of the 
buildings, so Rozanne and the rest had all made their way to the 
third level. These incidents rarely involved them, but they were 
not completely alien to them. Another Nighthawk, Kenley, had 
replaced Dunn in his watch over Chanis Gate. 


Klein heaved a sigh of relief when he reached the carriage. He 
looked suspiciously out the window and said, “Won't 2-049 affect 
the ordinary people on the streets?” 


From their journey underground to the carriage, Sealed Artifact 
2-049 had already caused six sluggish incidents, two of which 
were targeted at him. He had been jolted awake by Captain Dunn 
and Leonard Mitchell respectively. The rate of the sluggish effect 
was rather alarming! 


“No worries, 2-049 will target humanoid creatures within five 
meters of it first. The closer you are to it, the easier it is for you 
to be chosen. As long as there are three people surrounding it, 
people who happen to be around when the carriage steers past 
will not be affected,” the beautiful, black-haired lady Lorotta 
explained with a lazy tone. 


What a weird Sealed Artifact... Klein thought as he continued his 
arm exercises. 


Dunn and the rest of the Nighthawks did not speak on the 
journey to Ray Bieber’s house. They were paying close attention 
to each other’s condition. Only Lorotta wore a nonchalant look. 
At times, she took in the sights of Tingen’s not-so-clean streets, 
and at other times, she praised Backlund’s underground water 
system. 


Soon after, the familiar building finally entered Klein’s line of 
sight. The group of six made their way to the third level while 
observing each other. 


The door to Ray Bieber’s house was labeled with the Tingen Police 
Department’s symbol, indicating that entry was forbidden to 
unauthorized personnel. 


As Dunn did his stretching exercises, he took out a key. He 
opened the newly changed lock, then turned around, allowing 
Aiur Harson who was carrying the black chest to enter first. 


Thump! 


Thump! Thump! Thump! 


The Sealed Artifact in the black chest knocked violently once 
again, even more violent than before. This made Aiur Harson’s 
arm waver from side to side uncontrollably. It even made Klein 
suspect that the chest would be pounded open in time. 


Thump! Thump! Thump! 


Klein quickly noticed that Captain Dunn’s movements were 
becoming sluggish. He was about to wake him up when a buzz 
sounded in his brain. His brain became numb, the scenes before 
his eyes played as though they were in slow motion. 


Didn’t they say that... that it only affects one... person at a time... 
Klein’s thoughts quickly became sluggish. 


At this moment, the prepared Lorotta and Borgia woke each of 
them up respectively by pushing them. 


Having his thought processes and vision restored, Klein looked 
around with lingering fear. He nearly blurted out. 


“Didn’t you say that 2-049 can only affect one person at a time?” 


Thankfully, I did not stop my stretches! 


“When Sealed Artifact 2-049 enters its berserk mode, it can affect 
up to two people at once. We can confirm that Ray Bieber is 


indeed a descendant of the Antigonus family,” Aiur Harson said 
with a mechanical tone. 


Lorota let out a faint laugh. She looked at Klein and said, “2-049 
becomes very agitated when it meets a descendant of the 
Antigonus family, even if only their scent remains. Its abilities 
would also increase considerably. I believe you would be able to 
understand its feelings.” 


Well, I don’t... Klein asked curiously, “So, is it a living creature?” 


Lorotta smiled but did not reply him directly. 


“you'll know in a while. As long as Ray Bieber hasn’t escaped 
Tingen, 2-049 will lead us to him.” 


Klein could only put his other questions on hold as he walked 
around the room with the Nighthawks. 


Amid the loud and violent thumping from the chest, they locked 
the door, walked down the stairs, and returned to the carriage. 


Aiur Harson looked out the window several times and confirmed 
that there were no pedestrians within a five-meter radius of 
them. He then placed the black chest on the ground and twisted 
the mechanical switch to release its spiritual restraints. 


The violent thumping stopped suddenly, slipping the entire 
carriage into silence. Not even the breaths of the Nighthawks 
could be heard. 


Klein held his breath as the black chest opened slowly. A sharp 


creak that hurt his ears could be heard. 


Creak! 


The chest fell as a slender brown arm extended out of the chest. 
It was about the length of a child’s finger. 


Two arms pressed forward one after another as an object about 
the size a normal human being’s palm appeared bit by bit in 
front of Klein and company. 


It had clear elbow, finger, and knee joints. Covered in an oil- 
stained brown cloth, its face was painted with the colors of a 
clown—red and yellow. 


It was a wooden puppet with a weird appearance! 


2-049 lifted its head and looked at Klein with its pure black eyes. 


Its rigid mouth slowly parted to reveal a clown-like smile. 


Chapter 72: Tracking 


The wooden puppet’s face was painted in red and yellow like the 
common clown. The corners of its mouth were upturned high, 
revealing an abnormally comical smile. 


Its lips parted to reveal a dark and deep mouth. Klein, who had 
locked his gaze with it, felt his hair stand as intense horror 
leaped out of his heart in an uncontrollable manner. 


Everything before his eyes grew dull, as though he was looking 
at the world through a piece of thick brown glass. 


Klein’s thoughts slowed down gradually, and he instinctively 
wanted to ask for help, but his neck seemed to be held tight by a 
rope. He couldn’t make a single sound, and the single word was 
trapped in silence. 


Just then, Dunn noticed his arm exercises becoming sluggish 
and pushed him heavily. 


The brown glass before Klein’s eyes shattered in an instant. He 
blurted out the word “help” which had remained dormant in his 
throat. It reverberated within the carriage, with sharp panic. 


“It’s getting stronger,” Klein spoke in a very certain tone. 


Being next to a strange Sealed Artifact like 2-049 really placed on 
in terrifying peril if they were not careful. No, it was totally 
impossible to guard against it. It could only be avoided through 
other methods! 


“It’s normal,” Aiur Harson said steadily, nodding. 


Lorotta chuckled. 


“It seems to like you? Don’t worry. It is a relatively less 
dangerous Grade 2 Sealed Artifact.” 


In her naturally languid voice, the puppet whose joints clearly 
reflected a human’s stood up. It began tottering towards its left. 


Its action was incomprehensible, just like a steam engine that 
someone had rusted due to a lack of lubricating oil. 


Robot dance... Klein suddenly had the few Chinese words pop 
into his head. He had a new guess of the danger 2-049 posed. 


It assimilates the living things that it seizes control of? 


If 1am not woken up in time by the others, would I have become a 
human-sized puppet, a real-life Barbie doll? 


Just as thoughts flooded Klein, Aiur Harson was awoken by 
Dunn. He extended and bent his arms as he pointed in the 
direction that the puppet was walking slowly towards. He said to 
Leonard who was driving the carriage, “Over there!” 


Leonard couldn’t make the carriage pass through the building, so 
he had to detour. During the detour, 2-049 constantly adjusted 
the direction that it was facing. It acted like a compass that 
pointed towards the Antigonus family. 


Upon seeing the scene, Klein, who was constantly “exercising” 
his arms, nearly burst out laughing under the tension. 


I heard that 2-049 was created by the Antigonus family... Is this 
an act of loyalty or the perfect example of screwing things up? 


Leonard drove the carriage according to Aiur Harson’s occasional 
instructions. 


Whenever the strange puppet 2-049 walked to the edge of the 
carriage, Aiur Harson would pull it back and start it all over 
again. 


Every time that happened, its mouth would open and two people 
would be under its influence simultaneously. 


Klein’s taut feelings gradually began to relax. He realized that 
Sealed Artifact 2-049 was not as scary anymore. As long as there 
were more than three people present and they constantly 
maintained their arm motions, if they made sure to wake their 
partners in time, 2-049 was merely a puppet with slightly unique 
characteristics. 


The carriage traveled at high speed, and quickly arrived at the 
harbor, where warehouses were clustered. 


After circling a few times, they confirmed that 2-049 intended to 
enter the innermost grayish-white warehouse. Aiur Harson’s 
expression turned solemn. He grabbed the puppet carefully and 
stuffed it back into the black chest. 


Thump! Thump! Thump! 


Under constant ferocious knocking, Aiur woke up again and 
again with the help of Borgia and Lorotta as he activated the 
mechanism with great effort. He then injected his spirituality 
and activated the star and crimson symbols on the chest. 


At the reappearance of the formless seal, Aiur Harson let out a 
long heavy breath. 


“Let’s get down,” Dunn Smith said with a low and mild voice. 
“Leonard, tying the horse here will do.” 


Dressed in trench coats, suits, or shirts, the six left the carriage 
and walked into the innermost warehouse. As they walked, they 
uniformly stretched and bent their arms. 


This added a comical and ridiculous vibe to the rather tense 
situation. 


The Nighthawk Awkward Dance Squad... Klein could only 
complain inwardly to ease such a feeling. 


However, there was no other way around it. According to his 
observations, 2-049 first affected the upper body. Therefore, to 
detect it in time to prevent a more dangerous situation from 
developing, they only had the choice of extending and bending 
their arms, shake their necks or bodies. However, the latter only 
made one look like a hooligan. 


As for actions like blinking eyes and striking one’s eyebrows, 
they were either too easily ignored or the action was too big. 
Neither was a good option. 


This awkward dance squad is better than Causeway Bay [1] triad 


members... Klein sighed in resignation and followed Captain 
Dunn Smith and company. 


As they approached the warehouse’s door, the deeper his anxiety 
and worry became. 


No one knew what kind of effect the notebook had on Ray Bieber! 


If something dire happened, Klein did not dare pin his hopes on 
transmigrating again. 


Furthermore, he discovered that he could still be injured and 
bleed while chopping ingredients for dinner. The speed at which 
he recovered at was normal too. He wasn’t some kind of monster 
that was impervious to combat or death. 


As they walked, Dunn suddenly lowered his non-moving hand 
and made a pressing gesture to beckon everyone to stop ten 
meters away from the warehouse’s door. 


“Klein, divine if there is any danger in the warehouse. It’d be 
better if you could tell the level of danger,” Dunn said as he 
turned his head to Klein. 


His gray eyes looked deep as usual; there was no fear. 


Klein gave an unnoticeable nod and stopped the hand exercise. 
He extended his right hand to his left cuff and removed the silver 
chain that had a hanging piece of topaz. 


As he was still moving his arms, Dunn realized his sluggish 
actions in time and woke him up with a nudge. 


Klein held the silver chain with his left hand and allowed the 
topaz to hang down naturally. Simultaneously, he moved his 
right arm, but with a much smaller range of motion. 


When the topaz stabilized, he half closed his eyes, outlined the 
spherical light, and entered Cogitation. He then mumbled, 
“There’s danger in the warehouse.” 


“There’s danger in the warehouse.” 


After seven times, he opened his eyes and saw the hanging topaz 
slowly going in clockwise circles. 


It turned faster and faster, and in the end, Klein felt like it was 
pulling his left hand. 


“There’s danger, great danger,” Klein replied honestly. 


Clockwise meant affirmation to the chanted statement, while 
counter-clockwise meant denial. 


To other Beyonders, even a Mystery Pryer, using spirit dowsing 
could only determine if there was danger, but it was unable to 
obtain information regarding the level of danger. 


However, Klein discovered that when he used spirit dowsing, the 
pendulum would spin at different speeds, revealing the degree of 
the answer. 


Although it was not very accurate and extremely vague, it 
allowed one to have a rough assessment of the actual situation. 


As expected of a Seer potion... Klein was rather happy with the 
outcome. 


Just as he was about to put away the topaz pendulum, Leonard 
Mitchell, who had maintained his silence, suddenly spoke. 


“Divine if there is danger around us also.” 


Dunn nodded in agreement. “Yes, I am worried that the Secret 
Order will not give up and that it has placed Ray Bieber’s house 
under constant surveillance. They could have followed us here 
and could cause trouble at a critical moment.” 


Klein took a deep breath and entered a calm, ethereal state once 
again. 


When the silver chain turned stable once again, he recited in his 
heart, “There is danger surrounding us.” 


“There is danger surrounding us.” 


After repeating the statement, Klein opened his eyes and looked 
at the silver chain. 


In his dark brown eyes, the topaz pendulum first moved 
counterclockwise with difficulty. Then, it suddenly paused and 
started moving clockwise. 


“There is danger surrounding us.” Klein felt a tug on his 
heartstrings as he spoke carefully. 


Furthermore, someone had tried to intercept his divination, but 
had lost to him in the invisible fight! 


Just as he spoke, an orange-yellow fireball the size of a fist flew 
towards them. 


It came crashing towards the middle of the group with its 
blazing speed. 


Dunn Smith, who had already drawn his long-barreled revolver 
before Klein did his divination, immediately raised his hand, 
aimed, and pulled the trigger. 


Bang! 


The fireball didn’t seem to be affected by the gunshot but 
continued its original trajectory, as though it was forcing 
everyone to scatter from dodging. 


Klein originally thought nothing of the troublemaker who was 
following them. After all, there were six Beyonders present. They 
were not even short of Sequence 8 and Sequence 7 experts. It was 
a lineup that was practically unstoppable in a small city like 
Tingen. 


But when the fireball smashed down, he came to a sudden 
realization. 


To them, the most dangerous enemy was not the tracker nor the 
troublemaker, it wasn’t even Ray Bieber who was in the 
warehouse in an unknown state, but the Sealed Artifact 2-049! 


Once they dispersed and the battle began, they wouldn’t be able 
to wake each other in time. Then, they would turn into real-life 
puppets one after another! 


As these chaotic thoughts bombarded him, Klein was pulled by 
Leonard aside to dodge the fireball. 


Without the time to feel anguish for his clothing, he saw the 
Nighthawks split off into two groups while dodging. It was done 
very orderly. 


Poof! 


The orange-yellow fireball landed on the ground but didn’t stir 
one bit of dust. It disappeared as though nothing had happened. 


An illusion? Just as this thought came to him, Klein saw Aiur 
Harson lift the black chest and threw it least ten meters away. 


“Stay away from it! Watch it!” Aiur shouted. 


Before he finished his shout, Leonard and Borgia had separately 
approached it. They stood at least seven meters from the chest to 
prevent anyone from approaching. 


As for Dunn and Lorotta, they each held guns. They stood beside 
Aiur Harson who had drawn a thin silver sword. They took up a 
formation resembling a crescent as they rushed towards the 
origins of the fireball, while taking note of the peripheral 
regions. 


Upon seeing this scene, Klein, who needed to do the arm 
exercises without his cane, immediately heaved a sigh of relief. 
He realized he had overlooked an important matter. 


2-049 had a limited range of influence. As long as they were at a 
sufficient distance from it, they did not need to worry about the 
danger. 


Klein rolled over and stood up. He stuffed his topaz pendulum 
into his pocket with one hand while he reached into his holster 
for his revolver with the other. 


1. A location in Hong Kong. 


Chapter 72: First Battle 


Under the illumination of the afternoon sun, Klein in his dust- 
coated clothes quickly twisted his revolver’s barrel to remove his 
self-imposed safety. He went into a shooting stance, allowing the 
light to reflect from the brass body of the revolver. 


He held the revolver with one hand, and moved his other arm, 


cautiously paying attention to anything that could happen 
around him. 


At the same time, he was a little worried for Captain Dunn and 
Mr. Aiur Harson. After all, both were Nightmare Beyonders who 
specialized in influencing the enemy from the shadows. He did 
not know if they were adept at direct combat. 


Just as Klein was having these considerations, Aiur Harson 
slowed down, his expression becoming serene and peaceful. 


He opened his mouth and recited a peaceful poem, one that 
seemed to place a person into the night. 


“When once the sun sinks in the west, 
“And dewdrops pearl the evening’s breast; 
“Almost as pale as moonbeams are, 


“Or its companionable star, 


“The evening primrose opens anew 


“Its delicate blossoms to the dew; 


“And, hermit-like, shunning the light [1|” 


The recital reverberated around them. Klein nearly lost his tense 
feelings and completely relaxed. 


He was lucky that he had experienced something similar before 
and was not facing Aiur Harson. Thus, he quickly collected 
himself and entered a half-cogitative state to combat the 
influence of the poem. 


Phew... He let out a sigh of relief. He no longer had any doubts 
about Dunn’s and Aiur’s direct combat abilities. 


As he had only advanced recently and still did not have a deep 
understanding of Sequence potions, Klein had forgotten that the 
Sequence 7 Nightmare was the advancement of Sequence 8 
Midnight Poet. They could keep whatever abilities they had 
before and, in fact, enjoy a small increase in their abilities. 


The impression Klein had of Midnight Poets all came from 
Leonard Mitchell. He knew that this “job” inherited the unique 
traits of a Sleepless. They were good at combat, shooting, 
climbing, and sensing. They were also adept in influencing the 
living creatures around them through the use of various poems. 
In simpler terms, they were violent poets. 


While Aiur was reciting his poem, the large wooden crates 
stacked up around them seemed to suddenly ripple like water. A 
man wearing a black tuxedo and halved top hat appeared. 


But this man’s face was painted in three pastel colors—red, 
yellow, and white. The sides of his lips were arched high like a 
clown, forming a ridiculous contrast with his formal wear that 
was Suitable for joining an evening banquet. 


Thud! Thud! Thud! The black-haired Lorotta who had been 
introduced as a sharpshooter charged forward quickly. She had a 
gun in one hand and had clenched the other into a fist. She 
made it within inches of the suited clown in a few steps. 


The suited clown seemed to be affected by Aiur Harson’s poem. 
His body was swaying, and he had a peaceful expression in his 
eyes. He did not have any desire to retaliate. 


Lorotta tilted her body with a boxing maneuver as she pulled 
back her fist, then punched toward the suited clown’s face. 


Bang! 


The air crackled as the suited clown shattered suddenly like a 
mirror, pieces quickly evaporating and vanishing into thin air. 


At this moment, the suited clown quickly appeared once again in 
the shadows of the wooden crates a few steps away. The suited 
clown’s figure outline quickly appeared again. 


The person under the influence of the poem was only an 
illusion! It was a performance! 


The suited clown grinned again. It had a comical look as he 
pressed down on his halved top hat with one hand and pointed a 
finger gun with the other. 


Bang! 


The sound of a shot rang from the finger gun. Lorotta fell to the 
left and rolled on the floor, dodging the attack. 


But nothing had happened, except for the fake gunshot. 


Bang! Bang! Bang! 


Dunn and Aiur each lifted their guns and fired steadily. The 
suited clown dodged adeptly, sometimes to the right and left, 
sometimes rolling on the ground. It was as if he was an acrobat 
act in a circus. 


Suddenly, Lorotta surprisingly charged forward again. Despite 
being called a sharpshooter, she was still using her fists. 


Bam! 


The suited clown could not dodge the attack in time and could 
only lift his left arm to block the fist. 


Seeing the clown stop, Dunn and Aiur did not hesitate to each 
take aim and pulled the trigger. 


At this moment, the arm that the suited clown used to block 
Lorotta’s fist ignited with an orange-yellow flame. 


In an instant, the flame enveloped the suited clown and spread 
towards Lorotta. 


Bang! Bang! Dunn and Aiur fired their revolvers, hitting the ball 
of flame. 


The flames burned rapidly and soon, all that was left were black 
ashes floating in the sky. But the suited clown once again 
appeared behind the stack of wooden crates close by. 


He lifted his right hand and pointed a finger gun once again. 


Bang! 


Amid the illusory gunshot, Lorotta suddenly stopped in her 
tracks. She did not charge forward. Mud was splattering in front 
of her as a bullet appeared. 


The suited clown was no longer delivering an illusion with this 
strike! 


It was hard to discern real from fake, reality from illusion. 


Bang! Bang! Bang! 


The suited clown shot at Dunn and Aiur repeatedly while hiding 
away and appearing at random times. 


Upon seeing this, Lorotta squinted and lifted the dull gold 
revolver in her left hand. 


Bang! 


The suited clown suddenly squatted down, avoiding the fatal 
shot. His halved top hat was sent flying backward, falling to the 
ground. The bullet had left a visible scorch mark on the hat. 


After rolling a few times on the floor, the suited clown scaled the 
stacks of wooden crates with the agility of a monkey. He shot air 
bullets out of his finger gun from the high ground. 


Aiur Hanson took a few steps back and lowered his gun. He 
began his recital once again. 


“wastes its fair bloom upon the night, 


“who, blindfold to its fond caresses, 


“Knows not the beauty it possesses.” 


The suited clown jumped repeatedly between the crates. He 
suddenly raised his hand to scratch his ears and looked at Aiur 
with a comical smile. 


Could he have stuffed his ears? The Sequence potion that the Secret 
Order possesses sure is weird... Klein observed the fight from far 
away as he made silent guesses. 


Just as his thoughts flashed through him, he suddenly saw a 
figure appear at the top of a warehouse beside him. 


Furthermore, it was running straight inside where Ray Bieber 
was hiding. 


That figure was dressed in a grayish-white uniform, one which 
workers at the docks wore. His face also appeared to be painted 
red, yellow, and white. 


The suited clown is responsible for distracting Captain and the rest 
while the other person retrieved the diary? Klein instinctively 
raised his right hand and shot at the figure on the roof. 


He had just taken aim when the figure suddenly squatted, 
switching from running to rolling on the ground. 


Bang! 


Klein did not stop pulling the trigger. He saw the figure suddenly 
pause, blood blooming in a spurt. 


The figure looked at him in shock. While bearing the pain, he 
continued charging into the warehouse. 


That felt like a lucky shot... Klein twitched his lips and pulled the 
trigger once again. This time, the bullet hit the wooden roof 
beside the figure. 


Bang! Bang! Bang! 


Leonard and Borgia also shot but did not hit the figure. 


Klein wanted to criticize how terrible their shooting skills were 


as compared to his when he suddenly stopped pulling the 
trigger. 


That’s right! Why must we stop him? 


Didn’t I divine that there is grave danger in the warehouse just 
now? Wouldn’t it be great if we let that guy be the vanguard and 
step on the land mine for us? 


Leonard and that Mr. Borgia must have had the same idea... 


With this thought, Klein lifted the barrel of his revolver and shot 
at the sky. 


Bang! Bang! Bang! 


As the gunshots rang, the figure managed to reach the 
innermost region of the warehouse unobstructed. 


He lunged downwards, slamming into the roof as he fell down 
with the collapsing roof. 


Immediately following the commotion, the black-haired 
Lorotta’s eyes suddenly turned black. Her left hand began 
making a strange pulling action. 


The suited clown’s jumping actions suddenly came to a pause as 
his ankle seemed to be grasped tightly by an invisible hand. 


Dunn did not shoot immediately and instead pointed his 
revolver downward. 


He opened his mouth and by simply using his spirituality to 
resonate the air around him, he produced a strange, faint and 
ethereal voice without the use of his throat. 


“Thus it blooms on while night is by; 


“When day looks out with open eye, 


“Bashed at the gaze it cannot shun, 


“It faints and withers and is gone.” 


The suited clown suddenly became limp, as if he had lost the 
desire to live. 


Aiur Harson lifted his handgun and took aim, his finger pulling 
the trigger immediately. 


In that split second, there was an abnormal and tragic wail that 
came from the warehouse. 


“Ah " 


The cry contained immense fear as though he had encountered 
an unimaginably terrifying matter. 


The hair on Klein’s body stood on end. The tragic cries came to a 


sudden stop as silence was restored in the deepest parts of the 
warehouse. It was a skin-crawling silence. 


Bang! 


Affected by the cry, Aiur only managed to shoot the suited clown 
in the belly. 


Haaa... Haaa... Haaa! The silence was once again broken from 
the deepest depths of the warehouse. What should have been 
soft panting sounded. It reached a crescendo that tightened 
everyone’s nerves. 


Thump! Thump! Thump! Thump! Thump! Thump! 


Inside the black chest, 2-049 had reached a frenzied state. 


1. Adapted from John Clare’s Evening Primrose. 


Chapter 74: Ray Bieher 


Haa! Haa! Haa! 
Thump! Thump! Thump! 


The loud panting and the intense knocking alternated first 
before they resounded together. It made Klein and company 
extremely nervous, as though they were hearing some evil 
murmur. 


Taking advantage of the moment Aiur, Dunn and Lorotta had 
their attention redirected, the suited clown suddenly pulled out a 
long piece of paper from his pocket. 


Pa! He threw it with his right hand as the slip of paper ignited 
into a black fiery whip. Then, he lashed it towards the side of his 
ankle. 


A fleeting but tragic scream sounded as the suited clown escaped 
the invisible shackles and did a backflip. 


Bang! Bang! Bang! 


Dunn, Aiur, and Lorotta shot but their bullets only ended up 
hitting the wooden crates. 


The suited clown did not stay any longer as he pressed down on 
his wound with his right hand while escaping in a direction 
opposite the warehouse. 


He was so fast that in the blink of an eye, all that was left was a 
hint of his back. 


And before he vanished, his right hand which pressed down on 
his abdomen moved towards his left arm. The wound on his 
stomach had already vanished, looking completely fine. 


The location on his left arm which he touched with his right 
hand suddenly became badly mangled, and a silver bullet 
appeared in the torn flesh. 


Dunn and the rest didn’t chase after him because the panting 
from the innermost warehouse was so loud that it was making 
them nervous and insecure. 


Bang! 


The door of the innermost warehouse suddenly exploded and 
flew in all directions. 


Then, something wrapped with a torn cloth flew out and landed 
not far from Klein. 


When Klein cast his gaze over, he realized that it was an arm. Its 
bloody flesh had been chewed on and its white bones were 
cracked in an irregular fashion as they jutted out 


Pa! Pa! Pa! 


One item after another flew out. First it was a spray of blood, 
followed by a dilated eye and an ear which had been ripped out 
brutally. Finally, half a beating heart and intestines filled with 


yellowish-brown objects came out. 


If Klein had not seen the more gruesome giant cadaver at Ray 
Bieber’s place, he would have probably vomited there and then. 


His nerves were on the brink of a breakdown. After a great deal 
of effort to hold back his urge to shoot into the pitch-black 
entrance, he ejected the empty shells from his revolver and 
reloaded with new demon hunting bullets. 


Bang! 


Dunn drew close as he stably shot into the warehouse. 


However, his bullet was like a shot into the sea. There was no 
audible response. 


Haa! Haa! Haa! 


The loud panting sped up as grayish-white colors filled the 
opened door. 


With another two loud shots, Aiur Harson’s and Borgia’s bullets 
tore through the whiteness, but failed to prevent the “color” from 
spilling outwards. It did not leave any wounds or cause liquid to 
seep out. 


Klein held his breath and kept himself from shooting blindly. He 
watched as the whiteness slowly revealed a complete outline. 


It was a humanoid creature more than two meters tall. Its limb 


joints were all unnaturally twisted. It was as though they had 
been snapped by someone forcefully. 


White bones poked out from under its skin as the entire grayish- 
white surface was filled with gullies, like a human brain that 
had been stripped from its shell. 


The monster had grayish-white, rotting, sticky liquid flowing all 
over it. Its head looked relatively normal, with deep wrinkles 
and pale skin. 


As it opened and closed its mouth, Klein could see a porcelain 
false tooth that looked close to falling out, a few strands of 
bloody saliva, and bone and flesh that had been minced. 


Was... Ray Bieber still even f**king human? Klein drew a silent 
gasp as he felt his heart pound rapidly. 


Bang! 


Leonard’s demon hunting bullet hit Ray Bieber’s forehead and 
tore right through it, leaving behind a deep hole. 


Grayish-white liquid flowed out and dripped onto the ground. 
The liquid wriggled and turned into fat cream-colored maggots. 


But the monster appeared completely unaffected. It was neither 
fast nor slow when it pounced at Borgia who was closest to it. Its 
actual target appeared to be the black chest that contained 
Sealed Artifact 2-049. 


“Loss of control of Beyonder powers...” Dunn shouted in a deep 


voice. “Lorotta, it looks like a dead soul, so quickly look for its 
weakness!” 


“Alright.” Lorotta did not speak further as she raised her hands to 
press down on her eyes. 


Her pupils turned gray then colorless, as though she had entered 
the world of spirits and a kingdom of dead souls. She looked 
down at the enemy from a higher vantage point as she searched 
for a “node.” 


Klein saw that a normal gunshot was ineffective, so he did not 
bother wasting more of his bullets. He lifted his hand to tap at 
his glabella to activate his Spirit Vision. He planned on helping 
Gravedigger Lorotta. 


From his vision, Monster Bieber only had one kind of spiritual 
glow left. It was purely grayish-white, a whiteness filled with 
craziness. 


Apart from that, Klein saw nothing else. 


At that moment, Aiur Harson and Leonard Mitchell sang 
simultaneously. 


“Oh, the threat of horror, the hope of crimson cries! 


“One thing at least is certain—that this Life flies; 


“One thing is certain, and the rest is Lies; 


“The Flower that once has bloomed forever dies...” 


The power that allowed one to enter a peaceful slumber 
emanated. The twisted grayish-white monster gradually slowed 
down as though it could not fight against the charm of the 
poem. 


Then, it opened its mouth and let out a shrill cry that ordinary 
people were deaf to. 


“Ah ’” 


Bang! Klein felt a sharp pain in his head as he automatically 
exited his Spirit Vision state. 


He felt warm liquid flowing out of his nose, and when he 
subconsciously wiped it with his hand, he discovered the back of 
his hand covered in blood. 


Aiur and Leonard fell back to the ground at the same time. They 
had blood stains lining the corners of their lips, noses, and eyes. 


Borgia, Dunn, and Lorotta each took a step or two back, the color 
in their face draining. 


That monster only screamed once, but it appeared to exceed 
what the six Beyonders could withstand. They instantly turned 


extremely weak. 


Bam! 


It closed in on Borgia and suddenly swung its twisted joint. 


Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! 


Borgia and Dunn shot twice each, but they didn’t cause any 
damage to Monster Bieber. 


Bang! A blow sent Borgia flying out as his long-barreled revolver 
fell to the ground. 


He tried to stand up a few times, but failed to do so. 


The corner of Monster Bieber’s mouth had stringy liquid oozing 
out as it leaped towards the black chest. 


Bang! 


At that crucial moment, Aiur Harson shot a bullet at the box to 
knock it some distance away, preventing Monster Bieber from 
grabbing it. Its momentum brought it forward by more than ten 
meters. 


The black chest cracked and as the thumping within turned 
more intense it grew more obvious. 


“Found it!” The black-haired Lorotta finally spoke. “I need you to 
control it for at least three seconds.” 


“Alright.” Dunn didn’t delay any further. He extended his hand to 
tap his glabella and closed his eyes. 


He seemed to fall asleep as shapeless waves slowly rippled out 
one after another. 


In that instant, Monster Bieber paused and the craziness in its 
eyes quickly receded. Its thin transparent eyelids began to close 
uncontrollably as well. 


Dunn’s body started quivering, and something popped up under 
his clothing and wriggled on the spot. It was as though he hid 
slippery scaleless snakes within. 


Lorotta rushed over and with a roll, arrived under Monster 
Bieber. 


She supported herself with one hand while raising a clenched 
fist, bombarding Monster Bieber’s crotch like artillery. 


Poof! 


She ignored the corrosive pain but supported herself against the 
ground and directed more strength once again. She went higher 
a little as her fist drilled deeper in. 


Rip! Lorotta pulled out her forearm as she dragged out an 
intestine filled with brownish-yellow blood stains. 


In the intestine, there was an ancient notebook. 


“Ah ’” 


Monster Bieber let out a blood-curdling scream, and his body 
suddenly lit up as though it was melting. 


“Get down!” 


Just as Aiur Harson’s hurried shout ended, Klein saw Monster 
Bieber suddenly swell up. 


Boom! 


Amid a loud explosion, the distant Klein was tossed into the air 
by the shockwave and landed heavily. 


He struggled to stand against a swirling headache, and he saw 
Monster Bieber turn into a pile of disgusting, rotting flesh. Then 
he saw Dunn and Lorotta, who were a dozen meters away, 
looking like they had been knocked out. 


Aiur Harson, Borgia, and Leonard Mitchell were on the ground 
too. Some groaning in pain, some struggling to stand up but 
failing. 


Klein was just about to relax when he suddenly saw a familiar 
object about two or three meters away from him. 


The black chest had stopped rolling, and the cracked surface was 
facing the sky. 


A skinny brown arm extended out. 


Sealed Artifact... 2-049... F**k! Klein’s heart tensed up as he 
immediately leaped in the opposite direction in a bid to escape 
2-049’s effective range. 


The blast from before had thrown the black chest near him! 


And at that moment, Klein’s head suddenly buzzed as his 
thoughts turned sluggish. 


Chapter 75: Saving Himself 


Oh no! I’ve been controlled by the puppet! 


Captain and company are either unconscious... or have yet to 
recover. They can’t even get up... They will not be able to... wake 
me up in time... 


No... I have to... save myself! 


Everything before Klein’s eyes was happening in slow motion. All 
his joints and his brain seemed to have been coated with an 
ever-thickening layer of glue. 


He had no interest in becoming a human-version puppet, so he 
seized the opportunity of not being fully controlled by trying his 
best to seek a way to save himself. 


I definitely can’t... hit myself... There must be an... external force... 


External force... I'll give it a try... There’s no time for 
hesitation... Without the luxury of time to think through things, 
Klein came to an idea in less than three seconds. He moved his 
“rusty” knee joint and took a counterclockwise step. 


At the same time, he did not try to escape the invisible rope that 
“hung” around his throat. All he did was recite inwardly. 


The... Immortal Lord of... Heaven and Earth... for Blessings... 


He wanted to use the mysterious world above the gray fog to 
awaken him and escape Sealed Artifact 2-049’s assimilation! 


Creak! Creak! Creak! Klein’s knees and ankles let out an involved 
ear-piercing sound. With a slow contorted step, he took another 
step counterclockwise. 


From The Sky Lord... of Heaven and Earth... for Blessings... 


Klein’s thoughts turned increasingly sluggish as he felt as 
though he was a computer that had all sorts of bloatware and 
every antivirus software installed. He lifted his left foot in a jerky 
manner as he took another step in the required spot. 


The... Exalted Thearch... 


Klein’s thought processes turned more and more rigid and 
sluggish. He took the final step purely out of instinct. 


At that point, he knew he was almost fully under the puppet’s 
control. Even if Aiur Harson could get up in time to save him, he 
would probably be unable to be awakened. 


But his strong desire to live made him chant the final line of the 
incantation. 


The... Celestial... Worthy... 


Just as he finished his incantation, the extremely chaotic and 
hysterical shouts and murmurs sounded. They quickly took over 
every corner of Klein’s sluggish thoughts, shattering them in the 
process and reducing them to thoughts he had no control over. 


Klein’s brain became a boiling pot of potpourri as his stiff body 
turned light while his spirituality lifted. 


Endless grayish-white fog and the dark red stars of varying 
distances appeared once again before his eyes. It was vast, 
mysterious, vague, and blurry. 


Klein’s confused mind quickly settled down as he finally 
regained his ability to think, only to see the magnificent palace. 


“Phew... Thankfully, it worked.” he whispered with a lingering 
fear. 


According to his previous observations, he knew that once 
someone fell under the control of Sealed Artifact 2-049, it was 
equivalent to death. Normally, there was no medicine that could 
save the victim. 


Luckily, his luck enhancement ritual and the mysterious world 
above the gray fog was not considered normal at all! 


After pacing a few times, Klein began considering the situation 
he was in. 


I can’t just stay here the entire time, right? 


By the time Captain and company wakes up and gathers over, I 
won't be able to explain the situation... 


As things are right now, I only have the shell of my body, nothing 
more zombielike than a zombie... 


But if I were to take the risk and return, there’s no way to 
guarantee my safety... What if I get controlled by 2-049 again? 


While suffering from his dilemma, Klein suddenly smacked 
himself in the forehead and could not help but chuckle softly. 


“It looks like I haven’t gotten used to my status as a Seer!” 


Before he finished his sentence, he appeared at the seat of honor 
in front of the long bronze table, sitting on the high-back chair 
with the strange symbol. 


Klein extended his hand as a fountain pen appeared out of thin 
air. 


He scribbled a sentence on an illusory piece of paper. 
“Returning to the real world is very safe.” 


Immediately following that, Klein pulled out a projection of a 
spirit pendulum from his packet. After a few Gatherings, he 
discovered that the items he brought on him were projected 
above the gray fog, but they were relatively illusory. 


Klein held the silver chain with his left hand as he allowed the 
topaz to nearly touch the paper. 


He calmed his breathing and half closed his eyes. He calmly 
repeated the words on the piece of paper. 


“Returning to the real world is very safe.” 


“Returning to the real world is very safe.” 


After repeating it seven times, Klein completed the divination 
with spirit dowsing. 


He opened his eyes and saw the topaz slowly oscillating, guiding 
the silver chain in a clockwise spin. 


Clockwise is an affirmation while counterclockwise is negative... 
Returning to the real world is very safe... Klein heaved a sigh of 
relief as he habitually stored the chain away. Then, he released 
his spirituality and wrapped his body as he simulated a 
plummeting state. 


The hazy fog and deep red stars turned ethereal and charged 
upward. Klein soon saw himself still in a daze in his original 
position. He saw the brown puppet, halfway out of the chest. He 
also noticed that the Sealed Artifact had apparently stopped all 
motion. 


His physical senses reached to his brain and just as he was about 
to try to move his arm to determine his condition, he suddenly 
heard a voice concealed within the wind. 


“Do you wish to be awakened? You can be saved as long as you 
promise me one thing. 


“This one thing is to help me take that Antigonus family 
notebook. 


“Nod if you agree. I know you are still capable of completing that 
action.” 


Who is it? Yes... 2-049 doesn’t seem like it’s attempting to control 
me... That’s right. It will not repeatedly influence the same person. 
There will be a break... Klein was shocked, but he did not show it 
on his face. 


At that moment, the voice added quickly, “You can obtain 
additional rewards if you complete this matter. I know you are a 
Seer. I also know that the Church of Evernight does not have 
Sequence 8 that succeeds Sequence 9. But our Secret Order can 
give it to you. 


“Heh, to be honest, I was a Seer before. If not, I wouldn’t have 
dared return. To show you my sincerity, I can now tell you that 
the corresponding Sequence 8 of Seer is Clown.” 


Clown? Secret Order... Klein nearly did not maintain his “puppet” 
state. 


He never made the connection between Seer and Clown. 


Were they about to become the head honchos of a circus? 


“Alright, make your choice. Believe me, you no longer have much 
time left to waste.” The voice sounded with the wind again. The 
distant Dunn and Lorotta were still unconscious. Borgia seemed 
heavily injured as he moaned without moving. Aiur Harson and 
Leonard Mitchell were in relatively good shape as they attempted 


to sit up. 


Why me? The Secret Order... Is it that suited clown from before? 
After he escaped, he secretly returned in a bid to fish in troubled 
waters... Upon hearing the voice, all sorts of doubts instantly 
flashed through Klein’s mind. 


Since the person said that he was a Seer, Klein attempted using 
the thought processes of a Seer to analyze the situation. 


He dared return because he divined ‘hope.’ He believed that 
Monster Bieber would be destroyed and that we would suffer a 
heavy setback. 


He did not take the notebook by himself or deal with us directly 
because he likely divined that it would contain immense risk. 
Therefore, he is suspecting Captain and Madam Lorotta are 
feigning their unconsciousness, or that this is a trap laid out for 
him. 


He did not make further divinations to determine my present state 
partially because firstly, he might not have the time. If he waited 
any longer, Mr. Aiur Harson and company would have regained 
some of their combat strength. Secondly, he belittles me and 
thinks it unnecessary. 


He understands a Seer very well and is confident that I’m unable 
to escape the puppet’s control... He is using me as cannon fodder 
to probe for any traps... 


From another angle, this also means that the luck enhancement 
ritual does not cause any abnormal appearances... 


With his brain no longer sluggish, Klein felt that his line of 
reasoning was clear. He was quite confident of the thoughts and 
goals of the suited clown. 


As for the clown’s promise, he believed not one bit of it. Cannon 
fodder did not have any human rights! 


As the thoughts flashed through his head, Klein controlled his 
neck and difficulty nodded. 


As he did this action, he confirmed that he had escaped the 
control of Sealed Artifact 2-049. 


Just after he nodded, a transparent “curtain” stirred two to three 
meters to his side. It revealed the suited clown who had his face 
painted with a clown’s pastel colors. It was none other than the 
Secret Order member who had fled previously. 


At that moment, as Klein had previously turned around in an 
attempt to leap out of 2-049’s effective range, his back was facing 
the black chest and the puppet. The suited clown was in front of 
him to his side. First, it was to stay away from the Sealed Artifact 
and second, to avoid his revolver’s barrel. It was clear that he 
was very careful. 


The suited clown pulled out a long paper slip from his pocket 
and shook it vigorously until it turned straight like a wooden 
pole. 


He held the wooden pole and at a distance of two to three 
meters, he gave Klein’s shoulder a prod in an attempt to wake 
him. 


This fellow knows 2-049 very well. He knows that if the scent of an 
Antigonus family descendant is present, the puppet would go 
ballistic and control two at a time... He also knows that throwing 
a rock doesn’t seem effective. At the very least, I’ve seen Captain 
and company attempt similar means... Although Klein did not 
know why 2-049 had stopped assimilating him again, he did not 
dare stay within five meters of it any longer. Therefore, he 
waited as he held his breath. 


Just as the wooden pole was about to touch his shoulder, Klein 
suddenly raised his left hand and grabbed the edge of the pole 
and yanked it backwards. 


The suited clown was caught by surprise as his body was pulled 
forward. He staggered a few steps forward as the gap between 
him and klein contracted once again. He was now less than two 
meters away. 


At the same time, the prepared Klein squeezed his right finger on 
the revolver’s trigger. 


Bang! Bang! 


He shot twice but did not aim at the suited clown. Instead, he 
had aimed behind him, shooting to the side of Sealed Artifact 
2-049! 


Before the gunshot rang, the suited clown had taken the 
initiative to roll from his staggering state. He had instinctively 
backed off. 


Klein released his hand which had grabbed the wooden pole as 
he took several steps away rapidly and rushed out the danger 
zone. 


Just as the suited clown rolled twice and was about to jump 
backwards, his head went abuzz as his thoughts rapidly turned 
sluggish. 


No good! 


He forced me to... dodge in the direction of the Antigonus puppet! 


I’m within... five meters... 


How could he... not be... controlled by... the Antigonus... puppet... 


The suited clown stopped from his rolling as he attempted to 
crawl out with his seemingly rusty joints. 


At that moment, Klein had already turned around. He held his 
revolver with both hands as he aimed at the slowly-moving 
target. 


To him, that was equivalent to shooting a fixed target. 


Having seen the suited clown’s battle with Dunn, Aiur, and 
Lorotta, Klein knew that he was agile and good at rolling. 
Therefore, even when they were just a meter or two apart, he 
had carefully given up on shooting directly. Instead, he forced 
the clown to dodge to the “kill zone” he imagined—where Sealed 
Artifact 2-049 was! 


If the puppet had been ineffective, the suited clown would have 


determined that he had fallen into a trap. He would then escape 
by leaping backwards and not pose any significant threat. 


Bang! 


Reflected into the indescribable eyes of the suited clown, the 
black-suited Klein pulled the trigger calmly. 


Chapter 76: Dealing With The Aftermath 


Bang! 


The silver bullet traversed the short distance of a few meters and 
accurately bore into the suited clown’s neck. Large amounts of 
blood spewed out, dyeing his skin and bow tie red. 


The suited clown was unable to let out a cry as his throat seemed 
to produce sounds of him gasping for breath. He wished to raise 
his arm to divert the fatal wound, but his joints appeared to be 
filled with glue. His motions were slow and jerky. 


Bang! 


Having entered a half-Cogitation state, Klein was not stunned by 
the appearance of blood. He pulled the trigger once again calmly, 
as though it was his usual daily practice. 


A grisly hole appeared on the suited clown’s forehead as crimson 
red spewed out. The luster in his eyes dimmed as the intricate 
revolver’s might was far higher than what Klein had imagined to 
be. 


As his knees buckled and his arms hung down, the suited clown 
gradually fell to the ground. His eyes were frozen with a dazed 
look. 


His body convulsed a few times before it slowly relaxed and 
stopped moving. 


Having delivered a headshot, Klein turned around in a cool 
manner. He spun his revolver and allowed the empty shells to 
fall down. 


Then, dressed in his black formal suit and halved top hat, he 
walked towards Aiur Harson. He pulled out the final silver 
demon hunting bullet in his pocket and inserted it into the 
revolver’s chamber. 


The reason why he did not turn back to look at the suited clown’s 
tragic fate was solely because of his discomfort with his first kill. 
However, it was necessary. He did not know what would happen 
if the suited clown was under the full control of the puppet. 


Furthermore, he did not dare risk entering Sealed Artifact 2-049’s 
effective range. After all, no one knew if something odd would 
happen that prevented his self-rescuing luck enhancement 
ritual to fail. 


As for the items on the suited clown, Klein only cared if there 
was the so-called Clown potion formula or the relevant clues. 
However, this was not something he was in a hurry to carry out. 
In a while, he could do it together with Dunn, Aiur, and 
company. If the Nighthawks had it, it also practically meant that 
he had it. There was no way that they would be unwilling to 
share the potion formula of Sequence 8. At most, he would be 
required to accumulate his contributions over time. After all, he 
had only become a Seer recently; it would still be a long time 
until he fully digested it. 


As his thoughts churned, Klein quickly walked next to Aiur 
Harson. The gentleman in his gray trench coat struggled to sit up 
but failed at every try. He was covered in dust and mud from the 
fall. 


“Mr. Harson, what do you need me to do?” he asked, squatting 


down. He pointed the revolver in his hand at the ground in case 
of a misfire. 


Aiur gasped for air and sighed. 


“The monster was too strong; if not for its weakness...” 


Then, he pointed at a sky-blue metal bottle beside him and said 
in a self-deprecating laugh, “I was trying to consume some 
medicine, but my hand shook...” 


The sky-blue bottle was about the size of Klein’s finger. It was not 
longer than five centimeters long and a cap that hid spiral 
patterns had fallen to the side. The liquid had completely spilled. 


Klein reached out to pick up the bottle. As he looked at it with 
narrowed eyes, he answered helplessly, “Mr. Harson, there are 
only a few drops left in the bottle.” 


“Go to... Borgia and search his body. In his inner pockets.” Aiur 
said as he gasped for breath. 


“Alright.” Klein stood up and casually asked, “Is this restorative 
medicine?” 


An item from mysticism? 


“No, it only has certain restorative effects. The main goal is to 
stimulate our minds and squeeze out the potential... of our 
bodies. It allows to maintain a decent state for a short period of 
time until we return, where we can receive treatment.” Aiur 
attempted to sit up only to fail again. “It’s name is the Goddess’s 


Gaze... Remember to let Borgia drink half a bottle.” 


Klein did not delay any further as he turned around. He briskly 
arrived at Borgia who was groaning in pain. He found the 
uniform sky-blue metal bottle from the Nighthawk’s pocket. 


After removing the cap, he carefully held the bottle to Borgia’s 
mouth. 


Having sensed it, Borgia tried hard to open his lips. 


The bottle was held up as dark red liquid flowed in Borgia’s 
mouth. 


Klein estimated the quantity and stopped just in time. He then 
screwed the cap back on. 


The medicine was rather effective. It only took Borgia a few 
seconds after drinking to regain the spirit in his eyes. 
Furthermore, he whispered, “Thank you.” 


With that said, he pressed down on the ground as he slowly sat 
up. He first dealt with his wounds before walking to the 
unconscious Lorotta and Dunn. Then, he retrieved the Goddess’s 
Gaze from the latter’s inner pocket. 


Klein returned to Aiur’s side and fed him the remaining half 
bottle. 


After Aiur panted a few times, his actions suddenly became 
nimbler. He stood up as though he had never been injured. 


“Tll help Borgia. Help that partner of yours.” The gentleman with 
the charm of a middle-aged man pointed at Leonard Mitchell. 


Klein had no objections to it. He turned around and jogged to the 
“poet,” Leonard. 


“There’s no need. I can drink it by myself.” Leonard, with his 
disheveled hair, smiled as he raised the sky-blue bottle. 


Upon seeing Leonard agilely get up by pushing up with one hand, 
Klein, who wanted to lampoon, was suddenly stunned. 


Leonard’s injuries are lighter than I expected... 


He had the ability to consume the medicine from the very 
beginning! 


That also means that he could see me walk counterclockwise as I 
did the luck enhancement ritual! 


No, that’s still alright. I had chanted inwardly and the luck 
enhancement ritual does not appear odd in any way, or the suited 
clown would not have fallen for it... 


But even so, Leonard, who had long recovered but chose to watch 
by the sidelines, had seen quite a lot. Things like me not being 
affected by 2-049 and my sneak attack on the suited clown... 


Just as Klein’s eyes narrowed slightly, Leonard, who was walking 
in his direction, stopped beside him and chuckled softly. 


“I actually wanted to save you but discovered that you didn’t 
need it. 


“Don’t mind it. There are many special people in this world that 
can always do things others can’t, such as you...” 


“..and me.” Leonard smiled as he went past Klein and walked to 
the awakening Dunn and Lorotta. 


Narcissist... Klein thought silently as he felt a lot more relaxed. 


From the looks of it, Leonard Mitchell hid quite a bit of secrets... 
As he regrouped with the rest while deep in thought, he saw 
Captain Dunn wear a glove and pick up the Antigonus family 
notebook that was covered in yellowish-brown blood stains. 


The notebook’s cover was completely made of thick black paper. 
It suffused an aura from an ancient and distant time without 
any signs of softening or rotting. It was nearly identical to the 
one he saw in his dream. He even suspected that flipping it open 
would only make him see the Fool wearing splendid headgear. 


However, he soon realized that he was overthinking things since 
Dunn had flipped open the notebook to make a final 
confirmation. 


Klein was unable to discern the words on it due to his poor 
angle, but he was certain that there was no drawing of the Fool 
with his gorgeous clothes and splendid headdress. 


“Ahem. There’s nothing wrong with it.” Dunn closed the 
notebook and held it securely. Then, he looked at Aiur and 
company. “Let’s store this notebook and Sealed Artifact 2-049 


behind Tingen’s Chanis Gate. We can wait until all of you are 
recovered or Backlund sends someone over.” 


Upon hearing that, Klein felt a little disappointed once again, but 
also felt happy. He wished to see the Antigonus family’s 
notebook once more and figure out the reason for the death of 
the original Klein, Welch, and Naya. However, he also felt that 
the ancient item was filled with misfortune. It often brought 
catastrophe, so he did not dare touch it. 


Handing it to the Church’s headquarters and sealing it is 
considered the best choice... He secretly heaved a sigh of relief. 


“Alright.” Aiur Harson, Borgia, and Lorotta nodded in unison. 
They then turned around and arrived beside Sealed Artifact 
2-049. 


They woke each other up and stuffed the puppet which had 
resumed moving into the black chest with an opening as they 
monitored it strictly. 


“Everything is back to normal.” Aiur sounded a little more 
relaxed. 


Inside the dimly lit black chest, the puppet wrapped in oil- 
stained cloth flipped over with its body creaking as it aligned its 
clown-painted face with the light source. 


On the creepy face, under the black pupil-less eyes, two hardly 
noticeable crimson cracks appeared. 


Meanwhile, Dunn, Leonard, and Klein, who had mustered his 
courage, began searching the suited clown’s corpse. They found 


paper flowers, handkerchiefs, poker cards, glass pieces, and all 
sorts of strange items. 


However, apart from that, he did not seem to carry anything of 
worth or potential clues. 


Hmm, other than the wallet with seventy to eighty pounds and ten 
plus soli... Klein secretly sighed. 


With money in mind, he immediately looked down and 
inspected himself. His face nearly fell literally. 


His formal suit that cost several pounds had torn in five to six 
spots which required mending due to his rolling on the ground. 
Furthermore, it was covered in dust and dirt stains. 


Dunn shot him a glance as the corner of his lips curved up. 


“Losses during a mission can be reimbursed.” 


Reimbursed... Upon hearing the term “invented” by Emperor 
Roselle, Klein instantly felt wonderful. 


Yeah. This suit just needs some proper cleaning and mending 
before it can be worn again. It will still be presentable... 


When the reimbursement comes, I can buy another set and I can 
take turns wearing them! 


Hmm, I am not the kind of person that uses a reimbursement for 
something other than what it was intended for... 


However, I should consider getting a set of clothes for combat in 
the future, such as a black trench coat like Captain... Clothes with 
slightly poorer material would be much cheaper than a tuxedo... 
Tsk, has the reason why the bastard, Leonard, doesn’t like wearing 
formal suits been due to him having such considerations... 


“Let Frye take care of the dead body. We'll see if he can find what 
the man originally looked like or find any relevant clues.” Dunn 
touched the suited clown’s face paint with his gloves. 


Then, they searched the innermost warehouse and saw that 
there were a splotches of bloody flesh that looked like they had 
been smashed by boulders. They also saw one white bone after 
another that had been strewn everywhere. 


“Ray Bieber was absorbing the power in the notebook via an 
ancient ritual, just like how we would consume a higher-level 
Sequence potion. A ritual like that is full of danger. It must be 
performed in an environment isolated from all disturbances, 
and the ritual would have required him to enter a deep sleep for 
a certain amount of time. That was probably why he had yet to 
leave Tingen.” Dunn guessed at the possibilities after inspecting 
the warehouse. 


Upon hearing such a description, Lorotta laughed. Her black hair 
contrasted sharply with her pale face. 


“Such a pity, we awakened him ahead of time. His anger at being 
woken up truly left a deep impression on us.” 


“This is a kind of losing control,” Dunn looked towards Klein and 
told him, as both an explanation and a lecture. 


“Why didn’t he just leave Tingen and try to absorb it elsewhere?” 
asked a perplexed Klein. 


Aiur laughed and pointed to his head. 


“People influenced by ancient or sinister powers often are 
lacking in this department.” 


At that moment, Dunn inhaled and said while hiding his pain, 
“Leonard, you are still in good condition. Stay here and do not 
allow ordinary people to come close... The rest of us will 
immediately search for items among Ray Bieber’s remains. We 
will return with them and the Sealed Artifact, as well as the 
Antigonus family’s notebook. We will then get Frye, Royale, and 
the police to come here.” 


Chapter 77: Remnant Items 


“Alright,” answered Leonard with a relaxed expression when he 
heard Dunn’s suggestion. 


Following that, everyone walked out of the warehouse and came 
close to where Monster Bieber had “self-destructed.” With him at 
the origin, they began searching outwards radially. 


“Captain, what are we looking for?” Klein looked at the rotting 
flesh and blood that was strewn everywhere. He held back his 
urge to retch as he looked at Dunn Smith beside him 
ponderingly. 


Dunn did not look up. Instead, he used his deep gray eyes to 
sweep the ground. 


“Awakening ahead of time, losing control, and becoming a 
monster. This means that Ray Bieber did not fully absorb the 
Beyonder powers provided by the notebook. It also means that a 
part of his body is considered extraordinary, making it prime 
material.” 


“If you ever encounter something similar, make sure not to miss 
out on doing a search. It might be a relatively important item.” 


So that’s the case... Klein nodded slightly in enlightenment. 
In the blink of an eye, he thought of another matter. 


If the part where Monster Bieber had concentrated the Beyonder 


powers were some indescribable part, wouldn’t that be awkward... 
Wouldn't it be extremely disgusting to concoct it into a potion... 


Just as Klein’s mind wandered, Borgia with his sharp eagle-like 
eyes suddenly shouted. 


“Found it. Ahem.” 


Dunn and company immediately turned and closed in. Driven by 
his curiosity, Klein walked over to Borgia with a quickened pace. 


Soon, he saw the item before Borgia. It was a grayish-white item 
about the size of a fist. Its surface was filled with gullies and it 
looked soft but ductile. It looked like a brain that had been 
extracted out of a living being. 


Although Klein was unable to make out the extraordinariness of 
the blob of grayish-white, he was certain that Borgia had not 
made a mistake since it had remained intact despite the violent 
explosion it had undergone. 


Dunn carefully observed it and squatted down. As he extended 
and bent his right arm, he used his black-gloved left hand to 
carefully grab the grayish-white item. 


The moment it was touched, the blob of grayish-white 
immediately spread out into an extremely sticky liquid. 


At that moment, Aiur Harson took out a tin-colored square case, 
removed the cigarettes from them and placed them into his 
pocket. 


Then, he handed the square case to Dunn and smiled. 


“I know, you only like pipes.” 


Dunn chuckled and took the square case. Then, he “poured” the 
grayish-white sticky liquid into the case for temporary storage. 


After storing it away, everyone did a cursory sweep of the area. 


After confirming that they had not missed out anything, they 
left. When they came out, they saw the horses digging their 
hooves into the ground, clearly spooked and nervous. They had 
nearly escaped their reins. 


“Tll drive.” Borgia covered his mouth with his hand and coughed 
softly. 


“I know you are good at placating animals,” said Aiur with a 
smiling nod. 


After boarding the carriage, Dunn, Lorotta, Aiur Harson, and 
Klein, who continued their “arm exercises,” temporarily had 
nothing to say as they fell into silence. 


When the trotting of the horses sounded while the carriage 
wheeled off, Dunn looked at Klein and deliberated over his words 
before saying, “I know you are filled with curiosity about the 
Antigonus family’s notebook. You wish to understand what 
happened.” 


No, not at all... Klein subconsciously denied. 


It was an ancient relic filled with misfortune! 


Without giving him time to answer, Dunn continued and said, 
“However, I have to first report this to the Holy Cathedral. Only 
after they determine the confidentiality level of the notebook can 
we consider if this can be shown to you.” 


“No problem.” Klein gave a short and simple reply. 


Dunn continued his arm exercises as he thought before saying, “I 
once promised that you can be made a formal member of the 
Nighthawks when we confirm that Ray Bieber is a descendant of 
the Antigonus family clan. Now, not only have we determined 
Ray Bieber’s identity, we have even eliminated the monster and 
spoiled the Secret Order’s conspiracy. 


“In this entire process, your performance was outstanding. You 
personally killed a member of an evil organization. Therefore, I 
will fulfill my promise and immediately make an application to 
the Holy Cathedral. We'll wait for their approval. 


“Right, I forgot something important. I still need to ask if you are 
agreeable to it. 


“Mr Klein Moretti, are you willing to formally join the Tingen 
Nighthawks as one of its members? Your salary will increase 
severalfold, reaching six pounds a week. Furthermore, you will 
get a raise every subsequent year. 


“your salary will be paid by the Church and Awwa County’s 
Police Department equally. You will also gain the identity of a 
probationary inspector. It will be very useful at times. 


“AS a Support-type Beyonder, you do not always need to face 
enemies, but you will have to guard Chanis Gate once a week... 


“Without the squad’s permission, you are not to leave Tingen. 
Furthermore, you have to keep this a secret from your family...” 


By the time Dunn finished listing the restrictions and benefits, 
Klein was already thinking deeply for more than ten seconds. 


“I wish to become a formal Nighthawk.” 


Only by doing so could he continue to gain more access to 
mystery, such as the situation regarding the Secret Order! 


After reading the gathered Roselle diaries, Klein had some 
changes in thoughts about himself. “Being skilled in mysticism 
knowledge to seek a way home was an immutable goal of his. 
Raising his strength further to more safely make the mysterious 
space above the gray fog do his bidding before using it to return 
home was a new addition to his goals. 


Just as Emperor Roselle said, simply relying on external powers 
was very dangerous! 


Furthermore, after becoming a Seer and obtaining Beyonder 
powers, Klein sensed that he had a better grasp of the 
mysterious space. For example, he could pull another person into 
the Gathering. 


This forced him to consider what possibly beneficial changes 


would happen to the mysterious space above the gray fog when 
he reached Sequence 8, Sequence 7, or an even higher Sequence. 


Of course, Klein knew very well that this was built on the 
premise that he completely resolved the side effects of the Seer 
potion. He could not rush or be rash. 


“Very well. Once the Holy Cathedral approves of it, you will 
become one of us.” Dunn’s gray eyes were tinted with a hint of 
joy. 


At that moment, Aiur Harson, who was listening in, interrupted. 


“Klein, don’t mind me calling you Klein. Your performance today 
was really excellent. You managed to kill a Beyonder from the 
Secret Order. I even suspect that he has reached Sequence 7. How 
did you do it? I really find it incredulous.” 


The question has finally been raised... Having long prepared for it, 
Klein acted as though he was organizing his thoughts. 


He knew that it was indeed incredible and enigmatic that he had 
killed a Beyonder that ran rings around Dunn, Aiur, and Lorotta. 
Aiur and company were not blind or dumb, so it was a matter of 
time before they inquired about the process. However, he never 
expected them to wait till this moment. 


That’s right. Captain and Mr. Harson were previously injured and 
their situations could have worsened at any time. At that moment, 
any matter that could result in conflict had to be put on hold. It 
was to prevent me from acting desperately because of my exposed 
“secret.” Only after I expressed my attitude and showed that I was 
willing to be a Nighthawk were they at ease enough to ask... How 
crafty. They did not have any obvious communication between 
themselves, but they had made the same tacit decision... 


Klein answered as though in thought, “It’s an extremely lucky 
event. The clown in the tuxedo had made a fatal misjudgment. 


“Back then, Sealed Artifact 2-049 was thrown near me as a result 
of the explosion’s blast. It looked about five to six meters from 
me, but it was only a crude observation. It was very easy to come 
to the conclusion that I was within the Sealed Artifact’s area of 
influence. 


“And back then, I was feeling faint because of the explosion. My 
actions turned sluggish and looked as though I was being 
controlled. 


“It was unknown when that suited clown came close to me in an 
invisible state. He tried to entice me by offering to save me and 
the corresponding Sequence 8, Clown, of the Seer potion. He 
wanted me to help him retrieve the Antigonus family’s notebook. 
Right, he said that the Secret Order is in control of the Seer 
potion’s corresponding Sequence pathway and that he was once 
a Seer.” 


Klein recounted the situation back then in detail. He even 
described the theories he had back then, including how he 
believed that the suited clown had divined that taking the 
notebook would be an extremely risky endeavor; thus, he had 
changed his plans. 


Of course, all the truths were used to conceal the lie made in the 
beginning—that he had been controlled by Sealed Artifact 2-049. 


“Divined that it was extremely risky to retrieve the notebook? 
Yes, it’s indeed highly risky. However, the risk was actually 
because of you,” said Lorotta with a chuckle as she covered her 


mouth. “His divination was right, but it caused him to end up in 
a fatal situation. This sure is an interesting account.” 


Klein was taken aback before he nodded seriously. 


“Indeed. Divination is never crystal clear. And that vagueness 
only means that an interpretation can be wrong.” 


Yes, I have to take note of that! 


“How did you finish him off after that?” asked Dunn while he did 
his arm exercises and leaned back. 


Klein smiled. 


“I pretended to agree to him and made him awaken me. 
However, he did not dare enter the effective range of the Sealed 
Artifact. He stayed two to three meters away and used a strange 
paper slip in an attempt to push me. 


“I seized the opportunity and pulled at his paper slip, causing 
him to be thrown into 2-049’s effective range. I then 
complemented it with repeated shots and completed my goal. 
Heh, it’s quite an embarrassing matter for me. I didn’t even have 
the confidence of hitting him despite being only two to three 
meters away from him.” 


Aiur nodded slightly. 


“With his evasive abilities, a distance of two to three meters is 
not an absolute guarantee. You might be able to strike him but 
fail to hit him in a vital spot. That would only make things 


worse... Your choice back then was impeccable. It can even be 
said to be outstanding. If I were in your shoes, I might not have 
been able to do it better than you.” 


He did not ask further. After all, the suited clown’s entry into the 
Sealed Artifact 2-049’s area of influence basically sealed his fate. 
He became a living target. 


“The subsequent Sequence of Seer is Clown... How odd...” Dunn 
suddenly said with a sigh. 


Chapter 78: Trauma 


Aiur Harson added, “Exactly, it is hard to imagine that the 
subsequent Sequence of Seer would be Clown. According to 
normal logic, no one would link them together.” 


“Is that strange? I remember that quite a number of Sequence 
potions also seem to lack similarities between their different 
levels.” Lorotta covered her mouth as she yawned. It was obvious 
that her injuries were more severe. Not even Goddess’s Gaze 
could help her to maintain her vibrant energy. 


“No, Lorotta. This is completely different. Even if the other 
Sequence potions are lacking a connection, we can also find 
common points if viewed from a different angle. However, I 
cannot comprehend it for Seer and Clown at all,” said Aiur 
Harson as he shook his head and sighed. 


Klein listened to their discussion and laughed. 
“No, there’s still a common point.” 


“What?” Aiur asked curiously. Even Dunn’s arm exercises clearly 
slowed down. 


Klein replied without hesitation, “Be it a Seer or a Clown, both of 
them can be found at the circus.” 


“..” Aiur, Dunn, and Lorotta were stunned. 


“Pfft... Quite a good answer. I like young man like you!” Lorotta 


was the first to return to her senses as she burst out laughing. 


Aiur also smiled as he shook his head. 


“In this era, the number of gentlemen who are equipped with the 
spirit of self-deprecation is decreasing. Thankfully, we have met 
one today.” 


Do you think I like to engage in self-deprecation... It’s not like I 
figured out any commonality between the two... Klein complained 
internally as he replied with a wry smile, “I only wish that the 
potions of the Sequence pathway would not have names like 
Beast Tamer, Acrobat, or Magician. That would really form a 
circus.” 


Furthermore, it’s a one-man circus... 


“Haha.” Dunn and company were immediately amused. It filled 
the carriage with a joyous atmosphere. 


The carriage proceeded straight for Zouteland Street. Klein, who 
was not injured, was the first to enter Blackthorn Security 
Company. 


“Goddess! What happened to you? Why are you like that?” 
Rozanne exclaimed when she caught sight of him. 


Klein looked down at his dirty and tattered suit. He replied with 
his heart aching, “There are always all kinds of accidents during 
a mission. Thankfully, the Goddess blessed us and it ended 
beautifully.” 


“Praise the Lady!” Rozanne devoutly drew the crimson moon 
across her chest. 


Before waiting for Klein to continue, she asked, “Do you need us 
to hide in the third floor again? Is the Sealed Artifact really that 
dangerous?” 


“Trust me. It’s far more dangerous than you can imagine,” 
replied Klein with a lingering fear. 


If not for his even more mysterious luck enhancement ritual, he 
would have perished under the proverbial hands of 2-049! 


“Goddess...” Rozanne’s lips quivered as though she had still a 
million things to say or questions to ask, but in consideration of 
how the captain was waiting downstairs, she held back her 
compulsion. She informed Mrs. Orianna and company to head 
upstairs to the third floor. The neighbors of Blackthorn Security 
Company were either estates of the Church, or devout clergymen 
who vaguely knew of the situation. 


When all the civilian staff dispersed, Klein did not rush to the 
recreation room to inform the other Nighthawks. He 
immediately returned and helped the captain and the rest escort 
Sealed Artifact 2-049, Monster Bieber’s remnants, and the 
Antigonus family’s notebook to the second floor. 


Through the partition, Dunn pushed open the recreation room’s 
door and said to the two Nighthawks who were playing Gwent 
cards, “Frye, Royale, both of you are to immediately head to the 
harbor’s Tyrell Warehouse and aid Leonard in dealing with the 
aftermath.” 


“Alright.” Royale with her raven-black hair and cold expression 
was the first to stand up. 


Corpse Collector Frye, with his black hair, blue eyes, and pale 
skin stood up next. 


They put down their Gwent cards and walked out the recreation 
room and when they passed through the partition, they clearly 
paused. 


“Wait,” Dunn shouted, not letting down their expectations. 


“What else is there?” Sleepless Royale turned her head back and 
asked without an expression. 


“Remember to inform the police. Let them seal off the road. 
Prevent anyone from coming close until you are done with the 
scene and move the corpse back,” Dunn said, smacking his 
forehead. 


“Alright.” Royale turned around and took two steps before 
pausing once again. 


She turned her head, blinked and confirmed coldly, “Captain, is 
there nothing else?” 


“No,” Dunn answered categorically. 


Royale nodded unnoticeably and walked towards the entrance. 


As for Corpse Collector Frye who exuded coldness and darkness, 
he maintained his adequate pace. 


At that moment, Dunn added, “Remember to tell Rozanne, Mrs. 


Orianna, and company that they can come down.” 


“No problem.” Frye calmly replied as though no emotions stirred 
in him. 


Klein watched as the two Nighthawks walked out the door and 
went upstairs before heaving a secret sigh of relief. He followed 
the captain and the rest underground. They proceeded straight to 
Chanis Gate. 


As Dunn gestured for Sleepless Kenley to open Chanis Gate, he 
instructed Klein, “Go to the armory and get Old Neil here. We 
need his ritualistic magic to heal ourselves.” 


As the effects of the medicine began to wear off, his mental state 
gradually waned. 


“Alright.” Klein did not wait for the captain to continue, as he 
added, “I will watch the armory in Old Neil’s place. I will also 
request for at least twenty demon hunting bullets and also wait 
for the Holy Cathedral’s approval, curbing my curiosity about the 
Antigonus family’s notebook.” 


“..” Dunn was instantly at a loss for words. 


“Captain, is there anything else?” asked Klein with a smile after 
beating Dunn to it. 


Dunn shook his head and remained speechless. 


He pulled out his cane and turned around. After walking a 
certain distance, Klein turned into the armory and recounted the 


happenings generally to Old Neil who was drinking plain water. 


“He became a monster that lost control... You even killed a 
Beyonder?” Old Neil quickly tidied up his desk. “It’s like ’m 
listening to the script of a play.” 


He mumbled as he circled around the desk and walked straight 
towards the corridor without waiting for Klein’s answer. 


Klein asked out of curiosity, “Mr. Neil, doesn’t the Church have 
real restorative medicine? Why would ritualistic magic be 
needed?” 


“No medicine made with ordinary ingredients can provide the 
permanent restorative effects of a ritual. Extraordinary 
ingredients are very rare, and most of them are not suitable for 
restorative medicine,” Old Neil explained casually. “You should 
know about Goddess’s Gaze, right? When the medicine is first 
made via a ritual, it would be a standard, real restorative 
medicine. But every minute after its completion, its effect 
evaporates until little of its efficacy is left.” 


“I see...” Klein nodded disappointedly. 


As a former “keyboard warrior” and avid gamer, it was a habit to 
yearn for a medicine with magical healing properties. 


He watched Old Neil leave and sat down, taking in the 
tranquility that he had not had in a very long time. 


In the midst of his peace, he recalled the tragic death of the 
suited clown. He recalled himself shooting coldly, the gruesome 
wound and the spewing of fresh blood. 


Klein’s body shivered as he felt discomfort. He first stood up, 
then sat down, then slowly repeated the process. He also did 
some pacing back and forth in between. 


Phew... He let out a breath and decided to occupy himself with 
something so that he could stop thinking of those negative 
images. 


Klein took off his silk hat and formal suit. He then took out a 
handkerchief and a brush to clean off the dirt and mud. 


After an uncertain amount of time, he heard Old Neil’s familiar 
footsteps. Old Neil’s gait involved him walking on his heels, and 
it made a distinctive noise as he ambled down the hall. 


“How tiring...” Old Neil complained as he walked into the room. 


“Tell the rest that no one is to come here within the next hour. I 
need to rest,” he instructed casually, glancing towards Klein. 


“Why don’t you rest upstairs, and I keep watch here?” Klein 
suggested out of kindness. 


Old Neil shook his head. 


“It's too noisy upstairs. Rozanne is a lady who just can’t stop 
talking.” 


“Alright.” Klein did not insist. He put on his coat and hat, picked 
up his cane, and returned to the corridor. Then, he pulled the 
armory’s door ajar. 


Tap. Tap. Tap. He slowly walked on the empty path when he 
suddenly saw many rooms he had never seen previously by the 
side. 


“There is a secret door here...” Klein stopped at a spot around a 
bend as he looked at the room. 


He discovered that Corpse Collector Frye had already returned. He 
was carefully examining a completely dissected corpse. 


Corpse? Klein’s heart stirred as he mustered his courage and 
approached the room. He knocked lightly on the opened door. 


Knock! Knock! Knock! 


Frye stopped his actions and turned around, looking over with 
his blue but ice-cold eyes. 


“Sorry for disturbing you. I just wish to know if this is a corpse of 
a Beyonder,” asked Klein as he controlled his tone. 


“Yes.” Frye’s lips opened and closed, but only spat out a single 
word. 


Klein’s gaze reached beyond him and landed on the corpse. 
Indeed, he discovered the familiar gruesome wound on the 
forehead. 


It’s that suited clown... Klein secretly exhaled and said, “Any 
discoveries?” 


“No,” answered Frye in an abnormally simple manner. 


The mood instantly turned awkward. Just as Klein was about to 
bade farewell, Frye took the initiative to say, “If you feel 
uncomfortable, you can come in to take a look. You will discover 
that it’s only a corpse.” 


Afraid that I'll be traumatized? Klein nodded in thought. 


“alright.” 


He entered the room and came in front of the long white-clothed 
table as he looked at the corpse. 


The suited clown’s red, yellow, and white paint had been cleaned 
off, revealing an unfamiliar face that did not look anything 
special. He was in his thirties and had black hair and a high 
nose bridge. 


At that moment, Frye went to a square table by the corner of the 
wall and picked up a pencil and piece of paper. 


He returned to the corpse and placed the paper down and began 
drawing with the pencil. 


Klein glanced at it in curiosity and found that Frye was 
sketching the suited clown’s head. 


It did not take long before Frye stopped moving the pencil. On the 
piece of paper, there was a lifelike portrait. Compared to the 
corpse, the only difference was the lack of a wound with the 
addition of blue eyes. 


What a talented genius... Klein marveled in surprise. 


“I never expected you to be that good at sketching.” 


“My dream was to become an artist before becoming a 
Nighthawk.” Frye’s tone was completely placid. 


“Then why don’t you fulfill your dreams?” asked Klein curiously. 


Frye put down his pencil and said with the suited clown’s 
portrait in hand, “My father was a priest of the Goddess. He 
wished that I become a priest. It’s a presentable job.” 


“you became a priest?” Klein asked in surprise. 


He found it unimaginable that Frye could become a priest with 
his personality and the vibes he exuded. 


“yeah, I did quite an okay job.” Frye wore a cold expression as the 
corners of his mouth curled up a little as he replied. “Later, I 
encountered and experienced some things and ended up a 
Nighthawk.” 


Klein did not plan on infringing on his privacy, so he asked, “You 
were once a priest of the Goddess, so why not choose to be a 
Sleepless?” 


“A personal reason,” answered Frye frankly. “Furthermore, 
Madam Daly is a good role model.” 


Klein nodded and just as he was about to change the subject, he 


heard Frye say, “Help me watch this room. I have to immediately 
hand the sketch to Captain... Closing a secret door is very 
troublesome.” 


“Alright.” Although Klein was a little afraid facing a corpse alone, 
he braved his fear in agreement. 


With Frye gone, the room turned quiet. The corpse laid there as 
Klein’s heart turned heavy. 


He took a few breaths and, in a bid to defeat his fears, 
approached the long table. 


The suited clown lay there silently with his pale face. His eyes 
were tightly shut, and he had lost all signs of breathing. Apart 
from the gruesome wound, he emitted the unique coldness of a 
dead man. 


Klein observed for a moment as his emotions gradually settled 
as he was calming down. 


He swept his gaze and discovered a strange brand on the suited 
clown’s wrist. Gathering his courage, he extended his hand to 
touch it, hoping to turn it around to see it more clearly. 


Just as the ice-cold touch reached from Klein’s fingertips to his 
brain, the pale palm that had lost all vibrancy shot up suddenly, 
grabbing him by the wrist. 


It grabbed at his wrist tightly! 


Chapter 78: Another Murmuring 


Klein instantly felt his hair stand on end as the icy hand 
tightened around his wrist. He instinctively pulled his wrist back 
in a desperate attempt to escape. 


A heavy sensation bore down on him as Klein used every fiber of 
strength in his entire body to yank his arm back. 


Bam! 


The pale, naked corpse was yanked so forcefully to the side that 
it fell from the autopsy table. 


However, the white, ice-cold fingers’ grip remained firmly 
latched onto Klein’s wrist. 


Klein momentarily lost the ability to think; the only thought that 
went through his mind was to draw his revolver and riddle the 
corpse in holes. 


However, as he could not retract his dominant hand, he threw 
his black cane and desperately tried to retrieve his revolver from 
his holster to no avail. 


At that moment, the corpse’s eyes rose, revealing a pair of calm, 
blue eyes. 


His mouth moved as he muttered, “Hornacis... Hornacis... 
Hornacis...” 


After those three words were said, Klein was completely 
flustered as he felt that the fingers gripping onto his wrist began 
to loosen before dropping limp. 


The suited clown’s eyes were shut once again, as though nothing 
had happened at all. 


If the pale corpse wasn’t lying on the stone floor, Klein would 
have imagined that he had been struck by a hallucination spell. 


He staggered backwards a few steps and felt that most of his 
body was trembling as a result of the shock and fear. 


Phew... Phew... Klein gasped for air as he slowly regained control 
of his mental facilities. He looked at the corpse on the ground in 
alarm and fear. 


He drew his revolver and carefully retreated from the room, one 
step at a time. After confirming that the corpse was motionless, 
he took a glance at his wrist of the hand holding onto his 
revolver. 


There were five deep, red finger marks imprinted on his wrist. 
They silently described his encounter. 


Klein calmed down as vulgarities filled his mind. 


F*cking hell. I almost died from the shock! 


After panting for more than ten seconds, he began assembling 
items in his mind to quickly compose himself. 


He carefully recalled everything that he encountered and pieced 
them together. 


Although he did not understand the reason for the suited clown’s 
“resurrection,” he acutely noticed an important point. The corpse 
had repeated the words “Hornacis!” 


“Its Hornacis again...” Klein knitted his brows. “The Antigonus 
family’s notebook has records of a Nation of the Evernight in the 
Hornacis mountain range. While in Cogitation or Spirit Vision, I 
would hear sounds that I shouldn’t be able to hear, and among 
those sounds is the word ‘Hornacis’... Is the answer to all these 
questions on the Hornacis mountain range?... There might be 
massive danger lurking there. For example, an evil god might be 
sealed within and was using various forms of ‘attraction’ to 
achieve freedom.” 


While considering this, Klein carefully entered the room and 
touched the corpse a few times to verify that it was completely 
dead. 


He didn’t want Corpse Collector Frye to see him mess up the 
place, so he mustered his courage to move the corpse back onto 
the autopsy table. 


Klein couldn’t help but feel as though his heart was in his mouth 
throughout the process. The slightest movement could snap his 
tense nerves. Furthermore, the ice-cold feeling given out by the 
corpse felt particularly disgusting. 


After finishing the mission with great difficulty, he recalled the 
reason he approached the corpse. Therefore, he focused on the 
suited clown’s wrist and looked at the strange brand. 


It was unknown when the brand had slipped off, shrinking into 


a spherical blob of blood which had tint of blue. 


The spherical blob of blood was the size of a thumb. It floated in 
midair silently in defiance of the laws of physics. 


“What is this?” Klein muttered, but he didn’t dare to touch it 
rashly. 


He had no intention of hiding the strange blood sphere. Firstly, 
he didn’t know if it was a good or bad thing. Secondly, he was 
certain that Frye, who had examined the corpse, would have 
long discovered the brand on the wrist. It was even likely that he 
knew what the strange blood sphere was. 


And even if Frye doesn’t know, reporting it to Captain and letting 
the Nighthawks research it is definitely better than me making 
random attempts... That was Klein’s train of thought. 


Being in an organization meant he had to know how to make 
use of the organization’s powers to its fullest. 


Klein waited nervously for a few minutes before he saw the 
black-haired, blue-eyed, and thin-lipped Frye return. 


He instantly noticed the strange blood sphere, and asked Klein a 
question he had previously asked himself. 


“What is this?” 


“No idea.” Klein shook his head honestly. He recounted what had 
happened without hiding anything. 


” 


“The brand slipped off into a blood sphere...” Frye nodded, 
seemingly deep in thought. “The corpse of a Beyonder always 
tends to have some strange transformations...” 


He looked up and said to Klein, “Bring the Captain here. Inform 
him about the contents that the corpse murmured as well.” 


“Alright.” Klein was already itching to leave. 


“you don’t have to return with the Captain,” Frye added. “I believe 
you won't like to see what happens next.” 


As he spoke, he picked up a silver surgical knife beside him. 


Klein nodded with some lingering fear. 


“I was hoping you'd say that.” 


He picked up his cane, wore his hat and hobbled over to the 
Chanis Gate. At the Keeper’s room, he saw the no longer frail 
Captain Dunn. 


After Dunn heard his recollection of what happened, he nodded 
indiscernibly. 


“Tll report the matter to the higher ups and let the Holy 
Cathedral deal with it. Maybe they'll send people to the main 
peak of the Hornacis mountain range to take a look.” 


Klein answered briefly in confirmation. Seeing that only 
Sleepless Kenley and the Captain were in the Keeper’s room, he 


casually asked, “Are Mr. Aiur and the others resting?” 


Dunn nodded and said, “Aiur and Borgia are at Saint Selena 
Cathedral. Lorotta is probably looking for a coffee shop.” 


“Coffee shop? Madam Lorotta hasn’t recovered from her injuries, 
right?” Klein asked in surprise. 


Dunn massaged his nose bridge and said with a laugh, “Lorotta 
has three hobbies—coffee, dessert, and maidservants. She says 
she needs these three things to speed up her recovery.” 


“Maidservants?” Klein asked, perplexed. 


Does Madam Lorotta have a particular fetish? 


Dunn shook his head helplessly and said, “She likes 
maidservants. Yeah, that’s right. Furthermore, she likes ones 
with big breasts.” 


“She sure is weird.” Klein had no idea what kind of expression 
he should show in response. 


Dunn didn’t delay any further as he headed out the Keeper’s 
room. As Klein watched his back, he silently waited for him to 
turn. 


Meanwhile, he noticed at the corner of his eye that Sleepless 
Kenley had fished out his pocket watch and opened it. 


Three, two, one... The moment Klein finished counting down 


silently, Dunn stopped and turned around. 


“Another thing I forgot. Klein, you went through a lot today. Once 
you relax, you'll feel exhausted. There’s no need for you to be 
here in the afternoon. Go back and get some rest. Tomorrow, I'll 
submit the application listing the detailed losses.” 


“Alright. Don’t worry too much about your killing of a Beyonder. 
Killing him was equivalent to saving more lives.” 


“AS a matter of fact, I’m actually feeling much better.” Klein 
silently exhaled. 


Dunn nodded slightly and just as he turned around, he smacked 
himself in the forehead. 


“Tve also handed the Beyonder’s sketch to Leonard. He and the 
police department are in charge of the follow up investigations. I 
believe that the Beyonder must’ve rode on carriages, eaten food, 
and had somewhere to stay. 


“Wherever he steps, whatever he touches, whatever he leaves 
behind, even unconsciously, will serve as a silent witness 
against him. Emperor Roselle’s words are truly sensible.” 


“Yes.” Klein answered, stupefied. 


After the captain walked far away, he left the Keeper’s room and 
slowly walked to the second floor. 


Along the way, he suddenly recalled something as he 
experienced an additional bout of fear. 


That suited clown claimed that the Secret Order controlled the 
corresponding Sequence pathway of Seers... Even if he was 
exaggerating and they didn’t have the higher Sequence potion 
formulas, they definitely have the lower Sequence ones. 


It also means that they have a number of Seers. 


Then, wouldn’t they divine that I killed the suited clown and 
secretly exact revenge against me? 


If they can’t deal with the Nighthawks, can’t they deal with me, a 
Seer without any direct measures against enemies? 


Klein stopped in the stairwell and began thinking about the 
problem seriously. Soon, he discovered that he was worrying 
over nothing. 


Firstly, the Secret Order doesn’t know who are members of the 
Nighthawks. 


Secondly, even if they know one or two, they definitely wouldn’t 
include a civilian staff member like me. 


Thirdly, under the present circumstances, unless they have a 
prophet, there’s no way they can divine who the murderer is. 


He heaved a sigh of relief and left the Blackthorn Security 
Company. He took a public carriage back to Daffodil Street. 


Even though he hadn’t eaten lunch yet, he still lacked the 
appetite. 


After entering his bedroom, Klein removed his damaged suit 
first. Then, he took off his half top hat, got into bed and tried to 
go to sleep. 


His mind remained active as though his entire existence couldn’t 
relax. His mind wasn’t repeating the scene of him shooting the 
suited clown to death, but of the scene of him moving the corpse, 
and that hair-raising experience. 


He no longer felt uncomfortable about killing for the first time, 
but more of a disgust when he thought about it. 


“This was probably Frye’s goal. He hoped that I would approach 
the corpse and face it directly to overcome my trauma... But, 
even though the trauma from before is gone, I’ve been 
traumatized by something new...” Klein gave a self-deprecating 
laugh as he gradually felt his nerves calm down. 


He had no idea when he dozed off, but when he woke up, his 
stomach was groaning in protest. 


“T feel like I can eat an entire horse!” Klein muttered as he looked 
at the sun setting in the west as though the sky was alit. 


Changing into old but comfortable casual clothes, he briskly 
walked to the first floor. Before he could consider what to make 
for dinner, he heard the door open. 


Melissa... The corners of his mouth curled up at the thought. 


Ever since she began taking the public carriage, his sister no 
longer returned home late. 


The key twisted as the door opened. Melissa walked in with her 
bag that contained her books and stationery. 


She looked at the kitchen and said, “Klein, there’s a letter for you. 
It’s from your mentor.” 


A letter from Mentor? Right. I wrote to him asking about the 
relevant historical situation of the Hornacis main peak... Klein 
was taken aback at first before he recalled the matter. 


Chapter 80: Banquet Invitation 


After having dinner, a satiated Klein casually lounged on the 
living room sofa. He used a small letter opener to open the letter 
he received from his mentor. 


Melissa was sitting by the dining table at the time, working hard 
on a textbook problem, with the gas lamp for illumination. 
Benson was cradled in a single seater, reading Accountancy for 
Beginners. 


Klein found three pages in the letter that he read with both fear 
and anticipation. 


“very happy to receive your letter. It reminds me of the good old 
days over the past few years. Unfortunately, Welch and Naya 
have left us forever...” 


“I attended their burials separately and could feel their parents’ 
anguish. The two of them were young adults who were supposed 
to have beautiful, bright futures ahead of them...” 


“Fate is always so unpredictable. No one can know what will 
happen to you next. I’ve experienced more as I’ve grown older, 
and I can increasingly sense the weakness and helplessness of 
humanity.” 


“Regarding the historical information revolving around the 
Hornacis main peak, I recall that the archaeologist, Mr. John 
Joseph, once published a monograph detailing it. It includes his 
accounts of his time at the Hornacis main peak. He discovered a 
few ancient buildings that are more than a thousand years old.” 


“What shames every historian and archaeologist is our inability 
to precisely date the era. We can only make a crude estimate 
based on the architecture style, the characteristics of the murals, 
and a few of the texts that we can decipher.” 


“Its quite unbelievable that such a tall mountain peak would 
have humans living there. Mr. Joseph has ample evidence to 
prove that those humans developed a civilization that they can 
call their own. As for the details, it is hard to fully describe them 
in this letter. I suggest you try borrowing this monograph from 
the Deweyville Library. Trust me, Sir Deweyville’s donation to 
this library makes it have more books in its collection than the 
one built by the city government.” 


“The monograph’s title is Research of the Hornacis Main Peak’s 
Relics. It is published by the Loen Publishing Firm.” 


“In addition, there are some papers that discuss something of 
relevance. They are published in the journals—New Archeology, 
Archeology Summary. The exact issue and journal volume is...” 


Klein read every word, and repeated the names of the 
monograph and paper names silently. 


Immediately afterwards, he found some paper and an envelope, 
as well as a fountain pen before penning his gratitude. 


“Melissa, help me send this letter out. This is the money for the 
stamps.” Klein placed the sealed envelope and more than enough 
money for the stamps on his sister’s desk. 


Melissa took a glance and curled her lips. 


“Klein, stamps don’t cost that much.” 


“Yes, stamps don’t, but a girl should have some allowance.” Klein 
replied with a smile. “I believe Selena has mentioned this to you 
before.” 


Noticing that Melissa was about to protest, he quickly added, “It 
can be used to buy the materials and tools you need.” 


“Tools...” Melissa repeated softly again and again before casting 
her gaze back onto her books. “Alright,” she said as she nodded 
imperceptibly. 


The corners of Klein’s mouth immediately curved upwards as he 
briskly walked back to the sofa. 


“Excellent persuasion skills. You precisely pinpointed Melissa’s 
weakness.” Benson gave a thumbs up as he said with a 
suppressed laugh. Klein cleared his throat and said in all 
seriousness. 


“Then how shall I persuade you? Your self-study should 
emphasize language and ancient literature. Of course, basic 
mathematics and logic are equally important.” 


According to the curriculum of the public schools and grammar 
schools, as well as the material tested for in college admissions, 
Klein was very confident about the general direction in which 
the upcoming ‘civil servant examinations’ would focus on. 


Benson touched his hairline and said with a self-deprecating 
smile, “I feel like a curly-haired baboon in front of those books.” 


“But theyre really useful,” Klein said with a determined smile. 


At that moment, Melissa put down her fountain pen, stood up, 
and walked to the sofa. 


“Benson, Klein. This Sunday is Selena’s birthday. She and her 
parents wish to invite all of us to their place for a banquet. Are 
both of you free?” 


“Should be fine for me,” Klein said after some thought. 


He could take the opportunity to be acquainted with his sister’s 
friends. It could prevent him from being utterly clueless 
whenever something happened to her. 


“Me too,” Benson said as he combed his hairs with his fingers. “It 
looks like we'll have to think of a birthday present for Miss 
Selena.” 


Klein smiled. 


“This should be left to Melissa. She knows Miss Selena better 
than us. Besides, what we need to do is what a gentleman ought 
to do—pay for it.” 


“This is the first time I've heard someone describe laziness in 
such a pleasant manner,” Benson said as he shook his head and 
chuckled. 


Klein returned with a smile. 


“This is the purpose of language and ancient literature.” 


“..” Benson never expected Klein to return to the subject at hand; 
it left him momentary speechless. 


The next day, Klein wore his cheap formal suit and held his 
black inlaid silver cane as he climbed up the stairs and arrived at 
the Blackthorn Security Company’s entrance. His tuxedo had 
already been sent to the tailors. 


Klein was just about to greet Rozanne when he saw Captain 
Dunn walk out of the partition. 


“Good morning Klein. Did you have a good night’s sleep?” Dunn 
asked with concern. 


Klein answered honestly, “Better than I expected. I didn’t even 
have nightmares. But I still feel heavy and a little disgusted 
when I recall it.” 


“Very good. I feel assured hearing that,” Dunn said with a 
nodding smile. 


After chatting about the weather, he raised a matter. 


“The Holy Cathedral has replied to my telegram. Aiur, Lorotta, 
and company are to immediately escort Sealed Artifact 2-049 and 


the Antigonus family’s notebook back to Backlund. They've also 
sent an additional Nighthawk yesterday afternoon via steam 
locomotive to help.” 


“I believe that they’ve already set off by now.” 


Already set off by now? Does that mean I’m completely free from 
the traumatizing Antigonus family’s notebook? Klein was taken 
aback. He found it surreal as though he was dreaming. 


This is more relaxing than I imagined... 


It’s unlikely that there will be any follow up, right? 


“May the Goddess bless them and that they will have a smooth 
journey.” After a few seconds of silence, Klein made a gesture on 
his chest in the sign of the crimson moon. 


Dunn wore his hat and pointed out the door. 


“I have to patrol the Raphael Cemetery. Heh, I forgot one thing. 
The investigations of Leonard and the police department has 
borne fruit. They found the carriage driver that drove them. We 
have confirmed their temporary residence in Tingen City, but 
they are rather cautious. They didn’t leave behind any valuable 
clues.” 


“AS expected of an ancient secret organization,” Klein echoed 
wistfully. 


Dunn nodded and turned to head to the door. 


He stopped three seconds later and turned his head. 


“Also, the Holy Cathedral needs another two to three days before 
they notify us of your application to become an official member. 
Heh heh, this is dealt with by a different department, separate 
from the one that deals with the Antigonus family’s notebook. 
They have different levels of efficiency.” 


“I understand,” Klein replied sincerely. 


Meanwhile, he helped his captain add inwardly. 


Remember to submit the compensation application today! 


Watching Dunn leave, Klein heard the brown-haired Rozanne 
exclaim. 


“Goddess! Klein, are you becoming a formal member? You 
haven't even joined us for a month!” 


Klein smiled. 


“After I consumed the Seer potion, it was only a matter of time.” 


“That’s reasonable...” Rozanne fell into a daze for a few seconds 
before suddenly sighing. “I was praying that you finished your 
mysticism lessons so that you could be added to the roster for 
watching the armory, but... Goddess, I have to be on duty every 
two days. ’m not a Sleepless! My skin, my state of mind. 
Goddess, save me!” 


“Shouldn’t you be very familiar to such a lifestyle? Before I 
joined, it has always been you, Bredt, and Old Neil who took 
turns, right?” Klein asked, puzzled. 


Rozanne shook her head with a depressed look. 


“No, there were four previously, five even earlier. Unfortunately, 
Kenley chose to become a Sleepless. Viola did not choose to 
extend her contract last month and joined the Khoy Noel 
Machinery Company. She’s a gifted girl when it comes to 
creation. She only lacked the opportunity and money. Five years 
as a civilian staff allowed her to have enough savings.” 


Having said this, Rozanne suddenly glanced at Klein and laughed 
with her mouth covered. 


“Ive thought of a good solution. Klein, get married as soon as 
possible. Then, accidentally expose the secret of Beyonders to 
her. This is considered a very minor leak so there won’t be any 
particularly heavy penalties. After all, who can lie to a person 
who shares the same bed with you over prolonged periods of 
time. You can introduce her to us when that happens make her a 
civilian staff member! What a perfect plan!” 


The corners of Klein’s mouth twitched. 


“Miss Rozanne, you can also quickly find a husband. It should be 
even easier. I believe you have the adequate means to divulge the 
secret to him.” 


Rozanne’s eyes widened and her mouth turned agape when she 
heard him. 


“How can I? Marriage is a very serious matter. I have to carefully 
pick and observe him over a period of time to ensure that he’s 
alright.” 


That’s not what you said a second ago... Klein didn’t bother 
engaging in sophistry with Rozanne. He smiled as he engaged in 
a little small talk before bidding farewell and heading 
underground. 


At the armory, he saw Old Neil wrestling with the handground 
coffee. So, he sat down and waited patiently. 


“Soon youll be an official member, right?” Old Neil asked 
casually as he filtered the coffee. 


“Captain said that another two to three days are needed. It’s still 
a question of whether the Holy Cathedral will approve of it,” 
Klein said frankly. 


“Hehe.” Old Neil chortled. “The Holy Cathedral won’t deny cases 
like these, especially when you're already a Beyonder.” 


With that said, he turned his head and faced Klein. He said with 
a chuckle, “You must be mentally prepared. There’s a ritual every 
official Nighthawk member has to undergo. They have to 
complete a mission independently. Of course, Dunn would 
definitely choose the easiest and simplest ones for a rookie. 
Besides, you're a support-type Seer.” 


Chapter 81: Finally Meeting 


“I have to complete a mission independently in order to become 
an official member?” Klein was taken aback. “But we might not 
even have a mission this week, and it might not be so simple.” 


Wouldn’t this mean that it’ll take me one to two months to 
become a official Nighthawk? Only then will I get a pay rise... 


Old Neil sniffed at the coffee and shot a glance at him. 


“It’s only a ritual among Nighthawks. After all, we stand at the 
peak of Beyonder danger and don’t want our teammates to act 
like children who require constant care. This won’t affect the 
salary that you'll receive as an official member, or your 
privileges needed to fulfill your duty.” 


So it’s just a ritual to gain the recognition of the other 
Nighthawks... But, Mr. Neil, why did you emphasize that it would 
not affect my pay grade as an official member... Did I make it that 
obvious? Klein touched his face and gave an embarrassed smile 
before asking, “Does it have to be a mission of the Beyonder 
variety?” 


“That should be the case, but your performance yesterday was 
truly outstanding. You ingeniously killed a Beyonder that’s at 
least at Sequence 8. I believe Frye, Royale, and the rest have 
already acknowledged you. Therefore, Dunn might just assign 
you to an ordinary mission,” Old Neil said before suddenly 
sighing. “You'll have your salary increase several-fold. rll never 
encounter something like that again in my lifetime.” 


Klein chuckled as he raised the matter about his Sequence 


pathway. 


“Mr. Neil, do you think that the corresponding Sequence 8 of Seer 
is Clown?” 


In fact, thinking back to the description from the confidential 
documents, it did seem to add up. 


A job good at fighting with artifice... 


“I can’t give you any guarantees, but I think it’s highly likely. 
Firstly, it matches up with what’s said on the documents. Their 
agile movement and deception based battle style are key points. 
Next, other Sequence pathways have similar situations. Do you 
know the corresponding Sequence 8 for Mystery Pryer?” Old Neil 
asked with a chuckle. 


“No, it’s not written in the information provided by the Church.” 
Klein shook his head honestly. 


Old Neil chuckled briefly before saying, “I’m close friends with 
two old guys from the Machinery Hivemind. They mentioned it 
in passing, as a joke. The corresponding Sequence 8 potion of 
Mystery Pryer is Melee Scholar. Did you hear that? Melee 
Scholar. Goddess, I don’t like melee combat at all. This doesn’t 
suit the image of a Mystery Pryer at all!” 


“I can understand... Mystery Pryer’s pursue the mysteries behind 
things. Melee combat is one of those mysteries,” Klein said after 
some thought. 


Old Neil finished his handground coffee. “Alright, let’s not waste 
time. Let’s continue our mysticism studies. You still have a lot of 


ritualist magic that you need to grasp. You also need to learn 
how to create amulets and charms.” 


“Alright.” Klein sat down and planned out his schedule for the 
day. 


In the morning I'll study mysticism and read through all sorts of 
historical records. I'll submit the compensation request. After 
lunch, I'll practice at the Shooting Club. Then, I'll head to the 
Deweyville Library at Golden Indus Borough and see if I can 
borrow the corresponding monograph and journal regarding the 
Hornacis main peak. After doing all that, if I have time, I’ll spend 
some time at the Divination Club. I can’t slack off on my “acting.” 


Once the compensation request is approved and I receive the 
money, I'll be able to buy a new suit on the way home. 


Yes... I'll apply for the materials tomorrow morning and try to 
make a protective amulet to ward off danger for Melissa and 
Benson. 


In a dining hall adorned with a chandelier and elegant 
decorations. 


A few friends were congratulating Joyce Meyer on his escape 
from danger and his return to Tingen. 


“We all read the news. Just the written description alone was 
enough to scare me,” a man with a short stubble on his chin said 
wistfully. “Joyce, I can’t believe you went through such an ordeal. 
Cheers. The tragedy is over now, and the sunlight shines down 


upon us. Exalted is the Steam.” 


Joyce and his fiancée, Anna, raised their cups and clinked them 
together with their friends. Then, they gulped down what little 
champagne they had left. 


“Anna was extremely worried at the time. I suspect that she 
cried every night. Whenever I invited her for some afternoon tea, 
she was always absent minded. Thankfully, you're finally back 
now. Otherwise, I reckon she would’ve passed away just like 
that,” a young lady, with a cute small nose and coiled brown 
hair, said to Joyce as she glanced at Anna. 


“If Anna were to experience something like that, I’d be the same. 
I might be in an even worse state.” The aquiline-nosed Joyce gave 
his fiancée, who was sitting beside him, a gentle look. 


Anna wasn’t used to expressing her emotions in front of others. 
She looked at the opposite end of the table and said, “Bogda, why 
have you been keeping your head down this entire time? I can 
sense how terrible your mood is.” 


The young lady with a petite nose answered in Bogda’s place. 


“Bogda is sick. The physician told him that there’s something 
seriously wrong with his liver. He can only use medicine to 
reduce the pain but it doesn’t treat his illness. He needs to 
undergo surgery.” 


“Lord, when did this happen?” Anna and Joyce asked in surprise 
and concern. 


Bogda was a young man with short hair, but his face was sallow. 


His usually brilliant red eyes were replaced with a dim glow. 


“It happened last week. Since Joyce wasn’t back yet, I told Irene 
not to tell you,” Bogda explained with a rueful smile. 


Joyce asked staidly, “Have you decided when you'll undergo 
surgery?” 


Bogda’s expression changed a few times as he said, “No, I haven’t 
decided yet. As you know, those surgeons are practically 
butchers. The patient is like a piece of meat on a chopping block, 
allowing them to butcher people as they please! I’ve read a lot of 
reports. They'll even use an ax for amputation! Lord, I suspect I 
might very well die on the operating table.” 


“But if you delay it further then surgery might not be able to save 
you,” the man with a stubble said as he tried to persuade him. 


At that moment, Anna interjected, “Bogda, perhaps you can 
consider doing a divination. If the divination indicates that 
everything will go smoothly, then proceed with the surgery as 
soon as possible. If the outcome of the divination is bad, seek 
other means. Seek it with the help of the fortune-teller. I know of 
a real, mysterious fortune-teller. No, I should address him as a 
Seer. I believe he can definitely help you.” 


“For real?” Bogda returned with a question, clearly looking 
doubtful. Their other friends shared the same attitude. 


“Yes.” Anna nodded without hesitation. “I hired his divination 
services, and after divining Joyce’s situation, he told me to 
return home. ‘Your fiancé is at home waiting for you.’ Back then, 
I was like all of you, filled with doubt. But when I returned home, 
I really saw Joyce. He was really back!” 


“I can testify on this point,” Joyce echoed. 


He didn’t mention that he had sought Klein’s help in interpreting 
his dreams. This was because the police had informed him that 
Tris hadn’t been caught yet. Therefore, he had to keep it a secret 
in order to prevent revenge from being exacted upon him. 


“Lord, this is absolutely unbelievable!” 


“Is divination really that magical?” 


Amidst the shouting, Bogda thought deeply for a moment before 
saying, “Perhaps I should get a divination. Anna, Joyce, could you 
tell me the Seer’s name and address?” 


Anna heaved a sigh of relief and said, “You made a very wise 
choice.” 


“That Seer is at the Divination Club at Howes Street. 


“His name is Klein Moretti.” 


Golden Indus Borough. Deweyville Library. 


Klein used the introduction note from his mentor’s letter to 


successfully apply for a borrowing pass. 


As he flipped the tiny card in his hand, he asked a few librarians, 
“Do you have the Research of the Hornacis Main Peak’s Relics 
here? It was published by the Loen Publishing Firm.” 


A librarian immediately answered, “Please wait a moment. Let 
me check the records.” 


He turned around and looked at the drawers. He pulled open the 
letter that matched Hornacis and flipped through a card that 
was filled with single words that followed a particular order. 


On careful inspection, he shook his head and said, “Sorry, Sir. We 
do not have this book in our collection.” 


“How regretful,” Klein answered in clear disappointment. 


From the looks of it, I need to write to the Loen Publishing Firm or 
pay a visit to the Khoy University... 


Meanwhile, he sighed inwardly at how dated the management 
of the libraries of this world was. 


You people need a computer. Unfortunately, I can’t produce one... 
Klein made a silent, self-deprecating comment and turned to 
ask, “Then, do you have the journal issues of New Archeology 
and Archeology Summary?” 


“We do,” the librarian confirmed. “A gentleman just returned 
them.” 


He flipped out the corresponding card and pointed Klein in the 
direction of the bookshelf. 


Klein went over to the bookshelf, scanned the journal issues, and 
pulled out the ones his mentor mentioned. 


Then, he randomly found a spot by the window to sit down. 
Under the bright afternoon sun, he began reading the 
information in the library quietly. 


“Ancient relics don’t solely exist on the main peak of the 
Hornacis mountain range. Theyre also spread out across the 
surrounding forests, valleys, and gentle slopes around the main 
peak...” 


“These relics are formed from lofty domes and gigantic stone 
columns. Honestly, they can be be described as magnificent...” 


“I’m curious as to how the original residents mine and process 
these rocks? Hypothetically, let’s assume that they performed 
their mining operation on the spot without needing to send 
them up the mountain...” 


“..There’s a strange pattern where the relics become larger in 
size the closer you are to the mountain peak. But surprisingly, 
there are no ruins on the peak. According to our hypothesis, 
there should be palaces that don’t resemble man-made 
buildings, divine halls used for sacrifices...” 


Palaces that don’t look like they were man-made... divine halls 
used for sacrifices... Could it be the one that I saw in my dream? 
While Klein ruminated, he suddenly heard footsteps 
approaching him from a distance. 


He looked up and saw a familiar face, a face that often appeared 
on the papers. 


He had a squarish face, thick eyebrows, a firm nose, short dark- 
blond hair, azure-blue eyes, and tightly-closed lips. All of these 
features belonged to a certain famous person from Tingen City, a 
philanthropist, entrepreneur, and the owner of this library—Sir 
Deweyville. 


Beside Deweyville was the middle-aged butler who Klein had 
met before. 


Klein watched them walk by from more than ten meters away. 
Out of curiosity, he raised his right hand and lightly tapped his 
glabella twice. 


Chapter 82: Herh Store 


Various colors surfaced as auras and entered Klein’s eyes. He 
casually studied Sir Deweyville’s condition. 


He’s very healthy; there are almost no hidden problems... His 
emotional state is horrendous. Amid the dullness, there’s frailty... 
His mental state is frail? He has trouble sleeping well? But the 
purple aura at his head is completely fine... Klein muttered 
silently to himself as Sir Deweyville walked off and left the 
library. 


Retracting his gaze, Klein pinched his forehead and sighed 
inwardly. 


Being a tycoon sure isn’t eas... 


He didn’t pay much attention to the matter and returned his 
gaze onto the journal issues in front of him. 


Klein didn’t find a lot of clues after reading each of them. He 
could only confirm a few things. 


Firstly, there existed an ancient kingdom on the Hornacis 
mountain range, as well as its surroundings. The ancient 
kingdom’s history dated back to at least 1500 years. Secondly, 
their architectural style was primarily about being grand. They 
left behind all sorts of murals and from those murals, it could be 
deduced that they believed that the Evernight would protect the 
loved ones of the departed. Finally, in the ruins, there were 
symbols that represented the Evernight everywhere, but they 
were clearly different from the Evernight Sacred Emblem. 


“If I had a chance, no— even if I have a chance, I'll never go 
there!” Klein muttered with clenched teeth. He vowed not to 
court death. 


After tidying the journal articles and returning them back to 
their original spots, he put on his hat, lifted his cane, and left the 
Deweyville library. 


Divination Club. 


Bogda looked at the beautiful lady in charge of receiving guests 
and said, “Id like to have a divination.” 


Angelica smiled politely and said, “Do you have a preferred 
fortune-teller? Or would you like to flip through our introduction 
guide and choose the one that’s most suitable for you?” 


Bogda pressed the right side of his abdomen and gasped silently 
for breath while saying, “I wish to have Mr. Klein Moretti divine 
for me.” 


“But Mr. Moretti is not here today,” Angelica answered with 
uncertainty. 


Bogda fell silent for a moment as he paced a few steps and 
asked, “When will Mr. Moretti be available?” 


“No one knows. He has his own matters to deal with. From what 
I've seen, he usually comes here on Monday afternoons,” 
Angelica said as she pondered over the matter. 


“Alright.” Bogda’s face darkened as he turned around, planning 
to leave. 


“Sir, you can choose other fortune-tellers as well. For example, 
you can choose Mr. Hanass Vincent who is famous in Tingen 
City,” Angelica tried her best to prevent the loss of business. 


Bogda stopped in his tracks and considered it for a moment 
before saying, “No, I only trust Mr. Moretti. Well, can I wait here 
for a moment? Perhaps he might come after he’s done with his 
matters.” 


“No problem,” Angelica said with a warm smile. 


Bogda went to the sofa and sat down. Sometimes he stroked his 
cane; at other times he looked out the window, clearly looking 
rather impatient. 


Seconds turned to minutes. Just as Bogda’s mind was in a mess, 
unsure if he should continue waiting or leave, he heard the 
beautiful lady exclaim in pleasant surprise, “Good afternoon, Mr. 
Moretti!” 


Klein saw the familiar Angelica and was just about to ask why it 
was always her. Did she not need to rest or take any days off? 


However, he immediately took into consideration that he was a 
Seer, so it was not appropriate for him to ask such questions. 
Instead, he had to use the tone of a charlatan and say something 
like: “How marvelous it is for fate to compel us to meet once 
again, Madam Angelica.” 


Uh, would this sound like I’m hitting on her? Klein’s mind 


whirled as he finally replied with a smile, “Good afternoon, 
Madam Angelica.” 


“A customer wishes to hire you for a divination.” Angelica 
pointed to Bogda who had hurriedly stood up from the sofa. 


Someone actually requested for me? Klein took off his half top hat 
in pleasant surprise, pinching his glabella twice while doing so. 


“Good afternoon, Sir...” He looked over when his voice suddenly 
came to a pause. 


In his Spirit Vision, he saw the requester’s liver looking dim. It 
was nearly black in color. It was making the rest of his body 
unbalanced as his aura was thin in various places. 


Klein deliberated over his words and he said in a serious 
expression, “Sir, you should see a doctor and not seek a 
divination.” 


Bogda stood stunned on the spot as he immediately gave a 
pleasant look of surprise while muttering, “How fascinating...” 


“Anna wasn’t lying to me...” 


He hurriedly looked up at Klein in earnest. 


“Mr. Moretti, I've already seen a doctor and might have to 
undergo surgery. However, I’m frightened about the surgery. I 


would like to divine the outcome.” 


The surgery of this era is really fraught with danger... Although 
Emperor Roselle had given the impetus, this era still lacks most of 
the necessary technology... Klein didn’t reject his request and 
nodded slightly. 


“My divination fee is eight pence. Is that fine?” 


“Eight pence?” Bogda exclaimed in surprise. “You're only 
charging eight pence?” 


According to Anna’s description, and the performance Mr. Moretti 
had just shown me, I’m willing to pay at least a pound! 


Haven't you heard of small margins with large volume? Klein was 
embarrassed for a moment. After thinking for a few seconds, he 
calmly smiled and replied, “It is enough just being blessed with 
the ability to receive revelations from the divine and catch a 
glimpse of fate. Therefore, we must maintain our humility and 
suppress our greed. Only by doing so, can we continue being 
bestowed with our gifts.” 


“you are a true seer.” Bogda held his chest and bowed, his tone 
filled with sincerity. 


Upon receiving Bogda’s praise and trust, Klein’s spirituality 
seemed to relax. As for the description of his “principles”, it also 
gave him some new insight. 


“Miss. Angelica, is Topaz available?” He turned to the beautiful 
lady beside him. 


Angelica heaved a sigh of relief for Bogda as she smiled sweetly. 


“Yes.” 


After entering the divination room, Klein instructed Bogda to 
lock the door. Then, he sat behind the table and pinched his 
forehead. 


“Shall we use tarot cards for the divination?” he inquired with a 
smile. 


“Spirit Dowsing” was only suitable to determine matters related 
to him. As for drawing an astrolabe, it was too time consuming. 


“Tl leave it up to you.” Bogda had no objections. 


Therefore, Klein helped him shuffle and cut the deck before 
laying them out in an Intis formation. 


Thanks to his uniqueness as a Seer, Klein did not flip the other 
cards. Instead, he directly flipped the card that indicated the 
final result. 


“A reversed Wheel of Fortune. Things will develop badly.” he said 
solemnly as he shot a glance. 


The color in Bogda’s face drained instantly and his lips trembled. 


“Is it hopeless?” 


As Klein tried his best to think of a solution, he said, “Let me try 
a different divination method. Please leave your ring behind. 
Next, write your date of birth on this piece of paper. Then, please 
wait outside quietly.” 


Influenced by his gentle and comforting tone, Bogda calmed 
down and followed the instructions by writing down the 
information and leaving his ring behind. 


As he watched Bogda leave, Klein wrote a sentence on the piece 
of paper. 


“Outcome of Bogda Jones’s surgery.” 


He picked up the ring and paper slip and leaned back into his 
seat before using a dream divination technique. 


In a blurry and distorted world, he gradually found himself, only 
to see the gentleman collapse with an ashen expression. He was 
covered in white cloth as he was pushed out of the quaking 
operating room. 


This time, Klein didn’t encounter anything strange. He no longer 
felt the sense of being watched, so he quickly woke up. He 
knitted his brows tightly as he considered how he was going to 
inform Bogda about the outcome. 


The surgery may very well lead to death... I can try the restorative 
ritualistic magic I learned today... but that would expose the 
matter of Beyonders. Besides, I have to apply for Captain’s 
approval first... Yeah, and I might not be able to treat such a 
severe disease... Klein was racking his brains when he suddenly 
thought of something. 


“Mr. Glacis’s lung disease was treated by an apothecary. He said 
that the medicine was extremely miraculous... What was it? 
Right, Lawson Darkwade, 18 Vlad Street in East Borough. 
Lawson’s Folk Herb Store!” As he tried his best to memorize the 
address back then, Klein quickly remembered the details. 


He rapped the corners of the table and quickly made a decision. 


After using Spirit Dowsing to quickly determine if it was a good 
or bad idea, Klein walked out the door. When he saw Bogda 
stand up in a fluster, he returned his ring to him and said 
warmly with a smile, “I found hope for you.” 


“Really?” Bogda asked pleasantly surprised. 


Klein did not reply him as he continued talking. 


“your hope lies in the East Borough, on Vlad Street. It’s related to 
the single term Lawson.” 


“If you can’t find it, come back here again on Monday at four in 
the afternoon.” 


“Good. Good.” Bogda nodded as he repeated himself. He excitedly 
fished out his wallet and produced five pence and three pennies. 


He had done according to what Klein had said, without using 
tips to corrupt a true seer. 


The corners of Klein’s lips twitched as he received the money, but 
he smiled brilliantly. 


“I hope you will find hope as soon as possible.” 


After Bogda left, he handed over the commission like the 
previous time and also gave Angelica tips, pretending as though 
he had collected a soli. 


East Borough. Vlad Street. 


Bogda walked from one end of the street to the other, repeating it 
three times until his liver started to ache. 


Finally, he determined that there was only one place that had 
anything to do with Lawson on the street. It was the Lawson’s 
Folk Herb Store, numbered 18 on the street. 


Mustering his courage, he walked in and caught the smell of the 
various herbs. He saw that the owner of the shop had black but 
very short hair. His face was round and he looked to be in his 
thirties or forties. 


The boss’s formal attire resembled that of a village witchdoctor. 
It was a deep black robe embroidered with all kinds of strange 
symbols. 


“Hello, do you have medicine that can treat my disease?” Bogda 
asked politely. 


The boss raised his head and swept his deep blue eyes across 
Bogda and smiled. 


“your liver disease is very serious, but the premise of everything 
is whether you have the money. Do you have enough to pay for 
the medicine?” 


He can tell? Bogda suddenly felt a lot more confident as he 
nodded frantically. 


“How much is your medicine?” 


“Ten pounds. It’s a very fair price.” The boss fished out a bag of 
herbs from under the counter and said, “Add sufficient water 
and boil it into medicine. After boiling it, add ten drops of fresh 
rooster blood, then drink it down immediately. This bag of herbs 
can be cooked thrice. You will be fine after three times.” 


As he spoke, he opened the yellowish-brown paper and threw in 
all sorts of strange herbs. 


It sounds extremely shady... Bogda gulped down his saliva and 
said, “That’s it?” 


The boss stared at him and immediately smiled. 


“Do you still want something else? What about this bag? Once 
you recover from your liver disease, I can give you a guarantee 
that your wife will be very satisfied.” 


He chuckled as he took out a black-papered bag of herbs and 
suppressed his voice. 


“There’s mummy powder inside... Trust me, a lot of aristocrats 
consume this stuff. They put it in their tea or boil it as soup.” 


... Bogda’s confidence in the boss wavered to the point of feeling 
disgusted. 


I believe in Mr. Moretti... He took a deep breath, fished out his 
wallet, and pulled out the two biggest notes from what little was 
left of his gold pounds. 


Chapter 82: Carving 


Holding onto the yellowish-brown paper bag full of herbs, Bogda 
staggered out of the Lawson’s Folk Herb Store. 


While waiting for a tracked carriage, he suddenly came to a 
realization. 


He had spent ten pounds to buy a bag of stuff? 
This was nearly a month’s salary for him! 


If it wasn’t for his trust in Anna and Joyce, he wouldn’t have 
brought that much cash to the Divination Club! 


Could it be that the reason why Mr. Moretti only accepted eight 
pence for his divination, had something to do with his collusion 
with the boss of Lawson’s Folk Herb Store, so as to earn more? This 
was a classic scam written on the papers! When Bogda made this 
connection, he even began to suspect Klein a little. He even 
began suspecting Joyce and Anna. 


When a tracked carriage stopped in front of him, he looked at 
the herbs in his hand. Unable to bring himself to return, he 
entered the carriage with a heavy heart. 


Inside Lawson’s Folk Herb Store. 


As the boss watched Bogda leave, he suddenly turned his head 
and shouted at the door where there was a pile of herbs, 
“Scharmaine, stop purchasing herbs from today.” 


“W-why, Master?” A handsome-looking youth with disheveled 
hair walked out. 


The boss smiled and said, “This is the sixteenth customer that 
has come because of my fame. If this carries on, I believe the 
Nighthawks, the Machinery Hivemind, and the Mandated 
Punishers will notice me. When the time comes, Ill need to 
consider heading to other cities.” 


“Then, do we need to sublease this store?” Scharmaine nodded in 
understanding as he asked with concern. 


The boss chuckled. 


“If you wish to stay, you can be the boss of this store. You are 
already capable at identifying herbs and concocting medicine. Of 
course, remember to deposit half of your monthly profits into 
my anonymous Backlund Bank account.” 


“But, I haven’t learned what you are really good at.” Scharmaine 
was already sick of never staying in a city for more than a year, 
but he was unwilling to give up learning the magical formulas 
that his master was good at. 


The boss leisurely rocked himself in his seat. 


“That’s not something you can learn just because you want to...” 


A blackish-green bubbling liquid appeared in front of Bogda’s 
eyes. It smelled of stinking socks and the color that makes one 
want to puke made him deeply suspicious about everything he 
had done today. 


When the rooster blood was dropped into the medicine, Bogda’s 
father looked at his son worriedly and said, “I think surgery is 
the best option.” 


The few drops of rooster blood bubbled with the boiling liquid 
before vanishing. Bogda took a deep breath and said, “If this 
medicine is useless, Ill consider surgery.” 


“The Lord will watch over you.” Bogda’s father gestured a 
triangular Sacred Emblem across his chest. 


By the time the boiling liquid had cooled down, Bogda had no 
intention of wasting the ten pounds. He raised his right hand 
and closed his eyes. Flicking his head back, he gulped down the 
medicine in one go. 


The pungent aroma that had the noxious smell of blood, swished 
around in his mouth as he nearly spat out everything he had 
just drank. 


That night, Bogda had an upset stomach. He went to the 
bathroom six times, and by the time the crimson moon 
vanished, he fell asleep groggily. 


After an unknown period of time had passed, he jolted awake, 
having dreamed that he was being reprimanded by his boss at 


work. 


“Thankfully, I took three days of annual leave. I don’t have to 
rush to work.” Bogda heaved a sigh of relief when he discovered 
that he felt a lot more spirited. 


This was in stark contrast to the sluggish state he was in for the 
past few weeks. 


Bogda subconsciously reached out and pressed the right side of 
his abdomen. He noticed that the region which previously hurt 
when under slight pressure felt normal. He only felt the pain 
from ordinary pressure. 


“Don’t tell me it was really effective? That apothecary was clearly 
just fooling me...” Bogda was both surprised and doubtful as he 
got out of bed. He stretched himself and felt his health returning 
to him. 


He fell silent for a very long while as he muttered, “According to 
the apothecary, I still need to drink it twice. Once I’m done 
drinking, I'll go to the hospital to get a check up from a doctor... 


“That apothecary didn’t tell me how many times I can drink a 
day... 


“1 still think he’s a cheat...” 


Inside the civilian staff office of the Blackthorn Security 
Company, from his prior request, Klein received a space where 


no one would disturb him. 


He held a carving knife and emitted his spirituality. He seriously 
carved the incantations and symbols onto two silver accessories. 


The incantation was a request to avoid misfortune and was 
written in Hermes. The two mysticism symbols symbolized the 
Evernight Goddess as well as the Empress of Misfortune and 
Horror. 


Aside from that, Klein also added the Path Number that 
corresponded to the Goddess, 7, and the magical characteristic. 


In addition to that, charms and amulets had to be engraved on 
both sides; and each side’s symbols, incantations, and 
characteristics, their exact locations, or special formats was in 
the realm of mysticism. The ones that were spread amongst the 
ordinary populace were filled with mistakes. 


At that moment, Klein had a lot of damaged materials to his 
right. Through repeated practise, and only after he confirmed 
that he had enough practice, did he dare to begin creating the 
amulets for Benson and Melissa. 


As he calmed his mind, his spirituality spewed out from the tip 
of the carving knife. The number 7 appeared on the surface of 
the silver accessories. 


He had already finished carving the incantations and symbols 
on the other side of the accessory. All that was left was to finish 
the remaining side. 


After putting down his knife, all his spirituality chained together 


as Klein suddenly felt a strange, majestic, and terrifying energy 
surge throughout the room. 


The commotion quickly vanished as the incantations on both 
sides of the accessory became complete with Klein’s Spirit Vision. 
It emitted a serene blackness. 


He put down his carving knife and gently polished the silver 
accessory that was formed from a circle and a vertical piece. He 
felt a tinge of coolness from the mild-to-the-touch surface. 


“Its done!” He happily placed the finished amulet and another 
one that he had previously finished into his pocket, planning to 
find an opportunity to give it to Benson and Melissa. 


Amulets created by Beyonders possessed a certain level of 
effectiveness. They allowed the wearer to unknowingly avoid 
disasters to a certain extent, but it was nothing too ridiculous. 
Furthermore, their spirituality would wane bit by bit. Unless one 
used a high-level ritualistic magic and created a prayer set, a 
year was the maximum one could use them for. As for high-level 
ritualistic magic, there was a terrifyingly high spirituality 
requirement. It wasn’t something Klein could endure at the 
moment. 


When the time comes, I can use my spirituality to make another 
one... Klein thought, nodding as he began tidying up the messy 
table. 


He didn’t make one for himself for the moment, because an 
amulet of that level had limited effects on him. Therefore, his 
goal was to gain a deeper understanding of incantations before 
trying to pair it with ritualistic magic. That way he could create 
a few defensive amulets that could be activated specifically with 
sound. 


After everything was finished, Klein walked out the office and 
prepared to hand over the damaged materials. That was when 
he saw Captain Dunn walk over in his black trench coat. 


Dunn’s deep and gray eyes swept across him as he smiled. 


“Klein, the Holy Cathedral has approved it. You’re now an official 
member.” 


“Really? That’s great!” Klein expressed his delight. 


Dunn nodded and said with a smile, “You can now receive a 
make-up pay of three pounds for this week. You'll receive 4.50 
pounds every subsequent week until the advance payment is 
cleared. 


“By the way, did I mention the Nighthawks’ ritual? 


“Every official Nighthawk has to independently complete a 
mission. Only by doing so will you gain the recognition of your 
partners. In consideration of the outstanding performance you 
showed, I believe I can assign you an ordinary mission instead. 
When that happens, Ill formally introduce you to all the 
Nighthawks in Tingen City.” 


Klein replied without hesitation, “Alright!” 


Three pounds plus his compensation of seven pounds. Getting a 
new suit wasn’t a problem anymore! 


Furthermore, he would still have plenty left over! 


Well, who knows when my mission will arrive... 


Klein waited all the way till Sunday, the day of Selena’s birthday 
banquet. 


Changing into his formal suit and using a brush and 
handkerchief to tidy his half top hat, Klein looked himself in the 
mirror before walking over to the first floor in satisfaction. 


At that moment, Melissa was sizing up Benson’s clothes. 


“Is there a problem?” Benson raised his cane, feeling a little 
lacking due to his sister’s gaze. 


He felt that there was nothing wrong with him when he 
inspected himself. He was already dressed quite decently. 


Melissa stopped staring at him and said with a serious 
expression, “Benson, that is a very old suit you’re wearing.” 


“There will be a lot of excellent ladies and madams participating 
in today’s birthday banquet. I believe that by wearing that, it’ll be 
a form of disrespect to them.” 


Klein was originally filled with questions. However, when he 
heard Melissa’s emphasis, he immediately realized what was 
happening. He went over with a chuckle and said, “Benson and I 
share a similar build. He can wear my other tuxedo.” 


He had already informed his siblings about buying a new suit. 
He explained it away by saying that his clothes had been torn 
while inspecting certain objects. Therefore, the company 
generously compensated him. Of course, he concealed the matter 
of him being “promoted with a pay rise.” He was afraid of 
scaring them and only planned to tell them after half a year. 


Such an explanation made Benson and Melissa extremely 
envious. They felt that the Blackthorn Security Company was an 
impeccable employer. 


“There’s no need to, right?” Benson retorted, having not realized 
the gravity of the situation. 


“No, it’s extremely important.” Klein pushed Benson’s shoulders 
up the stairs. “My tuxedo is hanging on the clothes rack.” 


After watching Benson go up the stairs in a daze, Klein turned 
around and smiled at Melissa. 


“Are you hoping that Benson will use the opportunity provided by 
Selena’s birthday banquet to begin a beautiful new romance?” 


He had been reading quite a fair amount of newspapers and 
magazines recently. He knew that aristocrats and middle-class 
banquets were typically grounds for blind dates. 


Melissa nodded solemnly. 


“Yes, Benson has missed out too much because of us.” 


Sis, why are you like a mother... Klein looked at Melissa as he 


suddenly shook his head with an exasperated laugh. 


Chapter 84: Elizaheth 


Seeing the unconvinced look his sister’s face, Klein suddenly felt 
like it was a good opportunity. He sized her up and said with a 
solemn expression, “Melissa, I think you aren’t showing enough 
respect to today’s banquet as well.” 


“What?” Melissa wore a puzzled look. 
Klein pointed at her neck. 


“AS a lady, you are lacking a necklace that accentuates that 
area.” 


Without waiting for his sister to say another word, he smiled as 
he fished out a silver amulet wrapped with angel wings from his 
pocket. 


“Thankfully, I prepared one for you.” 


“...” Melissa was taken aback at first before she asked, “How 
much was it?” 


Sis, your concerns are really quite misplaced... Klein silently 
scoffed as he explained with a chuckle, “It’s actually not very 
expensive. Since it was in an incomplete state, I imitated an 
item that I’ve seen before and engraved blessing incantations 
and beautiful patterns on them.” 


“you engraved them?” Melissa was indeed distracted. 


“How is it? What do you think of my work?” Klein took the 
opportunity to hand over the amulet to his sister. 


Melissa studied it before gently biting down on her lip. 


“I like the surrounding angel feathers.” 


If you think the incantations and symbols I engraved are ugly 
then just say so. There’s no need to mince your words... An 
amulet’s value is in its effects! The corner of Klein’s mouth 
twitched. Just as he was about to urge his sister to accept it, he 
saw Melissa put on the necklace with a forced expression on her 
face. She then carefully adjusted the positioning of the amulet. 


“Perfect.” Klein sized her up and gave her exaggerated praise. 


Melissa shot him a glance and looked down at her amulet. She 
said listlessly, “Klein, you were never like that before. Acting like 
that...” 


“Perhaps it’s because of my good job. With a decent income, I’ve 
become more confident.” Klein interrupted his sister and gave a 
preemptive explanation. 


Sigh, even though I received the original Klein’s memory 
fragments, making myself appear natural in most major aspects, 
certain fine details are still there. I’m still used to presenting my 
real personality... Especially when I’m getting closer and more 
familiar with Benson and Melissa... He sighed inwardly. 


Melissa seemed to accept his explanation and pouted her lips. 


“It’s great that you're like that... really great...” 


After the two engaged in a short conversation, Benson came 
down having changed his clothes. He wore a white shirt with a 
black vested tuxedo. His black bowtie and a pair of long, straight 
trousers made it seem like he had undergone a complete 
makeover. It was like he was a successful businessman after 
years of hard work. 


Same for the receding hairline... Klein chuckled inwardly. 


“Excellent, Benson. It suits you very well,” he said with a brilliant 
smile while throwing up his hands. 


Melissa also nodded in agreement on the sideline. 


“The facts show that my clothing is more important than me.” 
Benson gave a Self-derisive comment. 


Klein took the opportunity to fish out the remaining amulet and 
repeated his explanation from earlier before saying, “I also made 
one for you.” 


“Not bad. I'll bring it with me.” Benson accepted it without a fuss 
as he quipped, “Klein, I wouldn’t find it odd, even if you were to 
suddenly know how to style your hair, make clothes, fix 
watches, and feed curly-haired baboons.” 


“Life is just so full of surprises,” Klein replied with a smile. 


Following that, the siblings tidied themselves up before walking 
out the main door. They took a trackless public carriage and 


arrived at the North Borough’s Fania Street where Selena’s house 
was. 


The Wood family lived in a terrace house as well, but unlike 
Klein’s place, they had a porch. They had a small lawn in the 
front which made it look very elegant. 


When they rung the doorbell, Klein, Benson, and Melissa only 
had to wait for around ten seconds before they were able to see 
the star of the day, Selena Wood. 


With a head covered in wine-red hair, the girl gave Melissa a 
delighted hug. 


“I like this dress of yours. It makes you look exceptionally 
beautiful.” 


Standing beside Selena Wood was her father, Mr. Wood, senior 
employee of Backlund Bank’s Tingen branch. 


“Welcome, our honorable elder brother. Welcome, our young 
historian.” He deliberately addressed Benson and Klein in an 
exaggerated manner. 


Young historian... Why doesn’t he add the description of me 
having a conscience?... Klein retorted as he took off his hat and 
replied with a smile, “Mr. Wood, you look much more spirited 
and younger than I imagined.” 


His style of flattery had unknowingly inclined himself to the 
Foodaholic Empire. 


Benson held out his hand and shook Wood’s hand. 


“I know a lot of bank employees, but they’re all equally arrogant 
and stiff, as though they’re the latest machines. None of them 
are as civilized as you.” 


“If you were to meet me at the bank, you might not say that 
about me.” Wood laughed cheerfully. 


After exchanging pleasantries, Selena, who was wearing a new 
dress, led the siblings inside with a hop in her step. At times, she 
would mention in her usual tone that, “Elizabeth is already 
here,” and at other times, she would suppress her voice saying, 
“Melissa, your brothers are more handsome than I imagined.” 


Hey, I have good hearing... Although you are flattering me... Klein 
helplessly looked at the two sixteen-year-old girls walking ahead 
of him. 


This isn’t right. I'm still quite far from being considered 
handsome... Tsk, Miss Selena, how ugly did you imagine Benson 
and I to be? A balding, gloomy, fat man with a pale expression 
and lifeless eyes? Klein pinched his glabella in passing as he 
diligently practiced his Spirit Vision. 


Miss Selena Wood is healthy. She’s excited and very happy... Mr. 
Wood’s lungs are a little problematic. Right, I see his pipe... Klein 
swept his gaze across the crowd while in a good mood. 


“Elizabeth, Melissa is here.” At that moment, Selena introduced 
with a brisk tone. 


A girl dressed in a blue frilly dress walked over. She had 


naturally curled brown hair and adorable baby fat. 


Klein was stunned when he saw her because he knew the girl. 


He had helped her choose an amulet back at the underground 
market! 


Elizabeth greeted Melissa first before looking at Benson and 
Klein. 


She was stunned and her brows knitted slightly, as though she 
was thinking about something. 


Soon, Elizabeth smiled and politely greeted them as though 
nothing had happened. 


Klein also pretended not to recognize her. Under Wood’s lead, 
they came to the sofa in the living room where they were 
introduced to Chris—Selena Wood’s brother—and the other 
guests. 


As Klein watched Benson chat with Chris and the other solicitors 
happily over the topic of their neighbor, Mr. Shaud, he couldn’t 
help but feel envious. 


I don’t have such socializing skills... He picked up a cocktail from 
a table in the corner of the room as he listened quietly. At times, 
he would nod and echo with a smile. 


It didn’t take long before all the guests arrived and the banquet 
officially began. 


As too many guests had been invited, the Wood family’s dining 
table could not accommodate everyone. Therefore, the banquet 
was done in a buffet manner. The lady's maid served the steak 
dishes, roast chicken, fried fish, mashed potatoes, etc and placed 
them on different tables. The valet was responsible for carving 
the meat, allowing for guests to take what they wanted. 


Klein couldn’t help but click his tongue when he saw the elegant 
enamel plates and silver cutlery. He felt that the Woods were 
being too extravagant as a middle-class family. 


Since they’re so rich, why would Chris need so many years to 
prepare for his wedding?” When he thought of what his sister 
had previously mentioned, he was puzzled. “Yeah, it was 
probably to save up money to buy this cutlery that would have 
taken them so many vears to afford. To such families, they have to 
look respectable! 


Amidst his mixed emotions, Klein picked up a plate and walked 
in front of a dining table. He forked a piece of honey-glazed 
roasted meat. 


At that moment, Elizabeth with her adorable baby fat cheeks 
came over. As she looked at the food, she whispered, “So you are 
Melissa’s brother... Thank you. Selena likes the amulet I gave her 
a lot. She said that she felt healthier the moment she wore it.” 


Selena... Amulet... Klein suddenly recalled the reason for 
selecting an amulet for the girl beside him. 


It was to give to a friend who liked mysticism as a birthday gift! 


That friend was Selena? Selena liked items related to mysticism? 
Klein frowned slightly as he smiled politely. 


“It might just be akin to a placebo effect.” 


After saying that, he began waiting for her to praise Emperor 
Roselle. 


However, Elizabeth’s reaction was that of confusion. 


“What’s a placebo effect?” 


“It means it’s completely psychological. At times, we believe that 
we will turn for the better and end up really becoming better,” 
Klein explained crudely. 


“No, she said it’s different from the amulets that she bought in 
the past. It feels different,” Elizabeth emphasized. 


She cocked her head and shot a glance at Klein and said 
curiously, “I never expected Melissa’s brother to be an expert at 
mysticism.” 


“As you know, I studied history, so it’s common to encounter 
similar matters.” Klein diverted the topic skillfully as he asked, 
“Are you also studying at the Tingen Technical School?” 


“No, Selena and I were Melissa’s former schoolmates. Later, she 
went to a technical school. I study at the nearby Ivos Public 
School,” Elizabeth explained seriously. 


A public school wasn’t established and maintained by the 
government. Instead, it was a school that accepted students 
from the public. It was an evolution of good grammar schools 
whose goal was to groom graduates so as to enter university. The 


schools were rather expensive and they would consider the 
students’ family background. It could even be out the of range of 
typical middle-class families. 


She didn’t talk much. After choosing her food, she returned to 
Selena’s side. 


After congratulating the star of the day on a happy birthday, the 
banquet gradually came to an end. Klein and Benson were 
invited to a game of Texas hold’em. The small blind was half a 
penny, and the big blind was a penny. As for Melissa, Elizabeth, 
Selena, and their friends, they went upstairs. It was unknown if 
they were chatting or playing games. 


Klein’s luck was pretty bad. He played about twenty rounds, but 
didn’t receive a good hand at all. All he could do was fold and be 
a spectator. 


When he flipped the ends of his cards again, he found a Two of 
Hearts and a Five of Spades. 


“Shall I try a bluff once?” Klein considered for a moment, but did 
not manage to muster the courage. He also resisted the urge to 
use divination to cheat. 


He covered his cards and rapped the table, indicating that he was 
not making a call. Then, he got up and left the table to head for 
the bathroom. 


Roselle was also a person with a obsessive-compulsive disorder. He 
actually found an odd reason to name the play style Texas... Klein 
shook his head as he proceeded forward. 


At that moment, he suddenly came to a halt as his pupils 
constricted. 


His spiritual perception told him that there was a strange 
fluctuation upstairs! 


Chapter 85: Urgency 


The strange, twisted, and obscure fluctuation was short-lived. 
Shortly afterwards, Klein even suspected that he was 
hallucinating. 


If he wasn’t considered rather skilled at spiritual perception, it 
was very likely that he would’ve written off the abnormality. 


Klein frowned as he thought of his sister upstairs. He tightly held 
onto his cane as he went around the bathroom and hobbled to 
the Wood household’s staircase. 


He quickly went upstairs while following the traces with his 
spiritual perception before arriving at the living room beside the 
balcony. 


This should be it... Klein mumbled as he raised his hand and 
tapped twice on his glabella. 


Auras penetrated the walls and the large wooden door before 
entering his vision. Most of the colors were ordinary with a 
blurry outline. 


However, one of them in particular was rippling with a sinister 
dark green color over its surface that slowly corroded inwards. 


Just as I thought, something wasn’t right. Klein wore a usually 
stern expression as he reached out with his right hand and 
removed the silver chain which was wrapped around his left 
wrist. 


He held the silver chain in his left hand, allowing the topaz to 
dangle before him. 


When the topaz stopped swinging, he traced the spherical light 
and chanted inwardly, “The room before me has danger caused 
by the supernatural.” 


Normally, spirit dowsing was only suitable for divining 
something that was related to him or the specific circumstances 
in a small region around him. As such, Klein described the chant 
in very specific manner—the ‘danger’ could affect him and the 
room was right in front of him. 


“The room before me has danger caused by the supernatural.” 


After repeating the chant seven times, Klein eyes widened as he 
saw the topaz rotating in a clockwise motion rapidly. 


It was an indication that there was indeed danger caused by the 
supernatural inside the room, and it was of considerable danger! 


Selena is a mysticism enthusiast. Did something go extremely 
wrong when she was dabbling with some sort of ritual? What 
should I do? Klein massaged his brows and wrapped the chain 
around his wrist before knocking on the door. 


Thump! Thump! Thump! 


He knocked on the door three times rhythmically and wore an 
amiable smile on his face. 


The door opened with a creak. Melissa, who was wearing her 
new dress, appeared in front of Klein. 


“Klein, is something wrong?” The girl didn’t expect her brother to 
be here, so she was momentarily surprised. 


Klein responded with a smile, without any sign of distress. 


“I was just curious since I heard you gals enjoying yourselves.” 


“Sorry for disturbing all of you.” Melissa lowered her head in 
apology, feeling somewhat embarrassed. “We're playing with 
magic mirror divination. Selena knows a lot and it’s very fun.” 


Magic mirror divination... Sis, why don’t you gals play Charlie 
Charlie challenge [{i| or Ouija boards [2|? Klein shook his head, 
feeling both peeved and amused. 


He looked behind Melissa and into the living room. He saw 
Selena with her beaming smile and deep dimples. 


However, in his Spirit Vision, the wine-red haired girl, who was 
holding a silver-coated mirror, was being encroached by the 
sinister dark green colors. 


As his mind whirled, Klein deliberated over his words and said, 
“Heh heh, I won’t be interrupting your game. Ah, right. Where’s 
Elizabeth? I had chatted with her over Feysac grammar. She 
mentioned that she wanted to ask me some questions.” 


“Elizabeth?” Melissa sized her brother up and said in an 
eccentric tone to emphasize her words. “She’s only 16.” 


Hey, don’t let your imagination go wild! Klein immediately 
explained, “It’s a very normal academic discussion. Elizabeth is 
very interested in history and ancient languages.” 


Melissa took a deep look at her brother before saying, “She’s 
inside. I'll inform her.” 


“Alright.” Klein took a step back and moved away from the door. 


While watching his sister turn around, he heaved a sigh of relief. 
Although it wasn’t the best of reactions, he was thankful that the 
person in a danger wasn’t Melissa. 


He only waited for about ten seconds before a puzzled Elizabeth 
walked out. She asked curiously, “Mr. Moretti, what’s the 
matter? I never said I was interested in history and ancient 
languages...” 


At that moment, her sentence was halted by Klein’s stern and 
solemn expression. Her nerves tightened as she seemed to sense 
that something wasn’t right. 


Klein took a few steps diagonally as a gesture for Elizabeth to 
hide partially behind the door. 


The girl with the chubby baby fat was influenced by the sudden 
serious atmosphere so she unknowingly followed. 


“AS you know, I’m a mysticism enthusiast.” Klein halted and 
turned around, speaking directly to the point. 


Elizabeth nodded and replied, “Yes, I even believe that you're an 


expert at mysticism.” 


“No, 'm only an enthusiast, but this doesn’t stop me from 
noticing that your magic mirror divination has turned into a 
problem,” Klein said with a heavy tone. 


“A problem?” Elizabeth nearly raised her voice as she hurriedly 
raised her hands to cover her mouth. 


Klein thought for a moment before saying, “I know words alone 
will make it difficult for you to believe me. Return to the room 
and when Selena isn’t paying attention, steal a glance at the 
front of the mirror which Selena has hidden away from all of 
you.” 


“How do you know that she hid the front of the mirror from us?” 
Elizabeth blurted out. 


According to the information from the Nighthawks, more than 
ninety percent of the time, magic mirror divination cases which 
involve evil share such similarities... Klein smiled and said, 
“General knowledge.” 


When the doubtful and frightened Elizabeth returned to the 
room, his composed smile vanished instantly. His face looked 
wotried. 


Even though we're all in the North Borough, to go from Fania 
Street to Zouteland Street will take at least 15 minutes of travel by 
public carriage. By the time Captain arrives after making a round 
trip, the situation might have deteriorated to a hopeless state... If 
only Benson and Melissa wasn’t here... But I can’t deal with those 
hidden and unknown existences... Do I have any means to contain 
it... Right, Selena is a mysticism enthusiast. Her room definitely 
has no lack of extracts, essential oils, herbs, and other items... 


Just as Klein was racking his brains for a solution, Elizabeth sat 
next to Selena by using an excuse of discussing something with 
her. 


A girl opposite her sipped a mouthful of red wine, and under the 
teasing looks of everyone, despite her blushing, she mustered 
her courage to ask, “Can you help me divine when Ill meet a 
romantic and handsome gentleman?” 


Selena lightly coughed twice as she rubbed the mirror’s back and 
said, “Mirror, mirror, tell me. When will the gentleman in 
Yonina’s heart appear?” 


After repeating it three times, she picked up the mirror and 
raised it in front of her. 


Seizing this opportunity, Elizabeth suddenly turned her body and 
stretched out her head to take a glance. 


According to her expectations, she felt that she would see 
Selena’s face and half her face. 


However, the only thing she saw was Selena. 


The tiny mirror only had Selena, and it was Selena’s entire body! 


The mirror was completely pitch-black, with Selena standing in 
the middle with a cold expression! 


Elizabeth trembled all over as she lunged backward and leaned 
against the sofa. She momentarily forgot to breathe. 


She involuntarily trembled and without giving an excuse, got up 
immediately, stumbling to the door. She didn’t even dare to turn 
back to look at the beaming Selena. 


“yonina’s gentleman will appear on the Sunday of the second 
week, half a year later...” 


Amidst giggles, Elizabeth opened the door and left the room to 
see Klein who was standing in the shadows of the wall lamps in 
his tuxedo and half top hat. 


“Mr. Moretti, I-I...” she stammered in a daze. 


Klein calmly smiled. 


“Don't disturb the girls and ladies inside.” 


Infected by his smile, Elizabeth calmed down significantly. She 
extended her hand and closed the door as she quickly walked 
over to the wall lamp. 


“I saw it. I saw only Selena inside the mirror. A devil-like 
Selena...” she whispered hoarsely. 


Indeed... Klein’s expression turned serious as he asked in a deep 
voice. 


“Do you know which is Selena’s bedroom? Do you know where 
her mysticism items are?” 


“There. The mysticism items are in there as well.” Elizabeth 


didn’t hesitate to point at a room diagonally across. 


Klein held his cane and walked over, opening the unlocked 
wooden door. Under the streetlights and the crimson moon’s 
illumination, he turned a valve and lit a gas lamp. 


A pale yellow light glowed as he swept the area and found bottles 
of extracts, flower essence, boxes of herbal powder, candles and 
amulets. 


These items were placed on tables or neatly arranged inside a 
rack. Their names were given on sticker labels. 


After confirming the items, Klein said to Elizabeth who had 
followed behind him, “Do you want to save Selena?” 


“yes!” Elizabeth subconsciously nodded before asking in a daze, 
“will it be dangerous?” 


“A certain amount. After all, ’'m only a mysticism enthusiast,” 
Klein replied frankly. 


“A certain amount of danger...” Elizabeth pursed her lips tightly 
for a few seconds before saying, “Is there anything you need 
from me?” 


Klein smiled warmly as he comforted her, “Don’t be nervous. 
Now, all you have to do is pretend to return as though nothing 
had happened. Return to Selena’s side. Five minutes later— 
remember—five minutes later, tell Selena that you have a 
pleasant surprise and bring her to me. Knock on the door softly, 
one long knock and two short ones. Following that, well—leave 
it to me.” 


Elizabeth thought over it silently before nodding seriously. 


“alright.” 


Seeing her return to the living room, Klein glanced at his pocket 
watch. He closed Selena’s bedroom and quickly cleared the desk. 
Then, he picked the items needed and placed them on a chair. 


Immediately following that, he picked up two faint candles with 
a light aroma. He placed them on the upper left and right 
corners of the desk. 


They were symbols representing the Lady of Crimson and the 
Empress of Misfortune and Horror. 


Klein planned on holding a ritual here to borrow the Evernight 
Goddess’s powers to ward off the mysterious and unknown 
existence that was affecting Selena! 


As he was only a Sequence 9, the ritualistic magic he knew 
wasn't strong enough. In order to succeed, he needed Elizabeth to 
lure Selena into a sealing circle, right in the vicinity of the altar! 


Therefore, he needed to consider situations in which Selena 
might notice and resist! 


Due to these reasons, Klein planned on using suspension-style 
ritualistic magic. 


1.A paper-and-pencil game played using held or 


balanced pencils to produce answers to questions they 
ask. 


2. A board with letters, numbers, and other signs around 
its edge, to which a planchette, movable pointer, or 
upturned glass moves, supposedly in answer to 
questions from people at a seance. 


Chapter 86: Prayer 


Suspension-style ritualistic magic referred to the termination of 
a ritual according to the Beyonder’s judgment. They could finish 
other matters first before returning to continue the ritual. Even 
by doing so, it was still possible to gain the desired effects. 


This was a technique produced over 1000 years of ritualistic 
magic development. After all, many high-level ritualistic magic 
required multiple steps. The duration ranged from an hour to 
half a day before finishing. It was difficult to ensure that no one 
disturbed them during the entire process or that there wouldn’t 
be any accidents. 


After gaining lessons from various predecessors through blood 
and tears, gaining feedback through each failure, being able to 
suspend ritualistic magic became mainstream at the higher 
levels while it also indirectly affected the lower level rituals. 


However, being able to suspend a ritual didn’t mean that the 
ritual could be suspended at any time. One had to abide by 
mysticism theory and grasp the corresponding technique. If not, 
the failure of the ritual was unavoidable. it could even result ina 
terrifying backlash effect. 


Based on Klein’s understanding, once one gained the attention of 
a particular divinity, and the divinity was waiting on the 
contents of the request, to suddenly say, “Wait, I need to use the 
bathroom,” one can only be congratulated since they might 
never need to go to the bathroom ever again. 


Phew... Klein heaved a sigh of relief as he composed himself. 


Even though he had held many luck-enhancement rituals and 
had even designed a corresponding ritual that made an attempt 
at Justice and The Hanged Man, this was his first actual 
ritualistic magic that abided by the rules. 


After looking at the silver-inlaid cane by the side of the bed, 
Klein picked up the third candle and placed it in the middle of 
the desk to represent himself. 


He placed the silver bowl that Selena used for rituals in front of 
the third candle and replaced the ax with a Sacred Emblem. On 
the left were extracts and essential oils of the Moon flower, 
Slumber flower, and other plants. While on the right, he placed a 
plate of salt, a small silver dagger, a piece of fake goatskin, anda 
quill that was dipped in ink. 


Luckily, Selena had a complete inventory; otherwise, he wouldn’t 
have had any way to complete the preparations. As for the 
moderately fast rituals that Old Neil could perform, they were 
not something a Seer could do... 


From the looks of it, Selena is quite an experienced mysticism 
enthusiast. Yes, if she wasn’t experienced then she wouldn't 
have gotten into such trouble... She was only 16 and had been 
exposed to all of this for at least a year... Who had guided her? 
Ideas flashed through his mind as he picked up Selena’s cup 
from the bed. He poured plain water into it and placed it beside 
the coarse salt. 


He took out his pocket watch and popped it open. He didn’t delay 
any further after taking a glance at it. He traced layers of the 
spherical light in his mind and quickly entered Cogitation. 


The room that was filled with floral fragrance, was suddenly 
subject to a formless whirlwind. Klein put away his pocket 
watch and his eyes suddenly turned darker, from brown to 


black, as though he could see through one’s soul. 


He extended his palm and laid it against the candle on the top 
right corner. He chanted inwardly, “Evernight Goddess, you are 
the Lady of Crimson!” 


As Klein chanted, he extended his spirituality and rubbed the 
candle wick. After a couple of moments, the candle suddenly lit 
up, and there was a tranquil blue inside the dim yellow light. 


“Evernight Goddess, you are the Empress of Misfortune and 
Horror!” 


Just like he did before, Klein successfully lit up the second candle 
on the top left corner. 


“Iam your loyal guard; the shield that fends against danger in 
the dark night, and the long spear that stabs at evil in the 
silence!” 


Whoosh! 


The third candle that symbolized Klein began to burn. 


The flame was still. He picked up the small silver knife and 
mimicked Old Neil’s motions. He used incantations, coarse salt, 
and plain water to fulfill the purification. 


Then, he let his spirituality that he had gathered spewed out 
from the tip of the silver dagger, and naturally merged them as 
one. 


With the silver knife in hand, Klein walked around the bedroom 
—kneeling when he came to the bed—and sealed the area with a 
formless barrier. 


The light from the street lamp outside the window suddenly 
disappeared, but the red light was still shining through quietly. 


Klein returned to the study desk and picked up the quill. With 
Spirituality and ink, he drew incantations and symbols to ward 
off misfortune. 


When all of that was finished, he put down the things he was 
holding. Then, he trickled a drop of extract, flower essence, and 
essential oils on each of the three candles. 


Sizzle! 


A faint fog filled the room which suddenly possessed an 
additional hint of mystery. 


Next, he burned a few types of herbs before taking a step back 
from the mixture of fragrances and began reciting the 
corresponding incantation in the suspension ritualistic magic. 


“Standing higher than the cosmos and more eternal than 
eternity, the Evernight Goddess. 


“I pray for your loving grace. 


“I pray for you to show your loving grace to a devout believer of 
yours. 


“I pray for the power of the Crimson. 


“I pray for the powers of Misfortune and Horror. 


“I pray that you will cleanse your devout believer, Selena Wood, 
from evil’s corruption and be safe from danger. 


“I pray that you would wait for a moment, a moment for that 
unfortunate girl.” 


“Moon flower, a herb that belongs to the red moon, please 
bestow your powers to my incantation! 


“Slumber flower, a herb that belongs to the red moon, please 
bestow your powers to my incantation!” 


After reciting the incantation, Klein closed his eyes and repeated 
it seven times in his heart. 


He saw that there was nothing out of the ordinary at the altar. 
He then lifted the silver dagger again and took a few steps back 
to the door of Selena’s bedroom. 


He tapped his chest in four spots, forming the shape of the 
crimson moon. He then turned around and raised his silver 
dagger. 


His spirituality spewed out from the tip once again and sliced 
open the shape of a door in the formless wall. 


Klein knew that even if he opened the door at that very moment, 
it wouldn’t affect the tranquility and holiness of the altar. 


He took out his silver vine-leaf pocket watch that had an 
intricate pattern. He checked the time and went through the 
process that was to happen in a few moments. 


In the living room on the second floor. 


Elizabeth’s body was quivering as she lifted her head from time 
to time to check the wall clock. She was counting down in 
silence under the illumination of the two gas lamps. 


“It's almost time...” As she spoke softly, she looked sideways at 
the lively girl with long wine-red hair. Her dimples were deep, 
her smile was bright, and she gossiped well with all the friends 
around her. 


But the more everything looked normal, the more terrified 
Elizabeth felt. The cold and terrifying Selena in the mirror 
seemed to be in her head, and she couldn't wipe the image away. 


I can’t wait anymore! I have to take action now! Elizabeth 
suddenly stood up. Before everyone’s shocked gazes, she smiled 
and stuttered, “Selena, I-I have a surprise for y-you. Follow me 
out for a bit.” 


“Really? Didn’t you give me a birthday present already?” Selena 
flipped the mirror the other way around and stood up in 
surprise. 


“A surprise will n-not have any signs.” Elizabeth felt that she had 
no talent in acting at all. 


Without saying another word, she walked toward the bedroom 
door first. Selena followed behind with a confused smile. 


Melissa looked at her two best friends leaving, and 
unconsciously knitted her eyebrows. 


Elizabeth is acting so strange todavy... 


She started acting even stranger after she met Klein... 


She suddenly ran out earlier and said that she needed to use the 
bathroom, but why did she look so anxious? 


Selena’s bedroom entrance. 


Elizabeth took a deep breath and said to the girl in front of her, 
“Let’s go to your room.” 


“Elizabeth, you seem very nervous and afraid. Why?” Selena 
looked puzzled at her good friend as she noticed her body 
trembling constantly. 


“Excitement! Yes, excitement!” Elizabeth shot a glance at the 
mirror in Selena’s hand as she turned half her body around to 
knock on the door with a long knock followed by two short 
successive ones. 


“Why are you knocking on the door...” Selena was baffled even 
more. 


Creak. Her bedroom door opened. Dressed in his black tuxedo 
and half top hat, Klein appeared in front of the two girls. 


“Pleasant surprise? This is a pleasant surprise?” Selena’s mouth 
turned agape as she felt perplexed. 


At that moment, Klein suddenly reached out his hand and 
grabbed her by the wrist. He pulled her into the room as 
Elizabeth stood rooted to the ground. 


Simultaneously, Klein’s silver dagger struck forward as it spewed 
out his spirituality which quickly mended the door-shaped 
passage. 


The invisible spirituality wall sealed off the room, insulating 
Selena’s screams within. 


Bang! 


Klein suddenly closed the door and without even looking at 
Selena, he rushed to the desk. 


The wine-red haired girl stopped screaming as she looked up and 
surveyed the room. 


Her gaze rapidly turned cold as her skin was mottled with 
paleness. Her fingers rapidly grew sharp fingernails. 


And at this moment, Klein had already returned to his Cogitation 
state. He trickled a drop of Moon flower and essential oil onto 
each candle as he chanted loudly, “Supreme Lady of Crimson, 
Great Empress of Misfortune and Horror. 


“I pray for you to bestow your loving grace. 


“Show your loving grace to the lost lamb, Selena Wood!” 


While chanting, he picked up the fake goatskin and pushed it 
onto the candle representing the requester. 


Whoosh! 


He felt a cold wind blow behind him as an immense energy 
assaulted his body. 


The goat skin was ignited and Klein threw it into a silver bowl. 
Then, he crouched downwards in accordance to his preparations 
to dodge the lethal strike. 


Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! 


The wind howled ferociously, and Klein felt the uncontrolled 
outpouring of his spirituality surging like the currents. 


He saw the goatskin burning in the tiny silver bowl, burning in 
silent darkness, and he heard heavy items landing on the 


ground behind him. 


Bam! Bang! 


The two sounds followed one after another with almost no 
breaks in between. Wisps of dark green gases plunged into the 
silver bowl and vanished into the illusory darkness. 


Klein rolled to the side and got up. He drew his revolver from his 
underarm holster. However, he saw that the adorable red-haired 
girl Selena had fallen to the ground and the silver-coated mirror 
had shattered into countless broken pieces on the carpet. 


Those shattered pieces didn’t reflect Selena, but showed the 
ceiling and Klein’s silhouette. 


Then, through the Spirit Vision he had left active, Klein saw the 
wicked dark green in Selena’s aura had vanished completely. 
Everything returned to normal, but she seemed more frail. 


Phew... He had just relaxed when he felt a sharp, throbbing pain 
in his glabella and head. 


The sharp pain spread all over his body and made him want to 
roll around on the floor. 


Klein held his fists tight, and the veins on the back of his hands 
popped and became black. They looked like moving worms. 


Simultaneously, he heard silent screams and the whispers that 
ripped at his mind. 


It took him nearly twenty seconds to survive the ordeal. His 
forehead and vest was soaked in cold sweat. 


The ritualistic magic I used sucked up all my spirituality and 
almost made my Beyonder powers lose control? Klein made a 
rough guess of the situation. 


That also made him notice that he had digested quite a bit of the 
remaining energy in the potion. Based on his calculations, if he 
had the strength at the time he consumed the potion, he 
believed that there was no way he could have survived the 
ordeal. He could have become a monster straightaway. 


“Acting” is quite effective after all... Klein tapped his glabella and 
wiped away his sweat. 


He turned towards the altar, tapped his chest four times, and 
said out loudly, “Praise the Lady!” 


Following that, he extinguished the candles and quickly tidied up 
the altar. 


Finally, he placed the items back into the desk and used his 
silver dagger to dispel the spirituality wall seal. 


Whoosh! 


The sound of the wind echoed before subsiding. Klein let out a 
long sigh of relief and felt a sense of lingering fear. 


“If I hadn’t walked through the process beforehand and 
successfully completed the ritual then things would have 


become troublesome... Besides, I still don’t know who my 
opponent or enemy is... Thankfully—yes—thankfully, the room 
was carpeted, so I didn’t damage my clothes while rolling...” 


He shook his head and reached out to open the wooden door to 
Selena’s bedroom. 


“How was it?” Elizabeth took two steps back and asked 
nervously. 


Klein looked at her terrified expression and took off his half top 
hat before saying with a warm smile, “I’ve already corrected the 
mistake of her magic mirror divination. It’s been resolved now.” 


Chapter 87: Exhortation 


“Has it really been resolved?” Elizabeth asked in disbelief. 
Klein smiled and nodded casually. 

“Yes.” 

“It wasn’t too hard.” 

That last part was a lie... He added inwardly. 


Perhaps it was the fact that Klein had been calm and collected 
all this time, or perhaps he was her only ray of hope. Either way, 
Elizabeth didn’t doubt him any more. She patted her chest and 
heaved a sigh of relief. 


“Thank you. You truly are a trustworthy gentleman. I was scared 
senseless just now. 


“How is Selena? Is she fine now?” 


“She might remain unconscious for the next few minutes, but 
she’s completely fine now. Oh, two to three days of weakness is 
to be expected.” Klein suddenly had a stern expression on his 
face as he asked, “Who taught her mysticism? Didn't he tell her 
about the basic taboos?” 


Elizabeth straightened up a little more like a student who had 


just been scolded by her teacher. 


She thought for a moment before saying, “Selena once 
mentioned that her teacher is Hanass Vincent. She met him a 
year ago at the Divination Club on Howes Street.” 


Hanass Vincent... On the surface, he didn’t seem to teach anything 
questionable about magic mirror divination, but he secretly been 
teaching dark divination... If I knew about this earlier, then I 
would have reported it to Captain and have raided him earlier... 
Klein felt some regret as he asked in a deep voice, “Was he also 
the one who taught Selena magic mirror divination?” 


Klein was left with a lingering sense of fear because this matter 
had nearly affected his sister—Melissa! 


Elizabeth nodded cautiously. 


“yes, but Selena had tried magic mirror divination a few times 
without any success. Oh, today she told me that she had a peek 
at her teacher’s hidden incantations and that there would be no 
problems.” 


She was basically an expert at courting death... Klein massaged 
his temples to alleviate his headache. 


“Do you still remember the incantations she recited?” 


Well... Although Hanass Vincent had not voluntarily imparted the 
dangerous knowledge to Selena, it’s obvious that he had been 
experimenting with it to extend an invitation to a mysterious, 
unknown entity. This would become a problem sooner or later. It 
has to be dealt with quickly before it gets worse and becomes a 


problem for someone else... 


“I remember a part of it...” Elizabeth recalled. “She recited it in 
Hermes. AS you know, I was only exposed to Hermes just 
recently. All I remember is her using the terms ‘revolve,’ ‘spirit,’ 
‘Creator,’ and ‘grace.” 


Creator? The True Creator? Many underground mysticism 
enthusiasts believe in this ancient entity revered by many secret 
organizations... Yes, an entity that appeared 1000 years ago 
during the early stages of the Fifth Epoch! Klein nodded amidst 
his thought and said, “Remember to ask Selena about the entire 
incantation after she wakes up, then find an opportunity to tell 


” 


me. 


“Alright,” Elizabeth replied without any reservations. 


But she immediately asked, feeling a little confused, “Mr. 
Moretti, why don’t you ask her yourself?” 


“I don’t want to let Melissa know I enjoy mysticism. Can you 
help me keep that a secret?” Klein asked in return. 


Elizabeth bit her lips, her eyes sparkling. 


“No problem. Melissa prefers machines to mystery. She likes 
logic over instinct.” 


Klein placed his hat in front of his chest and bowed 
gentlemanly. 


“Thank you for your understanding. As for Selena, you do know 


that she’s not someone who can keep a secret.” 


“A more accurate description is that she likes to share secrets 
with others,” Elizabeth agreed. 


Klein put on his hat and thought for a moment before saying, 
“Remember to tell Selena after she wakes up that she suddenly 
fainted and shattered her mirror. I think her memory probably 
stopped at the point when she began the magic mirror 
divination.” 


Seeing Elizabeth nod, he put on a stern expression once again 
and said, “Remember, be it divinations or trying other mysticism 
rituals, do not pray to any other entities other than the seven 
orthodox divinities! You should immediately burn those types of 
incantations and stay far away from anyone distributing those 
materials! 


“If 1 hadn’t noticed this in time, Selena would have turned into a 
monster or an evil spirit in ten minutes, and everyone here 
would have been killed, myself included!” 


Thinking about the ice-cold Selena in the mirror, Elizabeth had 
no doubts about what Klein had just said. She sighed with 
lingering fear and said, “I understand and I'll remember. Ill also 
keep an eye on Selena.” 


“Alright, go and take care of Selena.” Klein raised his black cane 
and walked toward the stairway. 


As he walked, his eyes became darker. He took out a single 
penny with his right hand and flicked it into the air. 


“Selena is alright now. 


“Selena is alright now.” 


Klein quickly repeated the description, then caught the falling 
coin. He saw George III’s face facing upward. 


This was not a simplification of spirit dowsing. Instead, it was a 
simplification of dream divination. At that moment, Klein had 
forced himself into a state of sleep with the aid of Cogitation in 
order to take a tour through the spirit world. The heads and tails 
of the coin were a symbolic manifestation. 


Heads represented affirmation, while tails indicated dissent! 


Great, everything is fine now... Klein twirled the bronze coin with 
his fingers happily. 


That was a simplification only a Seer could accomplish. 


Elizabeth was staring at Klein’s back and saw the flying coin 
before he caught it. 


Only when Klein vanished down the staircase did she turn to 
enter the bedroom. She saw Selena asleep on the floor with 
shattered pieces of the mirror beside her. 


She held her breath and tiptoed into the room as she looked at 
the fragments of the mirror. She made sure that the ice-cold 
Selena was no longer present; instead, the fragments were 
reflecting the ceiling. 


Phew. Put completely at ease, Melissa heaved a long sigh of 
relief. 


But despite her efforts, she couldn’t move Selena to the bed. 
Instead, she nudged her awake. 


“Elizabeth... What happened to me? Did I get drunk?” Selena 
asked weakly, the glow in her eyes having turned considerably 
dull while her eyes were filled with confusion. 


Elizabeth thought for a moment and replied in a serious tone, 
“No, Selena, something happened to you. Your magic mirror 
divination invited a malicious entity.” 


“Is that so?” Selena weakly made her way to the bed with 
Elizabeth’s help. She rubbed her temple as she said, “All I 
remember is when I started the magic mirror divination.” 


Elizabeth told a half-truth, “You were a completely different 
person during the ritual. The you in the mirror was completely 
different from the you in real life... 1 was very scared. Using the 
excuse of giving you a surprise, I brought you into the bedroom 
before I snatched your mirror and shattered it onto the carpet. 
After that... after that, you fainted.” 


“Blessed be the Goddess, you’re okay now!” 


“I-I don’t remember anything...” Selena muttered, her face pale. 


The more Selena tried to remember, the emptier her mind 
became, and the more afraid she felt. 


Subconsciously, she glanced at her desk and noticed that the 
placement of items was clearly different. 


Just what happened exactly... Selena tried hard to remember, but 
she could only faintly remember a man in a black suit and hat. 
He was not strong or tall, but he had a straight back. 


“Selena,” Elizabeth said seriously, “I met a mysticism expert 
when I went to the underground market to purchase the amulet. 
He said that we shouldn't pray to any entity other than the seven 
orthodox divinities. Otherwise, we would be sure to invite 
disaster. Promise me, don’t try this anymore. I didn’t even know 
if what I did could save you just now!” 


Selena was scared senseless. She nodded in a daze. 


“No more, I'll never try this again!” 


“And, just what did the incantations of your mysticism mean? If 
I have the chance to meet the mysticism expert again, I will ask 
him for you,” Elizabeth asked, feigning nonchalance. 


Selena rubbed her temple and said, “Spirit that revolves this 
world, the grace of the True Creator, the eyes that look at fate.” 


Tap! Tap! Tap! 


Klein smoothed the creases and patted the dust off his clothes as 
he walked down the stairs. 


After that, he took off his hat and returned slowly to the long 
dining table. 


“Where did you go? It has been nearly 10 minutes,” Selena’s 
brother, Chris, asked as he folded his hand. 


Klein smiled and replied, “To the bathroom, then upstairs to 
acquaint myself with the ladies.” 


“I appreciate your honesty,” Chris praised in laughter. 


He had the red hair and short build that ran in their family. He 
wore gold-framed glasses and had quite the personality; he was 
an exceptional lawyer. 


You wouldn’t say that if you knew that I had knocked your sister 
unconscious upstairs... Klein replied humbly, “We were merely 
engaging in academic discussion.” 


In the area of mysticism... 


He put down his hat and returned to his seat. He received his 
two cards as the new round started. 


Flipping up the corner of his cards, he saw the King of Spades 
and the Ace of Diamonds. 


Looks like I became luckier... Is this payback for doing a good 


deed? Klein took out a coin in preparation to place his bet. 


Since Hanass didn’t intentionally reveal the incantation to Selena, 
there’s no need for me to urgently report this to Captain... 


He continued his cautious playstyle in the following rounds, only 
betting when he had a good hand. He didn’t take any chances to 
bluff and didn’t win much. When the game ended at half past 
ten, he had won six pence. 


“I won two soli and eight pence.” Benson fiddled with the notes 
and coins in his hand. 


“I didn’t expect you to be an expert at poker,” Klein praised, 
laughing. 


“No, I don’t play often, but I know that this is the same as 
negotiation. You have to hide your cards and figure out the 
hidden cards that people have before using various means to 
scare or entice them...” Benson hadn't finished his sentence 
when he saw Melissa and the rest coming down from the second 
floor. 


“It’s time to go home,” said Klein as he glanced at his sister and 
her friends while rubbing his temples. 


The throbbing pain in his head remained. 


After that, Klein went to the bathroom once more and took the 
opportunity to walk past Elizabeth and obtained the complete 
incantation. 


Returning to his siblings, he smiled and said, “Oh right, I 
suddenly remembered something. I need to head back to the 
company for a while. Shall we go to Zouteland Street first? It'll be 
quick.” 


Chapter 88: Report 


“What is it?” Benson asked casually. 


Melissa looked at her brother with a serious expression because 
she felt that Klein’s behavior tonight was strange as well. In fact, 
it only looked slightly more normal than Elizabeth’s behavior 
and, later, Selena’s. 


Klein chuckled as he had long thought of an excuse and said, 
“There was a mistake in one of the document descriptions, and I 
already informed my colleagues that I would hand it over to 
them when | arrive early at the company tomorrow morning. So, 
I can either amend it now since it’s on the way or wake up at 
least half an hour earlier tomorrow morning. No doubt, I’ve 
chosen to do the former.” 


“Ah, no wonder. I had a nagging feeling that your mind wasn’t in 
the game, so you were actually thinking about work.” Benson 
smiled, suddenly enlightened. “No, I apologize. I should say, the 
card game helped you think.” 


“Alright, we shall wait for you.” Melissa looked away and 
smoothed out the ruffles of her engageantes. 


As it was past the operation time for both track and trackless 
public carriages, the three siblings bid their hosts farewell before 
hiring a carriage nearby. It cost two soli for forty-five minutes. 


“Ive heard that every carriage driver that rents out their own 
carriage adds ridiculous fees,” Benson complained in a low voice. 
He had used most of the money that he won earlier to pay the 
driver. 


Klein smiled and replied, “I think it’s very acceptable. After all, it 
is almost eleven o'clock.” 


“I was just joking. I thought that we could actually share the 
carriage with other guests. Forty-five minutes can take us to 
many places.” Benson looked out of the window at the other 
people who were hiring carriages one after another. 


I know, ride-sharing... Klein rubbed the top of his silver-inlaid 
walking stick and said, “We don’t have a problem with that, but 
the other customers might. Benson, did you notice that they care 
a lot about their image and at looking respectable? I think that 
might be common among the middle-class.” 


“Hmm.” Benson nodded seriously and said, “The Wood family 
was much more extravagant than I imagined. However, Wood’s 
weekly salary is only four pounds per week... Heh, ‘looking 
respectable’ might be the biggest difference between the middle- 
class people and curly-haired baboons.” 


Do you have something against curly-haired baboons... Klein 
almost burst out laughing. 


Melissa didn’t join in on their discussion. She took a seat and 
sized up Klein from time to time. Her gaze was sending chills 
down his spine. 


The two-wheeled horse carriage was traveling quickly in the 
dark, quiet street. They arrived at Zouteland Street in only twelve 
minutes. 


“Wait for me here. Five minutes, it won’t be more than five 
minutes,” Klein emphasized. He put on his top hat, grabbed his 
cane, and got off the carriage. 


As the carriage driver was charging based on time instead of 
distance, the driver didn’t mind waiting. 


Going up the stairs, Klein arrived at the Blackthorn Security 
Company and knocked on the door. 


Within ten seconds, the door was opened wide. Leonard Mitchell 
appeared before him in a vest and shirt. 


“youre not on duty tonight,” Leonard pointed out, looking 
surprised to see him. 


Klein was only on guard duty once a week for the Chanis Gate. 
They maintained a regular work schedule for the rest of the 
time. As for emergencies that happened at night, they would be 
dealt with by the Sleepless who enjoyed the night. 


However, only getting two to three hours of sleep a day can cause 
baldness and memory loss... Whenever he thought about this, 
Klein couldn’t help but ridicule Captain Dunn Smith in his mind. 


“I have something to report,” he answered simply. 


“There’s a mission?” Leonard asked casually, moving aside. 


When Klein entered the reception hall, he saw Dunn coming out 
in his black trench coat. His gray eyes were dark as usual. 


“Captain, I came across an incident involving the supernatural.” 


“Give me the details,” Dunn asked directly. 


Klein recounted the whole story from earlier and reported the 
steps that he took to deal with it. 


“SO, I think there’s a need to investigate Hanass Vincent.” 


Back then he believed that since the evil entity that was invited 
by the magic mirror divination hadn’t caused a disaster, and 
there was no indication that he was in extreme danger. That 
meant that the entity probably still needed more time. It didn’t 
want to awaken or possess Selena ahead of time; therefore, as 
long as its goals were not exposed, the evil entity chose to 
observe the situation. Under such circumstances, it wasn’t hard 
for Elizabeth to trick Selena to head to the entrance of the 
bedroom. 


“you've done well. You seized the opportunity before the evil 
spirit fully materialized to possess her body completely.” Dunn 
lifted his head lightly and said, “Let us take care of the follow-up 
investigations. You can return home to rest.” 


Klein heaved a sigh of relief and chortled. 


“I thought you would make this my initiation mission and make 
me complete it alone.” 


From the incantation that Elizabeth provided him, Hanass Vincent 
was certainly dangerous... 


“That’s because there’s already an initiation mission for you.” 
The desultory Leonard chuckled by the side. 


“What?” Klein was shocked. 


Dunn smirked and explained with his soothing voice, “At around 
seven tonight, the police station referred us to a case. From our 
initial assessments, there doesn’t seem to be any danger or 
urgency, so it was decided that you would complete it on your 
own tomorrow.” 


“Alright, don’t ask about the case. Rest well tonight and move 
your day off to Tuesday or Wednesday.” 


Captain, doing that only affects my sleep... Plus, Monday 
afternoon is when the Tarot Gathering takes place... Do I need to 
send a postponement notification to Justice and The Hanged Man? 
Klein shook his head and smiled bitterly. He then bade farewell 
and left. 


Exiting the stairway, he suddenly sensed something. He lifted 
his head to look towards the carriage that they had hired. He 
only saw Melissa looking at him silently through the window. 


When they made eye contact, Melissa suddenly looked away and 
sat properly. 


The corner of Klein’s mouth twitched, and he got into the 
carriage, pretending nothing had happened. 


Under the crimson moon and pure night sky, the carriage moved 
quickly down one street after the other. 


When they returned home, Klein yielded the bathroom to Benson 
for his shower while he went to Melissa’s bedroom and knocked 
twice. 


Melissa, who was planning to use the other bathroom, opened 


the door and looked at her brother suspiciously. 


“Melissa, do you have any questions that you'd like to ask? I 
know you do,” Klein asked straightforwardly. 


Don’t just observe me in silence... 


Melissa lips trembled and creased her eyebrows as she spoke. 


“Klein, what did you do to Elizabeth? She seemed a bit off.” 


“And, later on, Selena started acting very strange too.” 


Klein had prepared his reply. 


“Do you know that Elizabeth and Selena are mysticism 
enthusiasts?” 


“Yeah, but I don’t like it. I don’t think there’s anything that 
can’t be explained in this world,” Melissa answered seriously 
after being momentarily taken aback. “Anything that seems 
unexplainable is due to the fact that the knowledge we have 
grasped is insufficient.” 


“yeah, I think so too,” Klein echoed her sentiments guiltily. 


I once thought so too, until I successfully courted death... 


He coughed lightly and continued, “Mysticism involves Hermes, 


the language used specifically for ancient worship ceremonies 
and prayers. Elizabeth knew that I am good at it. Heh, it is 
within a historian’s domain after all. So, she asked me about the 
pronunciation of corresponding words and their actual 
meanings.” 


Melissa nodded lightly, signifying her acceptance of her brother’s 
explanation. It went according to her understanding of both 
parties. 


“As for why Elizabeth and Selena became weird later on, I have 
no idea about the actual reasons.” Klein removed himself from 
the picture first, then he said, “But, can make a guess.” 


“you managed to guess it?” Melissa blurted out in shock. 


Klein lifted his hand and patted his lips. 


“I could guess from the contents of what Elizabeth asked. The 
few Hermes words were related to divination, as well as the 
worshiping of evil entities. Yes, when Selena did the magic 
mirror divination, did she recite in Hermes?” 


He proactively brought that up in order to remind his sister to 
keep her guard up against similar situations. It would be even 
better if she could cut off contact with Selena and Elizabeth. 


“Yes...” Melissa replied after a delay. “I think I understand why 
Elizabeth and Selena were acting strange...” 


Then, Klein asked deliberately, “As Selena’s magic mirror 
divination involved a wicked, illegal belief, perhaps Elizabeth 
found an opportunity to criticize and correct Selena’s mistake 


after she clarified with me the actual meaning of the Hermes 
that Selena had used?” 


“I think so,” Melissa didn’t doubt this conclusion because she had 
made the same deduction herself. 


Klein let out a breath of relief upon seeing that he had 
successfully directed the flow of the conversation. 


“In the future, it’s best if you advised Selena to put her beliefs in 
the orthodox.” 


Then, he tapped four spots on his chest just like a priest. 


“Yes, I will!” Melissa replied, sounding determined. 


“And, don’t tell Elizabeth and Selena about our deduction or 
about the things that I’ve said. I actually promised Elizabeth not 
to tell you,” Klein emphasized. 


“Okay.” Melissa nodded lightly. 


On Monday morning at eight, in the Blackthorn Security 
Company. 


Klein took off his hat and greeted Rozanne and Bredt. After 
exchanging a few words, he entered Captain Dunn Smith’s office. 


He pushed the door open and looked around. He suddenly had a 
shock, because Dunn’s face was pretty pale and his gray eyes 
looked clouded, without their usual darkness. 


“What happened? Hanass Vincent?” Klein asked in concern and 
shock. 


Dunn rubbed his forehead, took a sip of coffee, and replied with a 
bitter smile, “Hanass Vincent is dead.” 


“Who killed him ahead of time?” Klein sat before Dunn with his 
cane in hand. 


Dunn didn’t answer immediately but sighed and said, “Leonard 
and I went to look for Hanass Vincent last night. As his usual 
behavior didn’t show any unusual signs and there was nothing 
odd about his house, I decided to enter his dreams to look for 
clues.” 


“In his dream, in his dream...” 


His eyes showed fear as Dunn repeated himself twice, that was 
when he said, “In his dream, I saw a cross, a huge cross, one that 
blotted out the sky. On the huge cross there was a naked man 
nailed to it with black nails. His arms and legs were pinned with 
his arms extended outwards. He was hung upside down, his 
head hung low like a chandelier. There was strips of blood stains 
on his body.” 


“Upon seeing such a scene, I lost consciousness. I left Hanass 
Vincent’s dream, and when I woke up, Leonard told me that 
Hanass had died in his sleep.” 


“Huge cross, hung upside down, the man covered in blood 
stains... It’s similar to some of the stories of the True Creator that 
some of the hidden organizations believe in, but there are 
considerable differences too...” Klein made a deduction in 
suspicion. 


The few hidden organizations that believed in the True Creator 
had only appeared in the last two or three centuries, such as the 
Aurora Order and the Iron and Blood Cross Order. However, 
similar such depictions had never disappeared over the past 
thousand plus years. 


Dunn rubbed his forehead again. “We'll follow-up on this. As for 
you, go ahead and complete your initiation mission first.” 


Chapter 89: A Simple Mission 


Klein nodded and said, “Alright, but I still don’t know what my 
mission is.” 


“Nothing dangerous. I haven’t seen any signs of danger at the 
very least,” Dunn emphasized. “This is a case which was referred 
to us by Golden Indus’s police department. The famous 
philanthropist Sir Deweyville has been experiencing unusual 
harassment over the past month. Be it his bodyguards, the 
security guards he has employed, or the police, none of them 
have been able to find the culprit. Inspector Tolle, who is in 
charge of this case, suspects that it involves Beyonder powers 
and, thus, handed the case over to us.” 


I saw Sir Deweyville at the library the other day and noticed that 
he was feeling down and lethargic. So it was a result of being 
harassed... Klein knitted his brows and asked, “What kind of 
harassment is it?” 


There hasn’t been any physical harm inflicted yet; thus, the 
harassment wouldn't be considered dangerous. 


“Sir Deweyville hears moans and cries every night, no matter 
where he is, be it Tingen or not. This has affected his sleep 
quality negatively.” Dunn flipped the notes in his hands. “He has 
seen a psychiatrist and has asked his butlers and servants to 
confirm that it was not an illusion. Having confirmed that it 
isn’t a hallucination, thus, it is suspected that someone is 
harassing him.” 


Closing the file, Dunn looked up at Klein. 


“Change into your probationary inspector uniform in the break 
room, then meet Inspector Tolle who is in charge of this case at 
the Shooting Club. He'll provide you with more details.” 


“Probationary inspector uniform?” Klein asked instinctively. 


Dunn rubbed his forehead and smiled. 


“Half of our salary comes from the police department, and the 
title of probationary inspector doesn’t merely belong in the 
records. When you met Leonard and I for the first time, we were 
also wearing uniforms. This is a perk held by fully official 
members. Yes, the ‘Perks’ as Emperor Roselle would call it.” 


Unfortunately, I can’t wear it as a casual outfit. Otherwise, I’d be 
able to have another spare outfit when my clothes are being 
washed... Klein picked up his cane and bade farewell before 
leaving the captain’s office. 


He headed toward the break room and saw a black and white 
checkered uniform, complete with leather boots, placed on the 
table. The uniform’s peak cap was embroidered with the logo of 
the police department—two crossed swords and a crown. 
Located on the shoulder was a black and white epaulet with a 
shimmering silver star. 


“This is a probationary inspector uniform?” Klein glanced at the 
uniform and noticed a string of numbers under the silver stars: 
06-254. 


He had some understanding of the police rank structure in the 
Loen Kingdom. He knew that those at the top were the minister 
and the chief secretary of the police force. Under them were the 
respective commissioners, deputy commissioners, assistant 
commissioners of the various police departments. Those in the 


middle were superintendents and inspectors, while those at the 
very bottom were the sergeants and constables. 


After closing the door, Klein took off his suit and hat before 
changing into the uniform. 


He hung his suit up and left the room. He made his way into the 
clerk’s office and looked at himself using the full-body mirror 
that Rozanne brought to him. 


The young man in the mirror had black hair with gentle brown 
eyes. The uniform on his body accentuated him with a heroic 
spirit. 


“Not bad.” Klein praised himself narcissistically. He left his cane 
in the office and left the Blackthorn Security Company. 


Inside his pockets were a full set of equipment, ranging from 
weapons to his police badge. 


At the hall of the Shooting Club. 


Klein met Inspector Tolle immediately since he was the only one 
in a police uniform. 


Of course, there’s me too... Klein thought. 


There were two silver stars on the epaulets of Inspector Tolle’s 
uniform. His clothes were propped up by his stomach and he had 


a thick blond mustache. His frame was tall but not imposing. 
Perhaps, it was imposing in the past. 


“Moretti? Klein Moretti?” Inspector Tolle noticed Klein and 
welcomed him with a smile. 


“Hello, Inspector Tolle, I believe that you have the right person,” 
Klein replied amicably, then following his memories, he raised 
his right arm, kept his fingers straight and tight before saluting. 


Tolle chuckled. 


“I can tell that you'll be a young man who’s easy to get along 
with. That’s good. Shall we head to Sir Deweyville’s place now?” 


Even though he was a higher rank than Klein, the tone in his 
query was obviously friendly. 


“No problem.” Klein thought for a moment before he said, “You 
can fill me in on the details of the case on the carriage.” 


“Sure.” Tolle stroked his thick blond beard and guided Klein out 
of the Shooting Club. They boarded a carriage which was stopped 
on the other side of the road. 


There was the “two crossed swords and a crown” police emblem 
on the carriage, and it came with a personal carriage driver. 


“Sir Deweyville is a believer of the Goddess, so we referred the 
case to you,” Tolle said quickly as he sat down. 


“I know. The fine knight is a common figure on the covers of 
newspapers and magazines.” Klein flashed a friendly smile. 


Tolle picked up the document docket beside him and removed 
the seal before taking out the materials inside. As he flipped 
through them, he explained, “Regardless, even if you are aware 
of it, I need to provide you with the detailed briefing. 


“Sir Deweyville is one of the richest tycoons of Tingen City. He 
built his career beginning with a lead and porcelain factory. It 
has now expanded to steel, coal, shipping, banking, and bonds. 
He is also a great philanthropist that has been praised by the 
king, having set up the Deweyville Charity Foundation, the 
Deweyville Trust, and the Deweyville Library... He was also 
knighted five years ago... If he were willing to run for mayor, I 
don’t think anyone in Tingen City could contest with him. 


“But Backlund is his goal; he wants to become a member of 
parliament. We once suspected that the harassment might be 
related to this, but we have no clues to this date.” 


Klein nodded slightly and said, “We can’t rule out that 
possibility, but there’s nothing to confirm that suspicion as of 
now.” 


Tolle didn’t dwell on this point. He continued, “From the sixth of 
last month, Sir Deweyville has heard painful skin-numbing 
moans every night when he sleeps, akin to a patient’s fight for 
his life. He has checked the surrounding rooms multiple times, 
but he hasn’t found anything unusual. His butler and servants 
have also confirmed that they heard such sounds, but it is 
simply softer for them. 


“In the beginning, Sir Deweyville believed that this matter would 
pass quickly and didn’t pay too much attention to it. But the 
moans became more and more frequent, to the point of 


occasionally happening during the day. There was even the 
addition of heart-wrenching cries.” 


“This has made Sir Deweyville lose sleep, time and time again he 
had no choice but to leave Tingen to his villa in the villages. But 
it was to no avail. The moans and cries persisted. Similarly, the 
phenomenon persisted even in Backlund, just that it wasn’t as 
serious. 


“He employed security guards to check his surroundings, but 
they didn’t find any clues. Our preliminary investigations also 
came up with nothing. 


“Sir Deweyville, who has been tortured for more than a month, 
is on the brink of collapse. He visited psychiatrists time and time 
again but was unable to have his problems resolved. He told us 
that if this problem was not solved within a month, he would 
leave Tingen and head to Backlund. He believes that there would 
be people who can help him there.” 


After listening to Tolle’s explanation, Klein quickly analyzed and 
came up with a few possibilities. 


He offended a Beyonder and is suffering from a curse? 


No, if he was suffering from a curse, the butlers and servants in 
his house wouldn’t hear the same things... 


There’s a Beyonder with unknown motives hidden among his 
servants and bodyguards? 


But the problem stems from the point that there has been no 
requests made of Sir Deweyville over the past month... 


Perhaps Sir Deweyville accidentally came into contact with some 
vengeful evil spirit? 


That possibility cannot be ruled out... 


The carriage entered the Golden Indus borough while Klein was 
still deep in thought. It stopped at the door of Sir Deweyville’s 
house. 


A steel fence surrounded a lush garden. There were two statues 
by the side of the hollowed metal gates, a magnificent fountain 
that showered a marble sculpture with water, an expansive two- 
story building, as well as a path wide enough to fit three 
carriages. 


“Even the knight’s house is only two stories high... The 
newspaper reported that Backlund is experimenting with 
building ten-story apartments...” Klein got off the carriage and 
saw a sergeant with three chevron stripes walking over briskly. 


He looked at Klein and saluted. 


“Good morning, Sir!” 


“Good morning.” Klein nodded with a smile. 


Tolle smiled. 


“This is Sergeant Gate, you can tell him if you need anything. 


“This is Probationary inspector Moretti, a history and 


psychological expert from the police department,” Tolle 
introduced Klein to Gate. 


...1 don’t deserve such a title... Klein felt a little embarrassed. 


After the greetings, Gate pointed to the two-story building behind 
the fountain and said, “Sir Deweyville is waiting for us.” 


“Alright.” Klein caressed the revolver at his waist. 


That was his best bet against an enemy. 


Since he was in police uniform, he could put his revolver in a 
holster at his hip, making it easier to draw it. 


As they spoke, the trio made their way down the path, around 
the fountain, and arrived outside the door. 


By then, the door was already opened by a servant who was 
waiting politely at the side. 


As Klein pretended to adjust his hat, he tapped twice on his 
glabella to activate his Spirit Vision before entering the house. 


The square-faced Sir Deweyville was massaging his forehead in 
the hall. He was clearly in low spirits. His blond hair and blue 
eyes were either dry or dull as though he had aged considerably 
by at least five years. 


“Good morning, Sir Deweyville.” Klein, Tolle, and Gate bowed at 
the same time. 


Sir Deweyville stood up and forced out a smile. 


“Good morning, Officers. I hope that you can resolve what has 
been causing me distress.” 


At that moment, Klein squinted and slightly knitted his brows. 


Other than his low spirits, Klein couldn’t find any other 
problems with Sir Deweyville. 


That’s odd... He thought for a moment before he said, “Sir, in 
which room did you first hear the moans?” 


“My bedroom.” Sir Deweyville shook his head. 


“Can we take a look?” inquired Klein. 


“Haven't you checked it many times?” the middle-aged butler 
interrupted from the side. 


It was clear that he didn’t notice that Klein was the partner of 
the kind-hearted soul that had “not pocketed the money that he 
picked up.” 


Klein smiled, composed. 


“Those were my colleagues, not me.” 


“Sir, this is an expert sent by the police agency,” Tolle said, 


taking the opportunity to introduce him. 


Deweyville looked at the young expert and said, “Alright, Cullen, 
take him to my room.” 


“Sir, I hope that you will come with us,” Klein said seriously. 


Deweyville hesitated for a few seconds before saying, “If that can 
solve the problem...” 


He grabbed his cane as he spoke. He made his way feebly toward 
the staircase with the butler Cullen and several guards beside 
him, ready to support him if needed. 


Klein surveyed the surroundings as he followed behind them 
silently. 


One step, two steps, three steps... They arrived at the second story 
and entered the master bedroom. 


Klein didn’t have the time to survey the surroundings when the 
hair on his body stood on their ends. 


This was feedback from his spiritual perception! 


Chapter 90: Findings By Sight 


Sir Deweyville’s bedroom was larger than the living room and 
dining room of Klein’s house combined. It was partitioned into a 
place for a bed, a living space, a changing room, a bathroom, and 
a study desk and bookshelves. The furnishings were exquisite, 
and the details were extravagant. 


But to Klein, the light seemed dimmer and the temperature was 
several degrees colder than the outside. 


At the same time, he seemed to hear the sound of sobbing and 
moaning, as though one was putting up a last-ditch struggle. 


Klein was in a trance, and everything suddenly returned to 
normal. The sunlight shone brightly through the window and 
poured over the entire bedroom. The temperature was 
reasonable, neither too high nor low. The surrounding 
policemen, bodyguards, and butler were quiet. No one spoke. 


This... He looked sideways at the classic yet luxurious bed. He felt 
there were pairs of blurry eyes lingering in the shadow, like the 
moths that fearlessly stayed around gas lamps. 


Taking a few steps closer, Klein lost the earlier images from his 
Spirit Vision. 


Not a standard wraith or an evil spirit... What is it exactly? Klein 
frowned and recalled the mysticism knowledge that he had been 
learning all this time. 


From what he had seen, the mission would have been easy if it 


was passed to a Corpse Collector, Gravedigger, or Spirit Medium. 
It was obviously not within his domain of expertise. 


Holding back his urge to use divination as an investigative 
approach, Klein looked around slowly to look for other traces to 
confirm the few guesses on his mind. 


“Inspector.” Sir Deweyville hesitated and asked, “Did you discover 
anything?” 


“If it were that easy, I believe my colleagues wouldn’t have 
waited until now,” Klein replied, glancing at the philanthropist 
subconsciously. 


Just as he planned to retract his gaze, he suddenly saw that 
there was a faint white human figure reflected behind Sir 
Deweyville in the mirror behind him. 


No, there were many figures overlapping each other, resulting in 
a white distorted figure! 


The figure flashed by and Klein seemed to hear faint sobbing. 


Phew... He let out a breath to ease his nerves, having almost 
drawn his gun out out of fright. 


Heightened spiritual perception with Spirit Vision will one day 
scare me senseless... Klein tried relaxing his tense nerves by 
joking around before redirecting his focus back onto Sir 
Deweyville. 


This time, he saw something different. 


Now that he was in the bedroom, Sir Deweyville had a faint and 
twisted figure shimmering around him. It even dimmed the 
lighting of that area. 


Every flash was accompanied by an illusionary cry and moan 
that could hardly be detected by an ordinary person. 


Hardly audible for an ordinary person under ordinary 
circumstances? Is it because it’s daytime? Klein nodded as he 
thought. 


He had an initial judgment for this case. 


It was resentment that was haunting Sir Deweyville. It was the 
remnant spirituality that resulted from unresolved emotions 
before a human’s death! 


If such feelings of resentment stayed in this world over a period 
of time, they would become a terrifying wrathful spirit after 
becoming stronger. 


However, Sir Deweyville was a famous philanthropist. Even 
Benson, who was a picky person, was in awe of him. Why would 
he be bogged down with the resentment of the dead? Is he 
actually two-faced? Could it be the means of a Beyonder with 
nefarious intentions? Klein guessed the possibilities 
suspiciously. 


After some thought, he looked towards Deweyville and asked, 
“Honorable Sir, I have a few questions.” 


“Please ask.” Deweyville sat down wearily. 


Klein organized his thoughts and asked, “When you leave here to 
go to a new place, such as the village or Backlund, do you 
temporarily get at least half a night’s worth of peace before the 
situation resumes and gradually worsens? Even when you sleep 
during the daytime, are you able to hear moaning and sobbing 
sounds?” 


Deweyville’s half-closed eyes suddenly widened as his deep blue 
eyes were suddenly beaming with hope. 


“yes, did you find the root of the problem?” 


Only then did he realize that due to his extended period of 
insomnia and his poor mental state, he had completely 
forgotten to inform the police about such an important clue! 


Seeing that Klein’s question had uncovered something useful, 
Inspector Tolle relaxed. He knew that the Nighthawk had found a 
clue. 


Sergeant Gate was surprised and curious too. He couldn’t help 
but look closely at the psychological expert, Klein. 


It coincided with the traits of gradual entanglement and the 
feature of accumulation... Having received the feedback, Klein 
had basically confirmed the cause. 


Then, he had two ways of helping Sir Deweyville to shake off the 
burden. One was to set up an altar directly around the man and 
remove the resentment of the dead entirely using ritualistic 
magic. The second option was to use other mysticism measures 
to find the root of the problem and solve it from there. 


Taking into consideration the rule of preventing commoners 
from learning of Beyonder powers to the best of his abilities, 
Klein planned on first attempting the second method. Only if it 
failed would he pray to the Goddess. 


“Sir, yours is a psychological illness, a mental problem,” he spoke 
nonsense with absolute seriousness while looking at Deweyville. 


Sir Deweyville knitted his brows and asked in reply, “Are you 
telling me that fm a mental patient, that I need to enter an 
asylum?” 


“No, nothing that serious. Actually, most people have 
psychological problems to one degree or another,” Klein casually 
comforted him. “Please allow me to introduce myself again. Iam 
a psychological expert from the Awwa County Police.” 


“Psychological expert?” Deweyville and his butler looked at 
Inspector Tolle who they were familiar with. 


Tolle nodded seriously and confirmed that it was true. 


“Alright, what do you need of me for my treatment? Besides, I 
don’t understand why my butler, my bodyguards, and my 
servants will hear the sobbing and moaning as well...” 
Deweyville held his walking stick with both hands, looking 
confused. 


Klein replied professionally, “I will explain it to you after it’s 
resolved.” 


“Please tell your butler, your servants, and your bodyguards to 
leave. Inspector Tolle, Sergeant Gate, please leave as well. I need 


a quiet environment to begin the initial treatment.” 


A “treatment” with magic... Inspector Tolle added in his heart 
and nodded at Sir Deweyville. 


Deweyville fell silent for more than ten seconds before saying, 
“Cullen, take them to the living room on the second floor.” 


“Yes, Sir.” Butler Cullen didn’t retort since the request was made 
by a police officer, a probationary inspector, and a psychological 
expert. 


After watching them leave the room one after another and 
closing the door behind them, Klein looked at Deweyville who 
had dark blond hair and blue eyes, and said, “Sir, please lie down 
on your bed. Relax and try to sleep.” 


“Alright.” Deweyville hung his coat and hat on the clothes rack 
before walking slowly to the side of the bed and then laid down. 


Klein drew all the curtains, turning the room dark. 


He took off his pendant and quickly used spirit pendulum to 
determine any dangers. Then, he sat on the rocking chair near 
the end of the bed, traced a spherical light in his mind, and 
entered Cogitation. He allowed the world of spirituality to extend 
before his eyes. 


Then, he leaned against the back of the chair and fell into a deep 
sleep, allowing for his Astral Projection to make contact with the 
external world. 


He was using the technique of dream divination, to let himself 
be in the spiritual environment like he was dreaming, so as to 
communicate with each and every resentment that plagued Sir 
Deweyville. 


Only communication would be able to give him an answer and 
solve the problem! 


Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! 


A sad sob reverberated in Klein’s ear, and he “saw” that the white 
translucent figures were floating around him. 


A painful groan echoed as Klein, who barely regained his mental 
processes, extended his right hand and touched one of them. 


Suddenly, the figures swarmed at him like moths darting toward 
a fire. 


The image before Klein’s eyes suddenly turned blurry and his 
brain seemed to be cleaved into two. Half of his mind was 
calmly observing while the other half saw a “mirror.” 


In the “mirror,” there was a young girl dressed in worker garbs. 
She looked strong and fit as she walked in a dust-covered factory 
while her head throbbed in pain. 


Her eyesight occasionally turned blurry and her body became 
skinnier by the day. 


She seemed to hear someone calling her Charlotte, and the voice 
said that she had a hysterical illness. 


Hysterical illness? She looked towards the mirror and saw that 
she had a faint blue line on her gum. 


The “mirror’s view” switched and Klein saw another girl called 
Maty. 


She too walked into the lead factory, young and lively. 


Suddenly, half of her face started twitching, followed by her arm 
and leg on the same side. 


“you have epilepsy.” She heard someone say while her whole 
body was convulsing. 


As she twitched and fell, the intensity increased before she 
finally lost consciousness. 


There was another girl, and she was depressed. She was walking 
around the street in a daze, to the point of having a speech 
impediment. 


She had a very bad headache, and she had a blue line on her 
gums. She would also convulse from time to time. 


She met a doctor, and the doctor said, “Lafayette, this is a result 
of lead poisoning.” 


The doctor looked at her with pity and saw her convulse again. 
She twitched continuously, and the doctor saw that her eyes had 
lost all their light. 


Many images appeared before Klein, and he remained immersed 
within them and calmly observed. 


Suddenly, he understood the plight of the girls [1]. 


The female workers had been in extended contact with white 
lead. They had all died of lead poisoning as a result of long-term 
exposure to the dust and powder. 


Sir Deweyville had a lead factory under his name and also two 
porcelain factories. All of them hired comparatively cheaper 
female workers! 


Klein “saw” all of that in silence, and felt that there was 
something that still had not been clarified. 


Such “death resentment” was insignificant. They could not affect 
reality or have any effect on Deweyville even when accumulated. 


Unless— Unless there was a more powerful and stubborn 
resentment that had united them all. 


Just then, he “saw” another girl. 


The girl was no more than 18 years old, but she was glazing the 


porcelain in the factory. 


“Hayley, how are you doing lately? Do you still have a headache? 
If it gets too serious, remember to inform me. Sir Deweyville has 
enforced a rule that people with severe headaches cannot 
continue being in contact with lead and must leave the factory,” 
an elder lady asked with concern. 


Hayley touched her forehead and replied with a smile, “Just a 
little, ’m okay.” 


“Tell me tomorrow if it gets any worse,” the elderly lady 
exhorted. 


Hayley agreed. When she returned home, she massaged her 
forehead from time to time. 


She saw that her parents and brother had returned, but their 
faces looked hopeless. 


“your father and brother lost their jobs...” her mother said as she 
wiped her tears. 


Her father and brother hung their heads low and muttered, “We 
will try to get some work at the harbor.” 


“But we don’t even have bread money for the day after 
tomorrow... Maybe we will need to move to Lower Street...” 
Hayley’s mother looked at her with reddened eyes. “When are 
you getting your pay? It’s ten soli, right?” 


Hayley massaged her forehead again. 


“yeah, Saturday. Saturday.” 


She didn’t say anything else and remained as quiet as usual. She 
returned to the factory the next day and told her supervisor that 
her headache recovered and she felt fine. 


She smiled and walked five kilometers back and fro to work 
daily. She massaged her head more and more frequently. 


“you haven’t found another job?” Hayley couldn’t help but ask 
her father and brother while looking at the soup which was 
boiling with black bread. 


Her father said in frustration, “The economy is in a recession. 
Many places are retrenching. Even the harbor jobs are sporadic. I 
could only get three soli and seven pence a week.” 


Hayley sighed and fell into her usual silence. However, she hid 
her left hand that was twitching suddenly. 


On the second day, she walked to work again. The sun was 
shining brightly, and the street grew busier and busier with 
pedestrians. 


Suddenly, she started convulsing all over. 


She fell to the side of the road, foam spewing out of her mouth. 


She looked up into the sky and her gaze turned into a blur. She 
saw people walking past and others getting close. She saw a 
carriage pass by with the Deweyville family emblem with a 
white dove with its spread wings as if ready to take off. 


She tried hard to open her mouth, but she couldn’t make a 
sound. 


So, she didn’t say a thing, quiet as ever. 


But the difference this time was that she was dead. 


1. The original inspiration for these girls come from Jack 
London’s “The People of the Abyss.” 


Chapter 91: Solution 


The scenery started to distort, turning illusory and began to fade 
away. 


After Klein left his dreamlike state, his vision adapted to the 
darkness in the room. 


He knew that with one pound and ten soli, which was thirty soli 
a week, Benson didn’t have an easy time supporting the family 
according to the standards of an average family. 


He had thought that the majority of workers earned twenty soli 
a week. 


He had once heard Melissa remark that Lower Street of Iron 
Cross Street had five, seven, or even ten families squeezing into 
the same room. 


He also learned from Benson that as a result of the situation in 
the Southern Continent, the kingdom’s economy was in a 
recession for the past few months. 


He knew that a maid, with board and lodging provided, could 
earn between three soli and sixpence to six soli a week. 


Klein extended his hand and pinched his glabella. He was silent 
for a long time, until Sir Deweyville asked, “Officer, aren’t you 
going to say anything? The psychiatrists I went to would always 
speak to me and ask questions in such a situation. 


“However, I must say that I feel at peace. I almost fell asleep. I 
haven't heard any moans or cries yet. 


“How did you do it?” 


Klein leaned back in the rocking chair. Instead of providing an 
answer, he asked with a gentle tone, “Sir, do you know about 
lead poisoning? Do you know about the dangers of lead?” 


Deweyville fell silent for a few seconds. “I did not know about it 
in the past, but I do now. Are you telling me that my 
psychological illness stems from my guilt—my guilt toward the 
female lead and porcelain factory workers?” 


Without waiting for Klein to answer, he continued just like he 
always had—in his position of power during a negotiation. 


“Yes, I did feel guilty about this in the past, but I did compensate 
them. At my lead and porcelain factories, the workers do not 
earn less than other workers in the same industry. In Backlund, 
lead and porcelain workers are paid no more than eight soli a 
week, but I pay them ten, sometimes even more. 


“Heh, many people criticize me for breaking ranks since it 
makes it hard for them to recruit workers. If not for the repeal of 
the Grain Act that made many farmers bankrupt, sending them 
to the cities, they would have had to raise their wages just like I 
did. 


“Furthermore, I’ve also informed the supervisor of the factories 
to make sure that those with repeated headaches and blurry 
vision are to leave the areas where they are exposed to lead. If 
their illness is really severe, then they can even ask for help at 
my charity foundation. 


“I think I have done enough.” 


Klein spoke without a ripple of emotion in his voice, “Sir, at 
times, you cannot imagine how important a salary is to a poor 
person. Simply losing work for a week or two can result in an 
irreversible loss to their family, a loss that would cause 
tremendous grief.” 


He paused before saying, “I am curious, why wouldn’t a kind 
person like you install equipment that can protect against dust 
and lead poisoning in your factories?” 


Deweyville looked at the ceiling and laughed ruefully. 


“That would make my costs too high for me to bear. I would no 
longer be able to compete with other lead and porcelain 
companies. I no longer pay too much attention to my profits in 
these areas of my business. In fact, 1 am even willing to fork out 
some money. But what’s the point of keeping the business if I 
have to keep doing that? That can only help a number of workers 
and not become a standard in the industry or effect change on 
other factories. 


“That would merely result in me forking out money to support 
the workers. I heard that some factories even secretly hire slaves 
to minimize costs.” 


Klein crossed his hands and said after a moment of silence, “Sir, 
the root of your psychological illness comes from the buildup of 
guilt, despite you believing that the guilt has faded and 
disappeared over time. It wouldn’t have any visible effects under 
normal circumstances, but there was something that triggered 
you and set off all the problems at once.” 


“Something that triggered me? I’m not aware of such a thing,” 


Deweyville said puzzled, but with conviction. 


Klein allowed the chair to rock gently as he explained with a 
gentle tone, “You did fall asleep for a few minutes just now, and 
you told me something.” 


“Hypnosis?” Deweyville made a guess as he usually did. 


Klein did not give a direct reply and instead said, “You once saw 
a girl dying on her way to work while you were on your carriage. 
She had died because of lead poisoning. She was one of your 
workers who glazed porcelain while she was still alive.” 


Deweyville rubbed his temples, speechless before saying 
somewhat doubtful, “I think that happened once... but I can’t 
remember it clearly...” 


His prolonged insomnia had left him in a poor mental state. He 
could only faintly recall seeing such a scene. 


He thought for a moment, but gave up taxing his brain. Instead, 
he asked, “What was that worker’s name? 


“Well, what I meant was, what should I do to cure my 
psychological illness?” 


Klein replied immediately, “Two things.” 


“First, the worker that died by the side of the road was called 
Hayley Walker. That was what you told me. She was the most 
direct trigger, so you have to find her parents and give them 
more compensation. 


“Second, spread information about the dangers of lead in the 
newspapers and magazines. Allow your charity foundation to 
help more workers who suffered from the damage. If you 
succeed in becoming a member of parliament, push for enacting 
laws in this domain.” 


Deweyville sat up slowly and laughed in a self-deprecating 
manner. 


“I will do all of the rest, but to enact a law, heh— I think it’s 
impossible since there is still competition from nations beyond 
our country. Setting up such a law would just slip the entire 
industry in the country into a crisis. Factories would become 
bankrupt one by one, and many workers would lose their jobs. 
Organizations that help the poor cannot save that many people.” 


He slowly got off the bed and adjusted his collar. He then looked 
at Klein and said, “Hayley Walker, right? rll immediately get 
Cullen to retrieve information about her from the porcelain 
company and find her parents. Officer, please wait with me and 
continuously evaluate my mental state.” 


“Alright.” Klein stood up slowly and smoothed his black-and- 
white checkered police uniform. 


At eleven in the morning in the living room of Deweyville. 


Klein sat on the sofa in silence as he looked at the man and 
woman being guided into the house by Butler Cullen. 


The two guests had blemished skin, wrinkles already woven into 


their faces. The man had a slight hunch while the woman had a 
mole under her eyelid. 


They looked nearly identical to what Klein had seen through 
Hayley, just older and more haggard. They were so skinny that 
they were almost all bone. Their clothes were old and ragged. 
Klein even learned that they couldn’t continue living on Lower 
Street of Iron Cross Streets any further. 


Sob... 


Klein sensed an icy wind start to spiral through his spiritual 
perception. 


He pinched his glabella and shot a glance toward Sir Deweyville. 
It was unknown when a faint white, translucent, contorted 
figure had appeared behind him. 


“Good-good morning, Honorable Sir.” Hayleys parents were 
unusually polite. 


Deweyville rubbed his forehead and asked, “Are the both of you 
Hayley Walker’s parents? Doesn’t she also have a brother and a 
two-year-old sister?” 


Hayley’s mother answered in fear, “Her-her brother broke his leg 
at the harbor sometime back. We got him to take care of his 
sister at home.” 


Deweyville remained silent for a few seconds before he sighed. 


“My deepest condolences for what happened to Hayley.” 


Upon hearing that, the eyes of Hayley’s parents immediately 
turned red. They opened their mouths and said over each other, 
“Thank-thank you for your goodwill. 


“The police told us-told us, that Hayley died from lead poisoning. 
That’s the term, right? Oh, my poor child, she was only 
seventeen. She was always so quiet, so determined. 


“you had sent someone to visit her before and sponsored her 
burial. She is buried at the Raphael Cemetery.” 


Deweyville glanced at Klein and changed his sitting posture. He 
leaned forward and said with a serious tone, “That was actually 
an oversight of ours. I have to apologize.” 


“I have considered that I need to compensate you, to compensate 
Hayley. Her weekly salary was ten soli, was it not? One year 
would be five hundred and twenty soli, or twenty-six pounds. 
Let’s assume that she could have worked for another ten years. 


“Cullen, give Hayley’s parents three hundred pounds.” 


“Three-three hundred pounds?” Hayleys parents were 
dumbfounded. 


They never had more than one pound of savings, even at their 
richest! 


It wasn’t only them who were dazed. Even the expressions of the 
bodyguards and maids in the room were also all that of shock 
and envy. Even Sergeant Gate couldn’t help but draw in a deep 
breath—his weekly salary was only two pounds and among his 
subordinates, only one chevroned constable earned one pound a 


week. 


Amidst the silence, Butler Cullen walked out of the study and 
held a bulging sack. 


He opened the sack and revealed stacks of cash, some one 
pound, some five pounds, but mostly made up of one or five soli. 


It was clear that Deweyville had made his subordinates receive 
“change” from the bank earlier. 


“It's an expression of Sir Deweyville’s goodwill,” Cullen handed 
the sack over to Hayley’s parents after receiving confirmation 
from his master. 


Hayley’s parents took the sack and rubbed their eyes, looking at 
it in disbelief. 


“No, this-this is too generous, we cannot accept this,” they said 
as they held the sack tightly. 


Deweyville said in a deep voice, “This is what Hayley deserves.” 


“y-you truly are a noble, charitable knight!” Hayley’s parents 
bowed repeatedly in agitation. 


They had smiles on their faces, smiles that they couldn't repress. 


They praised the knight repeatedly, repeating the same few 
adjectives they knew. They kept insisting that Hayley would be 
grateful towards him in heaven. 


“Cullen, send them home. Oh, take them to the bank first,” 
Deweyville heaved a sigh of relief and instructed his butler. 


Hayley’s parents hugged the sack tightly and walked toward the 
door quickly without stopping. 


Klein saw the faint translucent figure behind Sir Deweyville 
attempt to extend its hands towards them, hoping to leave with 
them, but the parents’ smiles were abnormally radiant. They 
didn’t turn back. 


That figure turned fainter and, soon, vanished completely. 


Klein also sensed that the icy feeling in the guest hall had 
instantly returned to normal. 


From beginning to end, all he did was sit there silently, not 
expressing his opinion. 


“Officer, I feel much better. Now can you tell me why my butler, 
servants, and bodyguards could also hear the cries and moans? 
This shouldn’t just be solely a psychological illness of mine, 
right?” Deweyville looked at him curiously. 


Inspector Tolle, who knew the underlying truth, instantly 
became nervous. 


Klein replied without much expression, “In psychology, we call 
this phenomenon—mass hysteria.” 


Chapter $2: Psychological Expert 


“Mass hysteria?” Sir Deweyville, who had met many 
psychiatrists recently, ruminated over the term Klein had said. 


Despite their curiosity, his butler, bodyguards, and servants 
didn’t make a single sound since they had not been given 
permission by him. 


As for Sergeant Gate, he looked towards Klein doubtfully as if he 
had never heard of that concept. 


Klein controlled his habit of tapping the armrest with his 
fingertips and calmly explained, “Humans can be fooled easily 
by their sensory organs. Mass hysteria is a kind of psychogenic 
illness that is a result of tense nerves and other factors amongst 
a group of individuals as they influence each other.” 


The jargon he spewed out confused Sir Deweyville, Sergeant Gate, 
and the rest, causing them to subconsciously opt to believe him. 


“Let me give a simple example of this; this was one of the cases 
that I previously dealt with, one man held a dinner banquet and 
invited 35 guests. Midway, he suddenly felt disgusted and puked. 
After that, he even had severe diarrhea. After a couple times, he 
began to believe that he had gotten food poisoning. He shared his 
speculation with the other guests on the way to the hospital. 


“In the next two hours, there were more than 30 guests that had 
diarrhea amongst the 35 guests, with 26 of them experiencing 
nausea. They flooded the entire emergency room of the hospital. 


“The doctors went through a detailed examination and 
performed cross checks, and they concluded that the very first 
man didn’t have food poisoning at all. Instead, it was a result of 
stomach inflammation caused by the change of weather and 
cold liquor. 


“The most surprising fact was that none of the guests who went 
to the hospital had food poisoning. In fact, not a single one of 
them was sick. 


“That is mass hysteria.” 


Deweyville nodded slightly and marveled, “I understand now. 
Humans do lie to themselves easily. It’s no wonder that Emperor 
Roselle once said that a lie would become reality once it was 
repeated a hundred times. 


“Officer, how may I address you? You are the most professional 
psychiatrist I have ever met.” 


“Inspector Moretti.” Klein pointed at his epaulet and said, “Sir, 
your troubles have been resolved temporarily for now. You can 
try to sleep now while I determine if there are any other 
problems. If you are able to sleep well, please allow us to bid 
farewell ahead of time instead of waiting for you to wake up.” 


“Alright.” Deweyville massaged his forehead, took his cane, and 
walked upstairs to his bedroom. 


Half an hour later, a police carriage left the fountain at the door 
of Deweyville’s residence. 


When Sergeant Gate got off on the way and returned to his police 


station, Inspector Tolle looked towards Klein. He complimented 
in jest, “Even I believed that you were a real psychological 
expert...” 


Before he finished his sentence, he saw the young man in a 
black-and-white checkered uniform looking expressionless. His 
eyes were deep and serene as he forced a smirk on his face and 
said, “I only had some experience with it in the past.” 


Inspector Tolle fell silent until the carriage arrived outside 36 
Zouteland Street. 


“Thank you for your assistance, allowing Sir Deweyville to be 
finally free from his problems and be able to find sleep again.” 
He extended his hand and shook Klein’s hand. “Thank Dunn on 
my behalf.” 


Klein nodded slightly and said, “Alright.” 


He went up the stairs and returned to the Blackthorn Security 
Company. He knocked and entered the captain’s office. 


“Done?” Dunn was waiting for his lunch. 


“Done.” Klein massaged his forehead, and kept his reply short 
and simple. “The root of the problem stemmed from the lead and 
porcelain factory under Sir Deweyville. From the moment they 
were established to this day, too many deaths have been caused 
by lead poisoning. And every accident left Sir Deweyville with 
some resentful spirituality.” 


“Generally speaking, that wouldn’t bring too big of a problem. 
That might cause nightmares, at the most.” Dunn had 


experienced similar cases with his plethora of experience. 


Klein nodded slightly and said, “Yes, that’s usually the case. But, 
unfortunately, Sir Deweyville encountered a female worker who 
died of lead poisoning on the streets. She collapsed by the side of 
the street and happened to catch a glimpse of the Deweyville’s 
family emblem. She also harbored intense indignation, worry, 
and desires. It was only when Sir Deweyville gave her parents, 
brother, and sister a compensation of three hundred pounds did 
her emotions dissipate.” 


“This is a societal problem. It isn’t rare in the Age of Steam and 
Machinery.” Dunn took out his smoking pipe, smelled the 
tobacco, and sighed. “Workers that make linen work in damp 
environments, and are generally diagnosed with bronchitis and 
joint related ailments. As for factories with serious powder and 
dust issues, even if the dust isn’t poisonous, it can still 
accumulate into lung problems... Sigh... We don’t have to talk 
about this. As the kingdom develops, I believe these problems 
will be resolved. Klein, let’s find a restaurant tonight to celebrate 
you becoming an official member, alright?” 


Klein thought for a moment before saying, “How about 
tomorrow... Captain, I have used Spirit Vision for an extended 
period of time today and also used dream divination to directly 
interact with those resentments. I’m feeling especially drained. I 
want to return home in the afternoon to get some rest. Would 
that be okay? Oh, then I'll head over to the Divination Club at 
about four or five in the afternoon to see how the club members 
are reacting to news of Hanass Vincent’s sudden death.” 


“No problem, that’s only necessary.” Dunn chuckled. “Tomorrow 
night it is. Let’s do it at Old Will’s Restaurant next door. I'll get 
Rozanne to make a reservation.” 


Klein took off his police peak cap and stood up to salute him. 


“Thank you, Captain. See you tomorrow.” 


Dunn lifted his hand and said, “Hold on, did you mention that 
Sir Deweyville gave the female worker’s parents a compensation 
of three hundred pounds?” 


“Yes.” Klein nodded and immediately understood the reason why 
the captain had mentioned it. “You are worried that they will get 
into trouble because of their wealth?” 


Dunn sighed. 


“Ive seen many similar situations in the past. Pass me their 
address, I'll ask Kenley to arrange for them to leave Tingen for 
another city, to start life anew.” 


“Alright,” Klein replied in a deep voice. 


With all of that done, he left Dunn’s office and entered the break 
room diagonally opposite. He changed into his original suit and 
left the police uniform in his locker. 


Klein took the public carriage back to Daffodil Street in silence. 
He took off his coat and top hat. He then heated up the leftovers 
from last night and ate them with the last piece of wheat bread 
to fill his stomach. 


Then, he went to the second floor, hung his clothes, and 
slumped into bed. 


When he woke up, the pocket watch showed that it was already 
ten past two in the afternoon. The sun was hanging high up in 


the sky and the sunlight shone through the clouds. 


Underneath the golden splendor, Klein stood next to his desk and 
looked out the oriel window. He watched the pedestrians in old 
ragged clothing as they entered or left Iron Cross Street. 


Phew... He let out a breath slowly, finally overcoming his low 
spirits. 


Every journey had to be taken one step at a time. Likewise, his 
Sequence needed to be advanced one level at a time. Everything 
worked like that. 


He shook his head and sat down. He started concluding and 
reorganizing his encounter over the last week, so as to reinforce 
the important points in his mind to prevent himself from 
forgetting them. 


Five minutes before three in the afternoon. 


Above a blurry, boundless, grayish-white, silent gray fog stood a 
lofty palace. An ancient mottled bronze table sat there quietly. 


On the seat of honor at the long table sat a man already engulfed 
by the thick gray fog. 


Klein leaned against the back of the chair and contemplated. He 
suddenly extended his hand and tapped on the crimson stars 
that represented Justice and The Hanged Man. 


Backlund, Empress Borough. 


Audrey lifted her dress as she quickly walked towards her 
bedroom. 


Suddenly, she felt something and looked sideways at the shadow 
sitting on the balcony. As expected, she saw her golden retriever, 
Susie, who was sitting there in silence, observing her as always. 


Audrey sighed and drew a crimson moon on her chest. She then 
got closer and looked down at her golden retriever from a 
commanding position. 


“Susie, that’s not right. This is peeping. A Spectator has to observe 
in an open manner.” 


The golden retriever lifted its head to look at its owner and shook 
its tail. 


After nagging her dog, Audrey didn’t delay any further and 
continued walking towards her bedroom again. 


In the few seconds of opening and closing the door, she suddenly 
had a weird idea. 


“I wonder if Mr. Fool would allow Susie to enter that mysterious 
space. Then, there would be four members in the Tarot 
Gathering! And all of them would be Beyonders! 


“No way, Susie can’t talk. If they were to let her express her 
opinion and share her thoughts, what would she do? Woof woof 
woof? Howl howl? Eww, why am I mimicking a dog’s bark here... 


“Just imagining such a scene feels really strange. A mysterious 
and solemn gathering with the sudden barking of a dog... Mr. 
Fool would definitely kick us out of the Tarot Gathering 
directly...” 


Audrey locked the door and sat by the side of her bed. She took 
out a piece of old yellowish-brown paper from underneath her 
pillow. 


She read it repeatedly and entered her Spectator state. 


In a particular area of the Sonia Sea, an old sailboat which was 
in pursuit of the Listener had already left the Rorsted 
Archipelago. 


Seafarer Alger Wilson was worried that the wall clock’s 
machinery would malfunction, so he entered the captain’s cabin 
about half an hour earlier in case he had misjudged the time 
which would cause his subordinates to see him getting pulled 
into the Tarot Gathering. 


In front of him was a glass of nearly transparent liquor. The rich 
aroma swirled strand after strand into his nostrils. 


Alger trembled once again when he thought of the impending 
Gathering, the boundless fog that presented itself in front of him 
in the hotel’s corridor, and the mysterious Fool who sat in the 
middle of the gray fog. 


He lifted his glass and took a gulp, using the burning sensation 
in his throat to ease the emotions that had stirred within him. 


Very soon, he restored his calm. He was as calm and stoic as he 
always was. 


Chapter $2: Hew Diary Page 


Above the gray fog, gigantic stone columns held up a majestic 
divine hall. 


Two dark red blobs extended out into faint human figures by the 
side of the ancient mottled bronze table. 


“Good afternoon, Mr. Fool.” Augmented with a blurry effect, 
Audrey greeted him with a bow and smiled. “It is unfortunate 
that there is no wine here; otherwise, we could have a toast to 
your successful trial.” 


She was referring to the ritualistic magic. 


“you are more powerful than we imagined,” Alger Wilson praised 
as well. 


Klein was surrounded by the thick fog as usual. He pressed down 
with his right arm and spoke with his normal tone, replying as 
though it was natural. 


“Great, this means that we are on the path of excellence. If you 
have any matters to tend to that leave you unable to attend the 
gathering on Mondays, conduct the ritual and inform me. All 
you have to do is change the line in the incantation ‘I pray for a 
good dream’ with the reason.” 


“Alright,” Audrey quickly agreed. “Mr. Fool, I obtained another 
page of Emperor Roselle’s diary. I believe I still owe you one 
page.” 


“I was away from land this week and haven’t found any new 
pages.” Alger placed his right hand near his chest and bowed in 


apology. 


“No matter. I expected my request to take a long time.” Klein 
leaned back into his chair and tapped the armrest with his index 
finger. He looked at Miss Justice and said, “You can express the 
contents of the diary now.” 


Audrey bowed slightly and said, “As you wish.” 


A pen suddenly appeared before her. She recalled the symbols 
that she had memorized and tried her best to transcribe them. 


In seconds, she saw that the goatskin was already filled with 
content. The strange symbols neatly covered the entire page. 


After checking the contents, she put down the fountain pen and 
said, “It’s done.” 


Klein raised his hand and the goatskin parchment appeared in 
his palm. 


Shifting his gaze down, he started reading without emotion. 


“July 9th. I suddenly thought of an interesting question. Since 
the Sequence pathways are also called the ‘Blessings of The 
Divinities’ or ‘Paths of The Dive’, then why would the stone slate 
that records the completed twenty-two Sequence pathways be 
called the ‘Blasphemy Slate’. Blasphemy, what an interesting 
term... Just who is the one blasphemed? 


“And who created the Blasphemy Slate? How could that person 
hold all of the Sequence pathways? Just what other information 
was on the stone? I really want to see it... 


“July 12th. I've realized another fact today. The Sealed Artifacts 
are an important component of a church’s overall strength, even 
though some of the Sealed Artifacts are very, very dangerous. 
Among the seven churches, the God of Craftsmanship wields the 
least number of Sealed Artifacts which are also relatively less 
dangerous... Did I join an organization without a future? No, I 
should think of it this way; only a blank piece of paper can 
produce a good painting. A weak organization is the best place 
for me to display my abilities! 


“July 14th. I saw that mysterious Mr. Zaratul again. I never 
expected him to be the leader of an ancient organization, the 
Secret Order!” 


Klein’s pupils constricted when he read this. He nearly revealed 
an unnatural expression. 


The Zaratul family only had a certain connection with the Secret 
Order in the notes of the Church of Evernight. But now, he 
learned from Emperor Roselle that the mysterious Mr. Zaratul 
was further determined to be the leader of the Secret Order. 


From the looks of it, it is an unquestionable fact that the Secret 
Order holds the Seer Sequence pathwau... 


While Klein was reading the diary, Audrey looked over and began 
observing him out of habit. 


However, her field of vision was completely obscured by the 
thick fog. 


Momentarily taken aback, Audrey snapped back to her senses 
and turned her head frantically to look at the other illusory dark 
red star. 


I was too reckless, too insolent, too foolish in trying to observe Mr. 
Fool... I was lucky, lucky that he isn’t angry. Audrey stuck out her 
tongue secretly and pretended to admire the scenery. She was 
just short of humming a lively tune. 


Alger sat silently, his gaze never leaving the long bronze table. He 
knew his place, as if he was in the presence of a true god. 


Klein collected himself and scanned the last portion of the diary. 


“After learning that I had become a Savant, Mr. Zaratul 
mentioned that I had chosen a difficult, yet relatively safe path. I 
asked him why that was the case, but all he did was smile before 
telling me that the Sequence pathway contains secrets beyond 
my imagination. I couldn’t help but ask him which Sequence 
pathway he selected. He told me that his Sequence 9 was Seer. 


“I intentionally mocked him and asked if every Seer only 
disclosed half-truths, never explaining things more clearly. 
Furthermore, he was clearly a powerful High-Sequence 
Beyonder. There was no need for him to continue acting as a 
Seer! 


“Mr. Zaratul told me that it was a habit he adopted from back 
when he was a Seer, and that this was a method that could 
pique my curiosity and make me cooperate with him. He hoped 
that I could help him steal a dangerous Sealed Artifact from the 
Church of the God of Craftsmanship, a relic of the Antigonus 
family. 


“Clearly, this must wait until I become a core member of the 


Church of the God of Craftsmanship. I asked Mr. Zaratul how 
long it would take to digest the potion if I used the acting 
method, and what standards I should use to determine if I had 
digested it completely. 


“He told me that for the lower Sequences, it would only take half 
a year to digest the potion as long as one strictly used the acting 
method. In fact, in the fastest case, it might only take a month. 
And standard measure for progress was simple; every Beyonder 
would sense it immediately once the potion was completely 
digested. It is what it is. 


“I asked him for more details, but he merely smiled at me. 


“To hell with his smiles, Pll beat up every Seer I see when I 
become a High-Sequence Beyonder!” 


...Rest in peace, Emperor... Klein read the diary several times 
before looking at Justice and The Hanged Man again. 


“Sorry for the wait.” 


“It is our honor.” Audrey was still shocked, forgetting that she 
was a Spectator. 


She looked at The Hanged Man and organized her words. 


“Where can I find the Psychology Alchemists?” 


Psychology Alchemists... Klein suddenly recalled the man buying 
supplementary ingredients for the Spectator potion at the Tingen 
underground market. 


Perhaps he was a member of the Psychology Alchemists? 


Just as Klein was considering how to get closer to that man, The 
Hanged Man, Alger Wilson shook his head and said, “Miss 
Justice, firstly, I don’t have a clue. Secondly, I don’t think there’s 
any rush in seeking out the Psychology Alchemists. What you 
should focus on now is completely digesting the Spectator 
potion.” 


Audrey glanced at The Fool and noticed that he didn’t have any 
intention of adding to the conversation. She nodded in 
disappointment and said, “All I want is to have plenty of time to 
prepare so that I can approach them more naturally. Alright, 
then when can I digest the Spectator potion and stop acting? Is 
there a standard that indicates when I can? ’m almost at the 
point where I no longer feel frustrated, nor do I hear the 
constant murmuring anymore.” 


Alger looked at The Fool in the fog but saw that he didn’t have 
any intention of speaking. He then deliberated before saying, “If 
you don’t use the acting method, the typical rule of thumb is to 
wait three years and confirm that you no longer feel restless or 
receive any auditory or visual illusions. There is one simple test 
to determine when you can. That method is to exhaust your body 
to its limit. If you still don’t hear any maniacal murmurings or 
see any strange things at that point, that would mean that 
you're ready to advance.” 


“with regards to the acting method, I have also just come into 
contact with it. It feels good, so I don’t think it'll take three 
years.” 


That wasn’t useful at all... Three years, that’s too long... Audrey 
criticized inwardly. 


She had just thought about this when she heard an armrest 


being tapped. 


Audrey froze, then turned her head in joy. She saw The Fool 
tapping on the edge of the long table. 


Alger sat straighter, waiting for The Fool to speak. 


Klein said in his normal tone, “For Low-Sequence Beyonders, as 
long as you strictly stick to acting, you should be able to digest 
the medicine in half a year. It’s even possible to do it in a 
month.” 


He looked at Justice and added, “As for the signs of digestion, 
you'll know it when it comes. It doesn’t need to be taught.” 


“One month... Great! Thank you, Mr. Fool!” Audrey exclaimed 
while brimming with joy. 


Miss Justice, don’t think that you are the chosen one. The key 
point is half a year... Klein lifted his right hand and placed it 
beside his lips. 


“Half a year...” Alger repeated softly. 


Audrey sensed joy, relief, and intense doubt in his tone. 


What is he suspicious about? Audrey thought as she asked, “Mr. 
Fool, have you considered adding more members?” 


Klein leaned back casually. He had long prepared an answer. 


“This started as a trial, so I didn’t spend much time thinking 
about extending our meetings. 


“But now, as a regular gathering, we must choose our members 
carefully. Secrecy is our motto.” 


Audrey nodded gently and said, “That is to say that we have to 
follow a process of observation, recommendation, and testing 
process. Yes, a process.” 


“you can interpret it that way,” Klein affirmed. 


In his mind he was thinking about how he could inquire about 
the Secret Order and the Clown potion. 


How can I ask questions in a way that befits my status? Klein was 
placed in a difficult spot. 


At that moment, realizing that Justice temporarily had nothing 
else to say, Alger took the initiative to speak, “I’ve heard that a 
Listener from the Aurora Order is searching for traces of the True 
Creator, which is the holy residence they advocate.” 


“True Creator?” Audrey asked, puzzled. 


“It is an ancient entity worshiped by numerous secret 
organizations and cults. They believe that the Creator hasn’t 
completely perished. The Core he left behind is the True Creator.” 
Alger gave a rough explanation. “Since the Fifth Epoch, the True 
Creator has appeared in many forms, such as The Hanged Giant 
or the Eye behind the Shadow Curtains. Heh heh, many people 
believe that Emperor Roselle referenced the imagery of the True 
Creator when he was creating the tarot cards; hence, there exists 


the card of The Hanged Man.” 


At this point, he looked at Klein and said, “Mr. Fool, there’s 
nothing with what I said, right?” 


Is he trying to probe for my views on the True Creator? Klein 
thought about the bloody man on the cross that the Captain saw 
in Hanass Vincent’s dream and immediately had an idea. 


Doesn’t both the hanging and the shadows imply evil 
connotations? 


Therefore, he chuckled and said, “I am more inclined to call him, 
the Fallen Creator.” 


Chapter 94: Hidlen Sage 


“The Fallen Creator... Fallen...” Alger ruminated over The Fool’s 
words and fell deep in thought. 


However, what struck Alger the most was The Fool’s relaxed, 
natural, and nonchalant attitude. 


He acted as if they were equal! 


If he hadn’t experienced their previous ritual, Alger might have 
thought The Fool was merely bluffing, and building himself up to 
intimidate him and Justice. But now, he was of the opinion that 
even if The Fool was inferior to the True Creator, he was at least 
close to that level. 


It’s dangerous. It’s also an opportunity... Alger muttered softly. 
He then spoke with a smile, “Mr. Fool, your description is indeed 
more appropriate. According to our observations, Beyonders who 
believed in the True Creator, no—the Fallen Creator, have a 
higher probability of losing control. The rest of them are mostly 
psychopaths.” 


That’s something that the Nighthawks’ intelligence mentioned as 
well... And the so-called ‘psychopaths’ didn’t lose their sanity; 
instead, their ideologies became twisted... Klein maintained his 
seated posture but didn’t continue with the conversation. 


He was still considering how to inquire about the Secret Order 
and Clown potion, but he couldn't figure out a way of asking the 
questions in a way that fit with his persona. 


It’s such a pity that the Gathering is still so different from an 
Internet forum. Otherwise, I could create another smurf account 
to join the Gathering, and that account would be in charge of 
asking questions that are inconvenient for me to ask... Perhaps, 
one day, I'll learn mirror-related magic and give it a try. For 
example, I can make half the members here my smurf accounts... 


There are twenty-two chairs here, and there are twenty-two cards 
in the tarot deck. That matches up perfectly. But when I ‘created’ 
this divine hall, I didn’t even name muself ‘The Fool’ or have any 
intention of forming a ‘Tarot Club’. Hmm, do these symbolize the 
twenty-two different Sequence pathways? 


I wanted a divine hall, so a divine hall appeared. If I wanted a 
smurf account, would I get a smurf account... 


Upon seeing The Fool remain silently engulfed in the thick gray 
fog, Audrey asked both wistfully and curiously, “That sounds 
scary. Mr. Hanged Man, could you share, in detail, information 
about each, and every mysterious organization? And also the 
matters regarding each secret cult? It’s hard for me to come into 
contact with them during my daily life. I can only understand 
them through the both of you. ’'m willing to pay for it. May I 
know what you'd like in return?” 


That’s a great question! Miss Justice, you’re playing the role of my 
smurf account to a certain extent... This way, The Hanged Man 
will definitely bring up the Secret Order... You’re the best! Klein’s 
mind stirred when he heard that, but he didn’t let his emotions 
show through his expression or movements. 


Alger thought for a moment before saying, “I need money—a 
thousand pounds. It’d be best if they weren’t bills marked by a 
serial number. Or maybe gemstones that have just been 
unearthed. Price them according to the Backlund Jewelry 
Exchange’s monthly average price.” 


A thousand pounds? That’s a huge sum of money. It could be used 
to buy a house in a high-class street in Tingen City! Not everyone 
would have that available immediately... Captain might have an 
annual salary like that, I guess? Hayley’s death compensation 
was only three hundred pounds... Although Miss Justice is a noble, 
she obviously hasn’t inherited her family’s wealth yet, and she’ll 
only be receiving some sort of annual allowance... Hmm, it’s no 
wonder that The Hanged Man stated that it could be paid via 
gemstones... Klein was very sensitive towards monetary figures. 
Luckily, he was blanketed in thick fog. 


For a single lady or madam, two thousand pounds could let her 
live a decent life! 


If two thousand pounds were invested, the investment could 
reliably produce an annual return of about a hundred pounds. 


“A thousand pounds?” Audrey said, sounding shocked. She then 
replied happily, “No problem, do I send it to the previous 
address?” 


Judging by Miss Justice’s tone, she finds it very cheap? Klein 
didn’t look over. 


Alger was quiet for a good twenty seconds before he said, “Yes, 
send it to the Warrior & Sea Bar at Pelican Street, in the White 
Rose Borough of Pritz Harbor. Tell the boss, Williams, that it’s 
what the ‘Captain’ wants. 


“Alright.” Audrey leaned back and posed in a Spectator-like 
manner. “Mr. Hanged Man, you can start now.” 


Alger looked at The Fool, deliberated for a moment before saying 
slowly, “Let’s start from the Moses Ascetic Order. It is the earliest 
hidden organization. Of course, many think that the earliest 


hidden organizations are the Church of Evernight, the Church of 
Earth Mother, and the Church of the God of Combat. 


“These people must be from the Church of Storms, the Church of 
the Eternal Blazing Sun, or the Church of the God of Knowledge 
and Wisdom,” Audrey refuted sulkily. 


The Church of the Goddess is the earliest hidden organization? 
That was the first time Klein had heard of such a claim. 


What exactly happened in the Fourth Epoch or the Third Epoch? 


Alger smiled and said, “The truth is buried in ancient history. 
Only one thing is certain: no one has ever said that the Church of 
Storms, the Church of the Eternal Blazing Sun, or the Church of 
the God of Knowledge and Wisdom were once hidden 
organizations. 


“Alright, let’s save some time and return to the main topic. The 
Moses Ascetic Order was first established by a few humans that 
had read the Blasphemy Slate. They believed in an non- 


:,9 


anthropomorphic god, called ‘the Hidden Sage’. 


“The description is that of a god, but it is more of an ideology, a 
natural law. For example, all objects are numeric. The Hidden 
Sage is an embodiment of Spirit Numerology. Or that knowledge 
is supreme, and the Hidden Sage is knowledge itself. Hence, the 
original Moses Ascetic Order was a very respectable organization, 
and it maintained a good relationship with the other major 
churches. 


“The members of the organization led ascetic lives to resist 
losing control and to resolve the effects of the Remnant potion. 
They strictly kept their order’s secrets, and they upheld moral 
and religious precepts. They believe that humans continuously 


reincarnate after death... 


“The Sequence 9 that they grasp is called Mystery Pryer... The 
word ‘Warlock’ was also spread from that organization.” 


Audrey listened to The Hanged Man’s description carefully and 
asked sharply, “You said that the Moses Ascetic Order used to be 
a respectable organization. Are they not one anymore?” 


Alger nodded his head indiscernibly. 


“yes, they have fallen into corruption and are now an evil 
organization.” 


“Why? I find their beliefs very good and very normal,” Audrey 
expressed her confusion. 


That was Klein’s confusion too. The information that he could 
get at his security clearance didn’t provide the reason for the 
Moses Ascetic Order’s fall from grace. 


Alger looked at the unfathomable Fool and tersely agreed. 


“Iam not sure of the real reason. It might be because it has been 
buried by history. However, I have heard one terrifying 
explanation. 


“In that story, the main reason why the Moses Ascetic Order fell 
into corruption was because the god that they believed in, the 
Hidden Sage, had come to life! 


“He became the personification of an evil god!” 


“Came to life? This... how?” Audrey found it unimaginable as she 
replied with an incredulous tone. 


Without realizing it, she had exited from her Spectator state. 


It’s like a horror story, but the ghost is even a god... Klein’s heart 
stirred with a surge of emotions as well. 


“Tm sorry, no one knows the answer.” Alger had originally 
wanted to casually say, “Maybe Mr. Fool would know,” but he 
held back the urge. 


He had already teetered on the borders of danger once. 


In The Book of Storms 5:7, there was a saying that Alger 
remembered clearly, which was: “Thou shalt not test God!” 


Audrey calmed herself down and didn’t press for more answers. 
She gestured for him to continue. 


Klein maintained his seated posture and his silence, validating 
The Hanged Man’s descriptions with his own understanding. 


Finally, he realized that there were four points that he needed to 
take note of. 


First, the Demoness Sect was also known as the Demoness 
Family in the Fourth Epoch. Back then, they had very few 
members, and their beliefs were passed down through their 


bloodlines. Plus, they would kill the fathers of their children and 
abandon the baby boys. Hence, all the members were female. Of 
course, that was all from Alger’s description, and there was no 
way to verify it at the moment. 


Second, the Numinous Episcopate that believed in Death and the 
Rose School of Thought that liked bloody sacrificial worship 
ceremonies both originated in the Southern Continent. After the 
colonial era came, they almost vanished under attacks by the 
seven churches. But as such, they began spreading to the 
Northern Continent. 


Third, the current Psychology Alchemists was similar to the 
earlier Moses Ascetic Order. They believed in an non- 
anthropomorphic existence and believed that the human spirit 
could change everything. 


Fourth, the Secret Order had the lowest activity level among all 
the other hidden organizations. Thus, they were the most 
unknown. Every time they appeared, they seem to be after 
something or looking for something. 


What are they after or looking for? Klein suddenly recalled the 
diary which he had read earlier: The leader of the Secret Order, 
Zaratul, cooperated with the Roselle. His goal was to get 
something left behind by the Antigonus family. 


Their appearance that time was to look for the lost notebook, the 
Antigonus family notebook... Klein narrowed his eyes slightly 
and felt that he had apparently found the key reason for the 
Secret Order’s actions. 


They are after the things that the Antigonus family left behind! 


Klein suppressed his urge to tap the edge of the table as his 


thoughts appeared one after another. 


Oh, they were looking for remnant traces the Antigonus family left 
behind? 


Then must I direct my focus onto these areas to obtain the Clown 
potion formula from the Secret Order? 


After a further exchange of information, Klein announced the 
end of the Gathering. 


“By your will.” Audrey and Alger stood up together. 


Cutting off the connections, he saw both their figures shatter 
and disappear. Klein rubbed his glabella and attempted 
conjuring a smurf account with his mind. 


As he thought, a figure appeared at the furthest end of the long 
bronze table. That figure was wearing a black tuxedo, a silk top 
hat, and a dull expression. His actions were clumsy and 
inarticulate. Even though he was engulfed in gray fog, it was 
obvious that something was wrong with him. 


That won't do... Klein experimented a few more times before 
sighing and dismissing the idea of creating a smurf account. 


He attempted other things too. He continued to sit above the gray 
fog in the seat of honor at the long bronze table. He considered 
what Audrey had said, and he cast his gaze curiously at the 
illusory crimson stars. 


After a moment of silence, Klein started to pray as a form of 


feedback instead of establishing contact with those stars. 


Amidst the tranquility and silence, he didn’t receive any 
feedback from the ten plus crimson stars nearby. 


In order to receive feedback, I need to pull someone above the gray 
fog before I can reply? Klein nodded as he thought, feeling 
somewhat disappointed. 


He didn’t want to violate someone else’s will and forcefully pull 
them into this mysterious space. 


Hmm... Klein was just getting ready to leave, but he habitually 
touched a nearby illusory crimson star. 


Just then, he suddenly felt that there was a faint and 
insignificant prayer deep inside the crimson star! 


Chapter $5: The Supmlicant 
“A prayer?” 


Klein’s mind stirred as he used the same method he used back 
when he spied on The Hanged Man. He allowed his spirituality to 
spread outward and touch the crimson blob. 


A hazy and contorted image appeared within his sight. He could 
faintly see a blond teen kneeling on the ground, facing a pure 
crystal ball. 


That teenager was dressed in a tight-fitting black outfit, with a 
style very different from the contemporary styles of the Loen 
Kingdom. It was more congruent with the traditional clothing of 
the Feysac Empire and the Intis Republic that Klein had seen 
from reading magazines. 


The area surrounding the teenager was dark and had old 
furniture. From time to time, the room would be illuminated, 
but Klein couldn’t hear the roaring thunder or the pattering of 
rain. 


In the image, the teenager had his hands on his forehead, 
fingers crossed. He bowed forward, continually praying for 
something. His thick accent buzzed in Klein’s ears. 


Klein listened attentively but discovered an awkward fact. 


He couldn’t understand what the other party was saying. It was 
a language that he had never come across in his life! 


..TO think that I cannot understand a foreign language even 
though I am the mysterious ruler of this world above the gray 
fog... Klein gave a self-deprecating laugh. He indignantly tried 
listening in once again in a manner more attentive than when 
he had to do English listening comprehension tests back on 
Earth. 


As he was listening to the prayers, he gradually discovered 
something. 


Even though he had never learned the language the young man 
was speaking, he found that it had similarities to Ancient 
Feysac! 


Father... Mother... Those are likely the meanings of those two 
terms, right? It is quite similar to Ancient Feysac, but not without 
its differences... Klein creased his brows and slipped into deep 
thought. Ancient Feysac was a common language in the Fourth 
Epoch. It is also the root language of all the contemporary 
languages of this era. Furthermore, it is still evolving... I cannot 
confirm it right now... 


He listened to it over and over again, eliminating the possibility 
of the language being a modern language like Loen, Feysac, or 
Intis. 


Could it be a dialect of Ancient Feysac? Like the language used in 
the Antigonus family’s diary? Klein tapped his finger on the edge 
of the bronze table and nodded indiscernibly. There was another 
possibility. Ancient Feysac didn’t spring into existence out of 
nothing, it was an evolution of Jotun, the language of the Giants... 
The Feysac Empire in the north has always claimed that its people 
possesses the bloodline of the Giants. Perhaps, this is ancient 
Jotun. 


At this point, Klein, who lacked knowledge, could only stop. He 


retracted his spirituality, without looking or listening in to that 
scene. 


He had no intention of pulling the praying teen up above the fog 
immediately. He wanted to know what the young man was 
talking about first. 


Of course, before that, he had to observe him frequently and 
conduct basic ‘tests’. 


Phew. Klein exhaled as he leaned back in his chair. 


He enveloped himself with his spirituality and simulated the 
feeling of falling. 


After “revising” Roselle’s diary, Klein changed into his formal 
wear and left for the Divination Club. 


He took the public transport despite his pay rise, but he did 
splurge to support Mrs. Wendy’s business. He spent 1.5 pence on 
sweet iced tea to combat the afternoon heat. 


When he arrived at Howes Street, Klein tossed the empty cup 
into the trash can and walked up to the second floor. 


Before entering the building, he pinched his glabella and 
activated his Spirit Vision. 


Klein had just entered the hall when he felt a faint, lingering 


grief. 


The pretty receptionist Angelica was sitting there; her slightly 
red eyes looked unfocused. 


“The grief will pass in time,” Klein said with a gentle and firm 
tone as he walked toward Angelica. 


Angelica looked up abruptly and muttered, clearly confused, “Mr. 
Moretti...” 


She quickly came to her senses and asked, perturbed, “Y-you 
already know about Mr. Vincent? 


“Oh right, I forgot that you’re an exceptional fortune-teller.” 


Klein sighed appropriately. 


“I only managed to divine a very rough outline of what 
transpired... Just what exactly happened to Mr. Vincent?” 


“The boss told us that Mr. Vincent had a heart attack in his sleep 
and left this world peacefully.” Angelica cried as she said, “He 
was so friendly, so polite, a true gentleman. He was the spiritual 
mentor of so many of our members. H-he was still so young...” 


“I am sorry for bringing up this sad topic.” Klein didn’t console 
her any further. He walked toward the meeting room slowly. 


Angelica took out a handkerchief and wiped her eyes and nose. 
She then looked at Klein’s back and asked loudly, “Mr. Moretti, 


what would you like to drink?” 


“Black tea.” Klein preferred black tea to coffee, even though he 
found the black tea average. 


In comparison, he preferred ginger beer and sweet iced tea. But 
as a gentleman, it was not right for him to act like a child ina 
formal setting... 


As it was a Monday, there were only five or six members in the 
meeting room. Using his Spirit Vision, Klein saw that they each 
had different colors of emotion. Some were grieving, some more 
dull, some relatively unaffected. 


They’re all rather normal... normal reactions. Klein nodded 
slightly. He picked up his cane and found a spot in the room. 


He was about to deactivate his Spirit Vision when he saw 
Angelica walk in and walk towards him. 


“Mr. Moretti, a customer is looking for you. Well, it’s the person 
from last time,” the beautiful lady said with a hushed tone. 


“You still remember him?” Klein asked with a smile. 


Hmm, I wonder if he bought the magical medicine as I 
instructed... I wonder if he still needs surgery... 


Angelica covered her mouth and said, “He was the only person 
who was willing to wait an entire afternoon in the club for a 
divination.” 


Klein grabbed his cane and stood up. He walked outside without 
saying anything. 


In the reception area, he found the person who had sought his 
services the other day. He also noticed that the aura near his 
liver had regained its normal color. His overall health had also 
improved. 


“Congratulations, the feeling of being healthy is wonderful 
indeed.” Klein smiled as he extended a hand. 


Bogda was first taken aback before he immediately extended 
both hands. He grabbed Klein’s right palm tightly. 


“Mr. Moretti, you truly can ‘see’ my condition! 


“Yes, I have fully recovered! The doctors asked me questions over 
and over again, ran repeated tests on me, but they cannot believe 
that I recovered just like that!” 


Upon hearing Bogda’s ecstatic description, Klein calmly 
confirmed one thing—the apothecary at Lawson’s Folk Herb 
Store was definitely a Beyonder! 


He had seen how severe the man’s liver disease had been. Fully 
healing him in the span of a few days was beyond the capability 
of herbs and medical ability. The only possible explanation was 
that of a Beyonder! 


Coupled with the incident with Glacis, there could only be one 
answer. 


“I have to repent to God. To think that I would suspect you, 
suspect that miraculous doctor.” Bogda refused to let go of Klein’s 
hand. He continued on about his shame and gratitude, “...those 
ten pounds were truly money well spent. It bought my life back!” 


What? Ten pounds? You spent ten pounds on the miraculous 
medicine? And you only gave me eight pence for my divination... 
Just eight pence... eight pence... pence... Klein was dazed just 
hearing about it. 


At this moment, Bogda released his hands as he took a step back 
while beaming. He bowed reverently and said, “I am here today 
to express my gratitude. Thank you, Master Moretti. You showed 
me the way and saved my life. 


“This was the outcome of you paying to have something divined. 
You need not thank anybody.” Klein lifted his head slightly and 
looked at the divide between the wall and the ceiling. His answer 
fully expressed the vibes of a charlatan. 


“you are a true seer,” Bogda praised. “Next, I'll be heading to Vlad 
Street to thank that apothecary and buy the medicine he 
recommended.” 


“Haven't you already recovered?” Klein expertly hid the shock in 
his voice. 


Bogda looked around, and laughed when he confirmed that the 
receptionist was not paying attention to them. He chuckled 
softly and said, “The doctor mentioned a concoction of herbs that 
includes mummy powder. It is a prescription that would satisfy 
both men and women... I didn’t believe the doctor back then, but 
I have no more doubts now.” 


...There’s a prescription like that? Klein suddenly felt that the 


apothecary was a cheat, and suspected if he had pushed the 
person in front of him into a fiery pit of doom. 


He observed Bogda and confirmed that there was no problem 
with his aura. 


“Mummy powder?” Klein cautiously asked. 


“yes, mummy powder. I have asked a friend, he said that even 
the nobles of Backlund are maniacally looking for such an item. 
It’s a powder made by grinding mummies which gives men peak 
performance in bed. Even though it’s disgusting and sounds 
dirty, it truly is a material used by the aristocrats...” Bogda gave a 
detailed description. He had an eager desire in his eyes. 


Mummies? Mummies made from corpses? Then grinding them to 
powder? Klein was dumbfounded. He nearly retched in front of 
Bogda. 


Those nobles sure are hardcore... Just as he was about to advise 
Bogda against doing so, Glacis, who had suffered from a lung 
disease previously, stepped into the door and heard Bogda’s 
description. 


“Yes, it’s very effective. I would recommend that you head to 
Lawson’s Folk Herb Store at Vlad Street. Mr. Lawson’s secret 
recipe is very effective!” Glacis took off his spectacles and leaned 
over with interest. He recommended with a hushed tone, “My 
experience was very, very, very perfect.” 


“you know of it too? I was just about to head to Mr. Lawson’s Folk 
Herb Store.” Bogda’s worries vanished completely. 


After a short conversation, he left the Divination Club in a hurry. 


Up until then, Klein was still a little dumbfounded. 


He waited till twenty past five in the afternoon before putting on 
his hat and picking up his black cane. He took a carriage down to 
Vlad Street, intending to observe the apothecary named Lawson 
Darkweed before deciding if he should notify the captain or not. 


18 Vlad Street. 


Klein stood outside the herb store and saw the closed door, as 
well as a subletting notice. 


...Quite a wary man... he muttered silently. 


Since this had happened, he no longer had to be troubled or 
perform any observations. 


Chapter 96: Daly’s Guess 


By the afternoon of the next day, Klein had fully recovered from 
any signs of exhaustion. He walked into the Blackthorn Security 
Company with steady footsteps. 


“Good morning, Klein. The weather is so cool and beautiful 
today, ’'m looking forward to tonight’s feast.” Rozanne who was 
wearing a light green dress greeted him with a smile from 
behind the reception desk. 


Klein deliberately touched his stomach and said, “Miss Rozanne, 
you shouldn't be talking about that so early in the morning! ’m 
already sick of today’s mission that has yet to arrive. I only hope 
for the evening to arrive sooner.” 


“Me too.” Rozanne chuckled. 


She looked to the left and right, then she beckoned for Klein to 
come closer. She lowered her voice and said, “I met Madam Daly 
earlier.” 


“Spirit Medium Madam Daly?” Klein asked in surprise. 


The most famous Spirit Medium from Awwa County had been 
living at Enmat Harbor all this time, and it wasn’t a short 
distance from Tingen. 


“Yes.” Rozanne gave a firm nod and said, “But, she has already 
left. Ah, she is my ideal Beyonder. If I were to become a Spirit 
Medium, I would leave Tingen and travel all around the world by 
myself. To Intis, to Feysac, to Feynapotter, to the Southern 


Continent; to the vast prairies, primitive forests, and snow- 
covered plains!” 


Lady, be aware of the Nighthawks’ rules... Klein shook his head in 
amusement. 


“Even Madam Daly has to apply and obtain permission to leave 
Enmat Harbor.” 


“I know that, but you can’t just remind me about it now and 
shatter my dreams!” Rozanne said peeved. “The truth is, I would 
never become a Beyonder. It’s too dangerous. I don’t know when 
I'll die from sudden gunfire. From what I’ve seen, Beyonders are 
basically people who turn themselves into monsters to fight 
against monsters.” 


“Archbishop Chanis said that we are guardians, but also a bunch 
of miserable wretches that are constantly fighting against 
threats and madness,” Klein replied, sighing. The quote had left a 
deep impression on him. 


To fight against the abyss, we have to endure the corruption of the 
abyss. 


The two of them fell silent in unison. Rozanne was the first to 
break the silence as she pursed her lips towards the partition 
and said, “Captain wanted you to meet him when you arrived.” 


“Alright.” With his hat and cane in hand, Klein passed through 
the partition and entered Dunn’s office after knocking on the 
door. 


A middle-aged gentleman with deep and serene gray eyes and a 


high hairline put down his coffee cup and said with a smile. 


“Daly was here.” 


“Can’t say that ’'m surprised; Rozanne had just informed me,” 
Klein replied with a smile. 


Dunn didn’t mind his humor but sighed. 


“Daly was just transferred to the Backlund diocese, which is the 
world’s busiest and most crowded city. They have the highest 
population of Beyonders and the most opportunities... She has a 
higher chance of becoming an archbishop or a senior deacon 
than me.” 


“Why?” Klein asked curiously as he took a seat. 


Dunn thought for nearly twenty seconds before answering, “She 
has a unigue talent in mastering and exploiting Sequence 
potions... [ve mentioned the internal rule of the Nighthawks 
before. If you want to consume the next potion in the Sequence, 
youll have to wait three years and go through a strict 
examination to prevent any loss of control. But typically, three 
years is far from sufficient. I spent three years going from a 
Sleepless to a Midnight Poet. It took me nine years to go from a 
Midnight Poet to Nightmare—a full nine years. And to go from 
Nightmare to Sequence 6, I’ve already spent three years. I have 
no idea how many more years I need. 


“When our bodies age and our energy starts to decline, even if we 
overcome the latent dangers, we shouldn’t attempt advancing 
anymore. This is because the risk of losing control at that point 
is so high that no one is willing to risk it. 


“As for Daly, she is different from me and most Beyonders. After 
she became a Corpse Collector, she handed in a special 
application after only a year. She hoped to consume the follow- 
up potion immediately. What surprised everyone was that she 
actually passed through the stricter examination and obtained 
the Gravedigger potion. 


“It only took her one more year to go from Gravedigger to Spirit 
Medium. Heh, this year will be her fifth year as a Beyonder. She 
is only twenty-four this year, young enough to have many 
opportunities ahead of her.” 


On the surface, she’s the most famous spirit medium in Awwa 
County, but she truly is an actual Spirit Medium... Isn’t that 
acting? Old Neil had apparently mentioned that Madam Daly had 
similar tendencies... Klein felt that he had grasped the key reason 
for Madam Daly’s quick ascension through the ranks. 


“Captain, youre young enough as well. Youre only in your 
thirties,” Klein comforted Dunn, but added in his heart, It’s just 
that your memory isn’t that great... 


Dunn drank a sip of his coffee. He shook his head and smiled 
bitterly. 


“Why didn’t you ask Madam Daly about her method of 
mastering and exploiting Sequence potions?” Klein purposely 
asked. 


Dunn put down his coffee cup and massaged his temples as he 
spoke. 


“She told me to become a true Nightmare... I don’t know what 
that means.” 


Play the role of a Nightmare. Man, a Nightmare sounds sinister... 
Klein creased his eyebrows and temporarily fell silent. 


Then, Dunn took out his smoking pipe and sniffed at it. 


“Daly and I discussed the possibility of Seer’s follow-up potion 
being Clown. Assuming that the member of the Seers didn’t lie to 
you, she brought up an interesting hypothesis.” 


“What hypothesis?” Klein asked hurriedly, his eyes turning 
bright. 


He had once used a divination method to determine if Clown 
was the follow-up potion of Seer. The answer he received had 
been vague, but it seemed close to being a confirmation. 


Dunn’s deep and serene gray eyes swept his gaze at him while he 
said in thought, “A normal Sequence pathway proceeds in a 
stepped manner. They advance according to a particular 
similarity. For instance, Sleepless, Midnight Poet, and Nightmare 
are all obviously related to the darkness of the night, as well as 
the peaceful sleep and tranquility that is generated from sleep. It 
can be imagined that every subsequent Sequence would have 
identical traits, only with more power and a wider scope. They 
might be linked to secrets, disaster, horror, the crimson moon, 
etc... 


“Certain Sequence pathways appear unrelated, but when we 
analyze them in detail, we can still find similarities, such as 
Assassin and Instigator. Their implied similarity is to bring 
people calamities, pain, sorrow, and despair. Hence, the follow- 
up Sequences should abide by this pattern.” 


Klein paid close attention and asked proactively, “But Seer and 
Clown doesn’t have such a connection?” 


“Yeah.” Dunn nodded and said, “Daly believes that there might be 
Sequence pathways that share another kind of relationship. 
After all, there’s a lot we do not know.” 


He paused for a moment before saying, “Daly said that, in this 
sort of pathway, the low to mid Sequence potions would 
respectively provide the Beyonder an ability that seems brand 
new and unrelated to the others. When the Beyonder reaches a 
point of qualitative change, these abilities will mix into an 
abnormally powerful ‘job’ that includes them all.” 


“In other words, the pathway doesn’t advance step by step, but 
instead it’s a relationship of dissection and combination.” 


Klein listened intently, but he felt lost. Dunn lifted his right hand 
and said, “A normal Sequence pathway advances a bit at a time, 
just like a child growing up. A growing child becomes taller, 
stronger, heavier, and more mature from a young age.” 


“While special Sequence pathways are more like...” 


Having said this, Dunn lifted up his thumb. 


“This is Sequence 9.” 


Then, he lifted up his index finger. 


“This is Sequence 8.” 


Then, he gradually lifted up the rest of his fingers. 


“Each and every finger is independent, and doesn’t seem to be 
related to the others. But in the end...” 


When he said the word ‘end,’ Dunn clenched his fingers into a 
tight fist! 


“I understand now.” Klein was suddenly enlightened. He agreed 
with Lady Daly’s guess and the Captain’s metaphor. 


Maybe that’s how it is? He nodded in deep thought. 


Sequence 8 Clown and Sequence 9 Seer are completely different and 
have brand new abilities. And according to the description from 
the Nighthawks’ intelligence, the corresponding Sequence 7 and 
Sequence 8 Clown don’t share any similarities either... 


Klein fell silent for a while before curiously pressing on, “At 
which stage would the different abilities combine to form a 
qualitative change?” 


Dunn took another sip of coffee and chuckled. 


“Daly and I guessed Sequence 4!” 


“Why?” Klein blurted out. 


“Because according to the way the churches categorize 
Sequences, Sequence 4 is the beginning point of the higher 
Sequences. It is said that merely achieving such a level brings 
about qualitative changes in vitality and energy. In ancient 
times, Sequence 4 Beyonders were qualified to be called 
demigods in the Fourth Epoch. It’s a pity that such Beyonders are 


very rare in this era,” Dunn said wistfully. 


“If Sequence 4 to Sequence 1 are High-Sequence Beyonders, then 
who are the Low-Sequence Beyonders?” Klein asked with 
interest. 


“Sequences 9 through 7 were considered as Low-Sequences a 
thousand years ago. But, in recent centuries, Beyonders are few 
in number and each church has listed Sequence 7 as a Mid- 
Sequence.” Dunn laughed in a self-deprecating manner. 


Sequence 9 and Sequence 8 are Low-Sequences. Then, Sequences 
7 through 5 are Mid-Sequences. Finally, those Sequence 4 and 
above are High-Sequences... Klein repeated in his head and 
inevitably felt a yearning for that. 


Emperor Roselle was a High-Sequence Beyonder! 


However, the higher the Sequence, the greater the risk of losing 
control... Klein thought to himself in fear. 


He asked as though in a seemingly casual manner, “What is the 
Sequence 4 potion for the Church of the Goddess called?” 


“In actual fact, fm not sure. My security clearance isn’t high 
enough for me to be privy to that information. I'll be able to read 
them when I become a diocese bishop or Nighthawks deacon.” 
Dunn shook his head and smiled. “In fact, at least half of the 
Church’s thirteen archbishops and nine senior deacons at the top 
of the Church’s hierarchy are below Sequence 4. Hmm, that’s just 
me being optimistic. The archbishop Ince Zangwill, who became 
wanted, lost control when he tried to advance to Sequence 4.” 


The one who stole Sealed Artifact ‘0-08?’ His potion was 
apparently called Gatekeeper... Klein thought and probed, “Is 
Sleepless Sequence 5 Gatekeeper?” 


“No, that’s in Spirit Medium’s pathway. You'll be allowed to 
access that information when you reach Sequence 7 and become 
a bishop or a Captain of a Nighthawks team.” 


Gatekeeper is Sequence 5 of the Spirit Medium pathway? Does it 
mean that it’s keeping watch over the gates to Hell? Or keeping 
watch over the gates to the Spirit World? Klein guessed. 


“Alright, go to Old Neil and continue with your studies.” Dunn 
smiled and said, “Don’t forget about dinner tonight, at Old Will’s 
Restaurant. Reservations have been made. Ill introduce you to 
the rest of the Nighthawks officially.” 


“Alright, I've already prepared the money.” Klein forced a smile. 


“No, there’s no need. Have you forgotten that we have additional 
bonuses? The part about you completing an assigned mission.” 
Dunn waved. 


Klein was momentarily taken aback before replying with a 
beaming smile, “Alright, Captain.” 


He turned around and walked towards the door, while counting 
inwardly, Three, two, one... Eh, why didn’t Captain call me back? 


Klein dragged out “one” for a very long time, only to be surprised 
that Captain Dunn Smith hadn’t forgotten add anything. 


A miracle... 


In the armory, Old Neil stole a glance at Klein, who was in a good 
mood. 


“Don’t be obsessed with tonight’s dinner. You still have a lot of 
things to learn, such as more ritualistic magic, ancient Hermes, 
Dragonese, Elvish, and many more.” 


“yeah, every afternoon besides your day off, you have to have at 
least two hours of combat training with an instructor.” 


” 


“Combat training? Captain didn’t mention it...” Klein was 


shocked. 


Old Neil nodded and didn’t hesitate to answer, “He forgot.” 


Chapter 97: Combat Teacher 


At two in the afternoon, outside of a simple two-storied building 
that was in disrepair at the outskirts of the North Borough. 


Klein, who was in his probationary inspector uniform, looked at 
the weed-filled garden and the vines that had crept up the walls. 
He turned his head in surprise. 


“My combat instructor lives here?” 


Shouldn’t a combat artist who was selected by the Nighthawks be 
exceptional... 


Leonard Mitchell, who had guided Klein there, snickered and 
said, “Don’t underestimate Mr. Gawain because of his residence’s 
surroundings. Although he was never conferred an aristocratic 
title, he was a true knight back in the day.” 


Having said that, the poetic Nighthawk, who was dressed in a 
white shirt, black trousers, and buttonless leather boots 
suddenly felt melancholic. 


“He was active during the waning era of the knights. The 
warriors donning their armors would storm through enemy 
ranks despite the gunfire and cannon fire, destroying their 
enemies and redefining the battle lines. But alas, they were 
quickly met with the invention of the high-pressure steam guns 
and six-barrel machine guns. From then on, the knights had to 
gradually step down. 


“Mr. Gawain met the same fate. More than twenty years ago, the 


Awwa Knights’ Order of Chivalry faced the most advanced 
weaponry of the Intis Republic army... Sigh, every time I recall 
this, it seems like I'm touching the dust heaps of history. The 
poet in me stirs when thinking of this irreversible and fated 
destiny, but alas, I do not know how to compose the poem.” 


...Then what’s the point in saying so much? Klein acted oblivious 
to Leonard’s self-deprecation and gave a serious suggestion, “My 
university schoolmate once told me that the composing of 
poems requires a certain degree of talent. It’s best you start by 
reading the Classical Poems Anthology of the Loen Kingdom.” 


Leonard’s mood changed on a whim. He replied with a light- 
hearted tone, “I purchased that book a long time ago, as well as 
other titles, such as the Selected Poems of Roselle. I will work 
hard to become a true Midnight Poet, Mr. Seer” 


Is he hinting at the... acting method? Klein replied, as though he 
couldn’t understand him, “You would still need books on 
grammar.” 


“Alright, let’s enter.” Leonard extended his hand and pushed 
open the half-closed metallic gates. The two of them then 
followed the path towards the house. 


They were still a distance away from the house when Klein saw 
a tall man walking out from behind the main door. 


He had short blond hair, his brows already laced with white 
hairs. His facial features looked like they had been ravaged 
through age, his wrinkles were etched deep across his face. 


“What are you doing here?” the aged man asked in a deep voice. 


“Mr. Gawain, as per your contract with the police department, 
this probationary inspector will be learning the art of combat 
under your guidance,” Leonard explained with a smile. 


“Combat? There’s no need to study combat in this era.” Gawain 
looked at Klein with turbid eyes and said in a dead voice, “You 
should learn how to draw your gun and shoot. You should 
master the most advanced weaponry.” 


Was this the psychological trauma caused by the six-barrel 
machine guns and high-pressure steam guns? Klein didn’t give a 
reckless reply; instead, he smiled and looked at Leonard. 


“The art of combat is still a skill a policeman has to master. Most 
of the criminals we face are not those who must be executed on 
the spot. Some might not even have weapons. In that case, we 
have to rely on combat techniques,” Leonard said, obviously 
prepared for the situation. 


With a dark expression, Gawain fell silent for more than ten 
seconds before saying, “Throw a punch.” 


He was speaking to Klein. 


Klein, who was not holding his cane, remembered the boxing 
matches he had seen in his previous life. He raised his arm and 
threw it forward. 


Gawain’s lips twitched indiscernibly. He thought for a moment 
and said, “Kick.” 


Tilting to the side slightly and twisting his hips, Klein tightened 
his thigh muscles and kicked forward with his right foot. 


Cough... Gawain covered his mouth and cleared his throat. He 
looked at Leonard and said, “I will honor my contract. But based 
on his foundation, he needs to come here four times a week, 
three hours each time, for the first month.” 


“you're the combat expert. It’s up to you.” Leonard nodded 
without hesitation. He smiled and said to Klein, “See you at 
dinner.” 


After Leonard walked out the metallic gates, Klein asked out of 
curiosity, “Instructor, how should I begin practicing? Punching, 
or footwork?” 


As a qualified keyboard warrior, he understood the importance 
of footwork in combat. 


Gawain stood akimbo as he shook his head lethargically. 


“What you need now is strength training. 


“See those? Those are two dumbbells made of steel. They shall be 
your partners for today. 


“Other than that, you also have to practice deep squats, running, 
and rope-skipping. Let us take those one set at a time.” 


While Klein was still in a daze, Gawain suddenly raised his voice 
and said sternly, “Understood?” 


“Understood!” At this moment, Klein felt as though he had 
returned to military training and was facing an inhumane 
instructor. 


“Change out of your clothes. There’s a set of knight’s training 
clothes on the sofa.” Gawain suddenly sighed. He turned around 
and walked toward the black steel dumbbells. 


Six in the evening, at a corner table of the Old Will Restaurant. 


Other than Frye, who was guarding Chanis Gate, all the 
members of the Blackthorn Security Company were present. 
There were six Nighthawks and five civilian staff. 


A white tablecloth was draped over the long table. Waiters 
carried over plates of food, portioned them before serving them 
to each individual guest. 


Klein saw steaks drenched in black pepper sauce. He saw bacon, 
sausages paired with mashed potatoes, egg puddings, asparagus, 
and specialty cheeses. He even saw rose-colored champagne. 
However, he had no appetite. The training in the afternoon had 
nearly made him vomit. 


Noticing the pale, newly-inducted Nighthawk with turbid eyes, 
Dunn raised the glass of red wine in front of him and laughed. 


“Let us welcome our newest official member, Klein Moretti, 
cheers!” 


The cold and introverted black-haired lady, Royale Reideen, the 
Sleepless Kenley White, the sloppy Leonard Mitchell, as well as 
the white-haired, black-eyed Midnight Poet Seeka Tron all raised 
their cups and looked at the new member of their team. 


Klein fought back the discomfort of the training and raised his 
glass of amber champagne. He stood and said, “Thank you.” 


He clinked glasses with every Nighthawk, tilted his head back, 
and finished the small amount of champagne. 


“Is our Miss Author not going to say something on this 
occasion?” Dunn smiled as he looked at Seeka Tron. 


Seeka Tron was a lady in her thirties. She had average looks, but 
had an exceptional demeanor, one that was quiet and serene. 
Coupled with her few strands of graying hair, it added a unique 
charm to her. 


Klein had heard Old Neil mention that this Midnight Poet had 
taken on a side job as an author and had attempted to submit 
her works to newspapers and magazines. Unfortunately, only a 
few smaller newspapers had accepted them. 


Seeka smiled and looked at Dunn. 


“In order to make the term ‘Miss Author into a reality, Captain, I 
think you should give me some funds to self-publish my work.” 


Dunn laughed. 


“you should learn from Old Neil and give me a more suitable 
reason.” 


“lm most impressed with Mr. Neil in this department!” Rozanne 
echoed in-between her mouthfuls of roast mutton. 


Amidst the chatter and laughter, Leonard looked at Klein and 
said with a chuckle, “Are you so tired that you have no appetite 
to eat?” 


“Yeah.” Klein sighed. 


“If you haven’t touched your food yet, I can be of assistance.” 
Leonard acted as though he didn’t want to waste any food. 


Klein didn’t mind. He nodded and said, “That wouldn’t be an 
issue.” 


And with that, a good portion of the food in front of him was 
eaten by Leonard and the rest. 


Nearing the end of the dinner, the waiters served plates of beef 
pudding and ice-cream. 


Klein tasted ice-cream and found it cold and sweet. It was 
particularly appetizing. 


Before he realized it, he had finished the ice-cream drizzled with 
a blueberry sauce. 


And as a result of this, he started to feel the hunger pangs. It was 
a hunger which demanded recharging food that came after 
intense exertion. 


Swallowing his saliva, Klein looked to the front, only to see that 
all the plates were empty. There were no leftovers. 


“Let’s end the dinner here, and give Klein a final toast,” Dunn 
suggested. 


Before finishing his sentence, Klein asked, “Captain, may I order 
another plate of food?” 


The group fell silent after hearing such a request, only to break 
out into chuckles moments later. 


“Haha, you've finally recovered. No problem, order two plates if 
you want to.” Dunn shook his head and laughed. 


While patiently waiting an unbearable amount of time, Klein 
heard his stomach growling. 


Finally, a freshly prepared black pepper steak was served before 
him. 


His fork and knife danced as Klein finished the medium-done 
steak in ninety seconds, tears nearly falling from his eyes. The 
meat juices and the fragrance of the sauce lingered in his 
mouth. 


Sometime later, Klein let out a satisfied sigh as he looked at his 
empty plate. He put down his knife and fork and took a sip of his 
champagne. 


“Waiter, the bill please.” Dunn turned around and called for the 
waiter. 


The waiter went to the counter, then returned with the check. He 
gave a thorough breakdown, 


“you opened five bottles of Desi Champagne, each bottle being 
twelve soli and three pence, a small glass of Southville Red Wine 
for ten pence... Each black pepper beef steak was one soli two 
pence... Each serving of beef pudding was six pence, the servings 
of ice cream was one soli each... The total would be five pounds, 
nine soli, and six pence.” 


Five pounds, nine soli, and six pence? That’s nearly my weekly 
salary! A restaurant is indeed much more expensive than eating at 
home! Klein clicked his tongue upon hearing that. He felt lucky 
that the Captain had said that he didn’t need to pay out of his 
own pocket. They had some petty cash from bonus earnings! 


He calculated the cost carefully and noticed that the most 
expensive portion of the meal was the alcohol. Five bottles of 
champagne had cost more than three pounds! 


This is no different from Earth... Klein secretly rubbed his 
stomach and forced down the last of his champagne. 


The next morning, Klein felt bloated. He tried to get off the bed in 
his sleepy stupor. 


Just as he exerted strength, he was instantly awakened by his 
aching muscles. He felt as though his body wasn’t under his 
control. 


“What a familiar feeling... It’s the same as that day after we got 
punished with frog jumps. Today is a rest day, but I still have to 
pay a visit to my mentor and see if I can borrow the monograph 
on the Hornacis main peak from the library at the University...” 
Klein’s lips twitched as he made his way outside with some 
effort. 


He wanted to draw a gasp with every step. 


“Klein, what happened to you?” Melissa, who had just come out 
of the bathroom, sized up her brother suspiciously for his odd 
posture and slow movement. 


Chapter $8: Mr. Azik 


Faced with his sister’s question, all Klein could do was reply with 
a regretful smile, “Sore muscles.” 


He originally believed that by consuming the Sequence potion, 
his constitution would be enhanced as a Beyonder, but the harsh 
reality told him that a Seer’s stats points were all allocated to his 
Spirituality, mind, intuition, and interpretation. It didn’t aid him 
in adjusting to combat training quickly. 


As for the original Klein, he had focused on his studies early on 
and had suffered from malnutrition. That led him to possess a 
below-average physical condition. The fact that he was having 
‘after effects’ from working out was to be expected. 


“Sore muscles? I remember you returning after dinner last night 
and you didn’t do anything else... Does alcohol cause sore 
muscles?” Melissa inquired with an inquisitive look. 


Does alcohol cause sore muscles... Sis, that question... can’t help 
but make me have inappropriate thoughts... Klein laughed dryly 
and said, “No, this has nothing to do with alcohol. It was from 
yesterday afternoon. I joined the company’s combat training.” 


“Combat?” Melissa was even more astonished. 


Klein organized his thoughts and said, “Well, this is what 
happened. I considered it and believe that as a historical and 
relic consultant of a security company, it’s impossible for me to 
stay in the office or port warehouse forever. Perhaps there will 
come a day when I have to accompany them to the villages or an 
ancient castle, to the site of some relic. That might require me to 


hike, to cross rivers, and to walk a lot. Pll have to endure all sorts 
of tests posed by nature, so I have to possess a sufficiently 
healthy body.” 


“So you joined combat training to enhance your stamina?” 
Melissa seemed to understand her brother’s intention. 


“That’s right,” Klein answered with great affirmation. 


Melissa said with a frown, “But that isn’t gentlemanly... Don’t 
you always keep yourself to the standards of a professor? A 
professor only requires the ability to read historical documents, 
ponder over difficult questions, and maintain a polite and 
gentlemanly demeanor. 


“Of course, 'm not saying that those aren't all good things. I 
prefer men who can solve problems on their own, regardless of 
whether that solution requires brawn or brain.” 


Melissa smiled. 


Klein smiled and said, “No, no, no, Melissa. Your definition of a 
professor contains a misconception. A true professor can 
communicate with people gently and politely, but he can also 
educate the other person using the principles of physics by 
raising a cane to convince someone when there is an obstacle in 
communication.” 


“Principles of physics...” Melissa was momentarily at a loss, but 
she quickly understood what her brother was saying. She was 
suddenly unable to retort him. 


Klein didn’t say anything more but widened his pace with great 


difficulty as he headed for the bathroom. 


Melissa stood there and looked for a few seconds. She suddenly 
shook her head and caught up to Klein. 


“Do you need my help?” 


She posed as if she was supporting someone. 


“No, there’s no need to. I was hamming it up a bit earlier.” Klein 
felt humiliated. He suddenly stood straight and walked 
normally. 


Watching her brother walk steadily to the washroom and close 
the door, Melissa pursed her lips and muttered, “Klein is getting 
more and more pretentious... I even believed that his muscle 
soreness was really that serious...” 


In the bathroom, Klein stood behind the tightly shut door, his 
face suddenly contorting in pain. 


Ouch, ouch, ouch... He held his breath, tensed his body, and 
stood there for a good seven or eight seconds. 


When he finally went downstairs with great effort, had 
breakfast, and saw Benson and Melissa off, his soreness finally 
began to ease. 


After resting for a little while, Klein took his cane, donned his 
top hat, and left the house, strolling towards the public carriage 
stop. 


During the summer, Khoy University had trees with shade- 
providing foliage, flourishing with birds and luxuriant flowers. It 
was peaceful and calm. 


Walking along the river, Klein took a turn towards the history 
department. Then, he found the three-story building which 
showed its age and located his mentor’s, Cohen Quentin’s, office. 


He knocked and entered the room, but he was shocked to see 
that the man sitting at his mentor’s seat was the academic, Azik. 


“Good morning, Mr. Azik, Where’s my mentor? We made an 
appointment by letter to meet here at ten,” Klein asked, puzzled. 


Azik, who was Cohen Quentin’s best friend and often debated 
with his mentor regarding academic topics, smiled and said, 
“Cohen had a last minute meeting and went to Tingen 
University. He asked me to wait for you here.” 


He had bronze skin, an average height and build, black hair, 
brown eyes, and gentle facial features. Being in his presence 
brought on an indescribable feeling, as though you could see in 
the man’s eyes that he had been through the vicissitudes of life. 
Under his right ear was a tiny mole that one wouldn’t notice 
unless closely examined. 


Having said the reason, Azik suddenly frowned as he carefully 
observed Klein. 


Feeling confused by the sudden scrutiny, Klein looked at his 
attire. “Have I committed some breach of etiquette?” 


Tuxedo, black vest, white shirt, black bow tie, dark colored 
trousers, leather boots with no buttons... Everything seems 
normal... 


Azik’s brows eased and he chuckled softly. 


“Don’t mind me. I suddenly noticed that you are way more 
energetic than before. You look even more like a gentleman 
now.” 


“Thank you for your compliment.” Klein accepted it calmly and 
asked, “Mr. Azik, did my mentor manage to find the book 
‘Research of the Hornacis Main Peak’s Relics’ in the school 
library?” 


“He found it with my assistance,” Azik said, smiling gently. He 
then pulled open the drawer and took out a gray-covered book. 
“you are no longer a Khoy University student anymore. You can 
read it here, but you cannot take it home.” 


“Alright.” Klein delightfully took the academic monograph, and 
with a hint of fear. 


The book’s design was fully in-line with the current trends; it 
used hard paper as a hardcover and it was printed with an 
image like an abstract version of the main peak of Hornacis 
mountain range. 


Klein took a glance and found a seat. He flipped open the book 
and started reading carefully, line by line. 


As he became engrossed in the book, he suddenly realized that 
there was a cup of rich and fragrant coffee by his side. 


“Help yourself to the sugar and milk.” Azik put down the silver 
saucer and pointed at the milk jar and sugar container. 


“Thank you.” Klein nodded with gratitude. 


He added three cubes of sugar and a teaspoon of milk before 
continuing to read his book. 


The book, Research of the Hornacis Main Peak’s Relics, was not a 
very thick book. Klein finished reading it when it was almost 
noon. He took note of a few noteworthy points. 


First, the settlement on the main peak of Hornacis Mountain and 
its surrounding area was obviously an advanced civilization, 
which existed as part of an ancient nation. 


Second, from their wall murals, their perspective on life appears 
similar to that of humans. I can assume for now that they were 
human. 


Third, they revered yet feared the darkness of the night. Hence, 
they called their god the Ruler of the Evernight, Mother of the Sky. 


Fourth, the weirdest part is that researchers haven’t found any 
graves in the entire area, which initially seems to indicate that the 
people didn’t need to be buried, because they didn’t die. However, 
that would be contradictory to the contents of the wall murals. In 
the wall murals, the people in the nation believed that death is not 
the end. They believed that their deceased family would protect 
them in the night. Hence, they would keep their deceased family 
members at home, on the bed, by their side, for a full three days. 


There is nothing beyond that for the wall murals as it doesn’t 


involve burials. 


Klein took another sip of coffee and continued to write down his 
‘afterthoughts’ in his notebook. 


Mother of the Sky, Skymother is such a grand title, while the Ruler 
of the Evernight obviously overlaps with the Evernight Goddess... Is 
this a contradiction at its roots? 


In the ancient remains on the main peak of the Hornacis 
mountain range and its surrounding area, every arrangement 
and decoration was well-preserved. Even the wall murals didn’t 
have any signs of damage. Before it was discovered, there seemed 
to be no disturbance at all... The table was arranged with cutlery, 
and there were dried stains of rot on the dining plates... In some 
rooms, there were half-filled bottles of alcohol that had almost 
turned into plain water... 


What happened to the nation’s people? They seemed to have left 
their homes in a hurry, without taking anything with them, and 
they never returned. 


Considering how there are no burial grounds, this only makes it 
weirder. 


The author, Mr. Joseph, also mentioned that when he first 
discovered the remains, he even had the belief that the people 
residing there had just vanished all of a sudden. 


Klein stopped writing and cast his gaze at an illustration. 


On John Joseph’s third visit to the main peak of the Hornacis 
mountain range, he had used a new camera model to shoot a 


monochrome photograph. 


In the photo, the lofty palace had a collapsed wall and was 
overgrown with weeds. It followed a grandeur style for its 
design. 


When he flipped to the photograph, Klein’s first thought was that 
of the palace he had seen in his dream. 


The two styles were identical. The only difference was that the 
one he had dreamed of was on a peak and it was way more 
magnificent. It also had a huge chair—a seat of honor—that 
looked like it didn’t seat a human. Countless translucent 
maggots clustered together and squirmed slowly beneath the 
chair. 


I can confirm that my dream is related to the ancient remains on 
the main peak of the Hornacis mountain range... That should be 
the Nation of the Evernight which was referenced in the Antigonus 
family’s notebook... Klein nodded slightly and closed the book. 


At that moment, Azik, who was sitting opposite him touched the 
inconspicuous mole under his right ear and said, “How was it? 
Found anything?” 


“Quite a bit. Take a look, I’ve written so many pages of notes.” 
Klein pointed at the table and smiled. 


“I don’t understand why you're suddenly so interested in this 
matter.” Azik sighed and said, “Klein, when I was studying at the 
Backlund University, I had dabbled with some divination and did 
quite a bit of research on that. Well, I discovered that there is 
disharmony... in your fate.” 


What? Divination? Are you talking to me about divination? As a 
Seer, Klein looked at Azik the academic in amusement. 


“How is it disharmonious?” 


Azik thought for a moment. 


“Have you encountered many strange coincidences in the past 
two months?” 


“Coincidences?” As he was indebted to Mr. Azik, Klein didn’t 
dispute his question as he subconsciously began thinking. 


If we are talking about coincidences, the most obvious matter was 
when we were after kidnappers. We actually managed to find clues 
of the Antigonus family’s notebook that was lost for days in the 
room opposite the kidnappers. 


Also, Ray Bieber didn’t flee from Tingen in a hurry; instead, he 
found a place to digest the power bestowed by the notebook, 
allowing for Sealed Artifact 2-049 to track him down easily. That 
seemed to be against common sense. Although Aiur Harson gave a 
reasonable explanation, I always had a nagging feeling that it was 
somewhat coincidental... 


Oh, Selena had stolen a glance at Hanass Vincent’s secret 
incantations, but she held back till her birthday dinner banquet to 
try it out, and I happened to discover it, which is quite a 
coincidence too. Otherwise, Hanass Vincent wouldn’t have been the 
only one to die so suddenly... 


Klein thought about it seriously for a few minutes and said, 
“There are three. Neither too many, nor too frequent. 


Furthermore, there was nothing that indicated someone's 
involvement and guidance.” 


Azik nodded slightly. 


“AS Emperor Roselle once said, a single coincidence is 
encountered by anyone. Twice is still normal. Thrice is when one 
should consider what internal factors are influencing those 
coincidences.” 


“Can you tell me anything else?” Klein probed. 


Azik laughed and shook his head. 


“I can only tell that there’s some disharmony, but nothing else. 
You have to understand that I’m not a real seer.” 


Isn’t that basically equal to saying nothing... Mr. Azik is quite 
odd... He’s playing a charlatan in front of a charlatan like me... 
Klein let out a breath, seizing the moment when Azik stood up, 
he pinched his glabella and activated his Spirit Vision. 


When he looked over, Azik’s aura fully appeared before his eyes 
and everything seemed fairly normal. 


Unfortunately, I can only see the Ether Body and Astral Projection 
of a person above the gray fog... Klein thought carefreely as he 
tapped his glabella again whilst standing up. 


Chapter 99: Red Chimney 


Late in the afternoon, Klein returned home and drew the 
curtains, allowing his room to slip into darkness. 


He took out his pen and paper and thought for a long time, 
finally writing down a sentence: “The kidnapping of Elliott was 
due to Beyonder elements.” 


As a Seer, Klein had tried to divine if those coincidences were a 
consequence of unnatural developments, but the results showed 
otherwise. 


This time, he was influenced by Azik to look into these events 
again. He also drew lessons from the suited clown. He seriously 
designed an appropriate divination statement, eliminating any 
descriptions that might be vague or cause confusion. 


“yes, I should break down the three coincidences and divine 
them separately...” Klein nodded in thought as he slowly 
removed the topaz from his wrist. 


He held the spirit pendulum with his left hand and allowed it to 
hang close over the divination statement on the paper. 


He collected himself and entered a state of Cogitation. With his 
eyes closed, Klein started chanting repeatedly, “The kidnapping 
of Elliott was due to Beyonder elements.” 


As he recited the statement over and over again, Klein opened 
his eyes and looked at the pendulum, only to see the topaz 
turning counterclockwise slowly. 


“It’s still a negative...” Klein muttered to himself. He designed 
several other divination statements, but the results persisted— 
there was nothing strange about that incident. 


He then separately divined the “event of Ray Bieber’s stay in 
Tingen” and “Selena’s magic mirror divination incident,” but the 
answers for both events were normal. 


Heh, was I, a real Seer, frightened by the charlatan Mr. Azik? 
Besides, Captain and the others didn’t feel that anything was off... 
Klein laughed and shook his head. But he remained cautious. He 
planned on using the dream divination technique to get a final 
confirmation. 


After some thought, he changed the divination statement to fit 
the change in method. 


“The true reason for Elliott’s kidnapping.” As he scribbled with 
the fountain pen, Klein paused and pondered over his words. 


After reading it over and over again, he tore the slip of paper and 
walked toward his bed. He relaxed and laid down. 


With the divination statement in hand, Klein quickly fell asleep 
with the help of Cogitation. 


He found himself in a contorted, broken world. Regaining his 
senses, he began swimming through the blur. 


Gradually, he saw the few kidnappers. He saw them lose their 
final chip at a gambling table, saw them obtain guns from 
underground sources, and saw them survey the area. They even 
rented the apartment across Ray Bieber’s apartment as their 
hideout... 


These didn’t form a continuous scene, instead, they were 
presented in the form of flashing pictures. Klein couldn’t find 
anything that was abnormal. 


Furthermore, it had also aligned with the statements given by 
the kidnappers. 


After exiting the dream, Klein separately divined the other two 
incidents but had the same result. Their developments followed 
logic. The coincidences were really coincidences. 


“I was indeed overthinking things. Mr. Azik is merely a 
divination enthusiast...” Klein stabilized his pendulum and 
shook his head with a bitter smile. 


He was about to draw the curtains and allow sunlight into the 
room when he froze. 


“From the original Klein’s impression of Mr. Azik, he is a 
dependable and trustworthy person. He had never once said 
anything baseless. Even if he was always quarreling with 
Mentor, it was limited to academic topics, and each of them had 
their reasons... If he was truly a mere divination enthusiast, he 
wouldn’t have interacted with me like that... And the memories 
of original Klein has nothing about him liking divination... Of 
course, this could be due to the loss of a corresponding 
memories...” Klein frowned and couldn’t ease his worries. He 
needed a way to confirm this. 


He suspected that Mr. Azik had unwittingly come across some 
insider information and was trying to remind him by using 
divination as an excuse. 


“How should I confirm this?” Klein paced back and forth across 
the dark room, trying to recall the other divination techniques 
he knew. 


One step, two steps, three steps. He suddenly halted as an idea 
came to him. 


“Let’s assume that these coincidences are dubious. I’m unable to 
divine a result either because my Sequence isn’t high enough or 
I'm being affected by outside interference, but I can change my 
environment! I can change my environment to someplace that is 
even more mysterious and even harder to understand.” Klein felt 
pumped. He pulled open his drawer and took out a silver dagger. 


He concentrated and allowed his spirituality to flow out from the 
tip of the dagger, becoming one with his surroundings. 


With each step he took, the wall of spirituality sealed off the 
entire room. 


Klein planned on doing the divination above the gray fog, to do 
the divination in that mysterious world! 


In the magnificent ancient divine hall above the endless gray 
fog. 


Klein sat at the seat of honor on one end of the bronze table. 
Before him was a piece of goatskin he willed into existence. 


He lifted a pen and tried writing the divination statement as he 
had previously. 


“The kidnapping of Elliott was due to Beyonder elements.” 


He held the spirit pendulum and hung it low. Klein quickly 
composed himself as he turned silent and ethereal. 


Half-closing his eyes, he recited the statement seven times, 
using his spirituality to interact with the spiritual world that 
stood above all. 


Feeling the tug of the silver chain, Klein opened his eyes to look 
at the pendulum. 


The sight made him freeze immediately. 


The pendulum was spinning clockwise! 


This meant that there was a Beyonder element behind Elliott’s 
kidnapping! 


This was completely different from the result he had gotten in 
the outside world! 


There were no traces of any interference... Such power or means is 
terrifying... What’s the motive of the person behind this? Is my 
fate intertwined with the Antigonus family’s diary? Klein was 


immensely shocked. He lost his calm and the rotation of the 
pendulum slipped into chaos. 


He put down the topaz and rubbed his glabella. His expression 
was abnormally grave. 


After contemplating for a few seconds, he didn’t attempt to 
divine the other two events. Instead, he wrote a new divination 
statement: “The true reason for Elliott’s kidnapping.” 


He held the paper in his hand and recited the statement seven 
times. Klein leaned back and fell into sleep above the fog. 


Soon, he saw a boundless, illusory grayish-white fog. 


The fog dissipated slowly, revealing a colorful lawn filled with 
flowers. 


The space behind the flowers and the plains was folding into 
itself, like a monster that had come alive. 


Klein tried his best to look forward, barely making out an image 
of a dark red chimney. 


At this point, the scene before him shattered, putting an end to 
his dream. 


Klein abruptly straightened his back in the majestic divine hall. 
His heart was beating wildly without reason. 


Phew... It felt like I had just spied on a terrifying thing... He took 


in two deep breaths to stabilize his chaotic emotions. 


Tap. Tap. Tap. Klein tapped on the side of the table sometime 
later and slipped into deep thought. 


Red chimney... garden... lawn... How is this related to the person 
behind all of this? I cannot determine his motive from the 
coincidences, nor can I conclude that there is any evil intent... 


In the midst of this thinking, Klein felt alarmed, for himself, 
Captain, Frye, and the others. 


We are like puppets dancing on a string. What’s even scarier is 
that we thought so highly of ourselves... 


Sigh... I don’t know how to raise this matter to Captain. Old Neil’s 
divination produced the same results as mine in the outside 
world... If they asked me to confirm it in front of them, I have no 
way of doing that... Klein rubbed his temples as if he had a 
headache. 


After nearly twenty seconds of calm, he began divining the 
“event of Ray Bieber’s stay in Tingen.” Similarly, he first used 
spirit dowsing. 


This time, Klein was shocked to see his topaz hang motionless. It 
was neither a confirmation or rejection of the statement. 


“Strange...” he muttered. He started to guess the reasons for this 
phenomenon, “The person behind this has sensed my 
divinations and engaged in countermeasures?” 


Following this, he tried the dream divination technique, but all 
he saw were fragmented pieces of fog. He no longer made any 
new discoveries. 


The results of “Selena’s magic mirror divination incident” were 
the same. 


Klein could almost confirm his conjecture at this point. Since he 
had no way of notifying Captain Dunn Smith for the time being, 
he had an unprecedented motivation to improve his abilities. 


“I must head to the Divination Club later and quickly succeed in 
my ‘acting’ to digest the Seer potion... Also, I have to confirm 
whether the Clown potion is indeed the subsequent Sequence of 
Seer, as well as gather clues about it... In addition, I have to 
interact more with Mr. Azik and see if I can dig up whatever 
inside information he holds...” Klein held his forehead with his 
right palm and quickly drew up a plan, and determined his focal 
point. 


After some thought, a goatskin appeared in front of him again. 
He picked up his pen and wrote: 


“The corresponding Sequence 8 of Sequence 9 Seer is Clown.” 


From his prior experience, the present Klein was completely 
convinced that his divination abilities were augmented and 
enhanced above the gray fog. 


“Just like how raids are usually successful... is this the result of 
having good luck?” he muttered and picked up his spirit 
pendulum. 


Sometime later, Klein received a definitive answer: 


The corresponding Sequence 8 of Sequence 9 Seer was Clown! 


He then wrote on the paper once again. 


“The corresponding Sequences 8, 7, 6, and 5 of Seer would grant 
at least one brand new, unrelated power.” 


Klein exhaled as he tried spirit dowsing again. 


However, he saw the topaz hang motionlessly without any 
rotations. 


“There isn’t enough information to complete the divination and 
receive a revelation?” he muttered to himself while seemingly 
deep in thought. Then, he set down the silver chain and began 
considering the required statement for a dream divination. 


Nearly twenty seconds later, he picked up his fountain pen and 
wrote Seriously: “Clues to the Clown potion.” 


Chapter 100: Interpreting Symbols 


“Clues to the Clown potion.” 


On the seat of honor at the ancient bronze table, Klein repeated 
the divination statement a few times before leaning back and 
entering a deep sleep. 


His surroundings quickly became peaceful and quiet. He saw a 
hazy view, with countless distorted and blurry scenes flashing 
past, just like drops of morning dew on tender flower petals. 


Gradually, Klein grasped his spirituality and came to his senses. 


He saw a fireplace before him with a rocking chair in front of it. 
Sitting on it was an old woman dressed in black and white. 


Although he couldn’t see her face since she was hanging her 
head low, Klein’s gut feeling told him that she was an old lady. 
And he was pretty certain about it. 


The old lady was facing a desk directly. There were newspapers 
and tin cans inlaid with silver on the desk. 


“This is...” Klein found the scene before his eyes very familiar, 
and he quickly recognized what he saw. 


This was where Ray Bieber and his mother stayed! 


This was where he saw a bloated cadaver for the first time! 


“There are clues that point to the Clown potion here?” Just as 
Klein’s thoughts flashed past, the scene around him 
transformed. 


It was a grayish-white warehouse, hidden among identical 
buildings. 


There were white bones scattered all around, and a few balls of 
flesh that looked like they had been squashed by a boulder. 


In the middle of the warehouse was a grayish-white object that 
was the size of a fist. Its surface was filled with ditches and it 
looked soft but ductile. It looked like a brain that had been 
extracted out of a living being. 


Just as Klein recognized the scene and recalled something, the 
scene before him distorted like rippling water before 
transforming into another new blurry scene. 


A naked body was laid on a long table covered with a white cloth. 
There were some bluish, discolored patches on the corpse’s skin. 


Klein suddenly knitted his eyebrows and muttered, “It was first 
the images of Ray Bieber’s hiding place and his remains, and 
now, it’s related to the brand on the suited clown’s wrist?” 


Just as he attempted to speculate what the scenes meant, the 
scene suddenly changed again. 


A marble coffee table, a set of two leather couches, and a 
chandelier that hung high on the ceiling. 


There were three people—Klein Moretti, who had black hair, 
brown eyes, and a scholarly temperament; a wealthy man with 
a chubby body and pale skin; and a beautiful young lady with 
fishnet gloves. 


Following that, it was another three people and an object—a 
middle-aged man in a black robe who had thick spiky brown 
hair; a wealthy man with a chubby body and pale skin; a half- 
century-old elder with messy eyebrows, thin brown hair, and 
gray-blue eyes; and a black notebook on the round table in- 
between all of them, a notebook that exuded an ancient and 
distant air. 


The Antigonus family’s notebook! 


Klein suddenly sat up straight and the dream vanished. 


Looking outside the divine hall where there was boundless gray 
fog and crimson stars, he thought in both shock and confusion. 


I was divining for clues to the Clown potion... Why would the 
Antigonus family’s notebook show up? 


Let me think, let me think, that chubby guy was Welch. Yes, 
Welch, an unfortunate fella who bought the Antigonus family’s 
notebook and triggered a sequence of incidents... The beautiful 
young lady wearing fishnet gloves was Naya... 


I remember, the marble coffee table and leather couch 
combination is a hallmark of Welch’s place. I saw Spirit Medium 


Daly there. 


In other words, what I saw was Welch’s living room. It was a scene 
where the original Klein and his two classmates were discussing 
the notebook. 


Klein calmed himself down and tapped on the edge of the long 
bronze table rhythmically. 


Then, what does the last scene represent? The notebook appeared, 
Welch appeared. Could it be the scene where he bought the ancient 
item? 


There were another two people, and one of them looked very 
familiar. I feel like I’ve seen the middle-aged man in the classic 
black robe somewhere before... That spiky brown hair, severe dark 
eye circles... Yes, I know who is he now. Hanass Vincent from the 
Divination Club, the Hanass Vincent who ‘died peacefully’ after 
Captain snuck into his dream, having learned that Selena secretly 
obtained the secret incantation from him! 


No way, he was the one that sold the notebook to Welch? 


Everything appears to be coming full circle. The world sure is 
small, no—Tingen is really small! On careful thought, it really is a 
possibility that Hanass Vincent wasn’t an ordinary fortune-teller. 
He was obviously deep into mysticism and obtained the attention 
of an ancient evil god. He had the channels, ability, and 
opportunity to acquire the notebook that was accidentally released 
by the Secret Order... 


It?s no wonder Captain and company never figured out where 
Welch bought the notebook. Their investigative approach was 
entirely wrong. They had attempted to investigate via the antique 
market... But when the actual whereabouts of the notebook was 


found, they gave up on that lead. 


What a pity, Hanass Vincent just passed away not too long ago. 
Otherwise, we definitely could’ve found out something regarding 
the notebook... Since he was involved in mysticism, he should’ve 
researched the notebook... His death was way too coincidental! 


However, there was another person at the scene, a man in his 
fifties. He might know quite a bit of what happened. 


Klein stopped tapping his fingers on the edge of the table and 
looked through every scene of his dream divination once more. 


Ray Bieber’s house, Ray Bieber’s hideout spot, the remains of Ray 
Bieber, the brand on the suited clown’s wrist, Welch’s house; 
Welch, Naya, and original Klein’s exchange; Welch, Hanass 
Vincent, and the Antigonus family notebook’s ‘group photo’. Hehe, 
besides the brand on the suited clown, everything else is directly 
related to the Antigonus family’s notebook! 


But I had divined for clues to the Clown potion... This isn’t 
scientific, nor does it make mystical sense! 


After becoming a Seer, Klein once tried to divine where Welch 
had bought the Antigonus family’s notebook, but he never 
considered using the unique qualities that the area above the 
gray fog possessed. As such, he had failed to receive any 
revelations, but now, he had chanced upon the truth by divining 
something separate. 


After spending nearly twenty seconds to calm down, Klein 
summarized the context provided by Roselle’s diary and 
attempted to interpret his dream divination. 


The first possibility: Zaratul or should I say, the Secret Order, was 
searching and pursuing the relics of the Antigonus family. So, the 
symbolic meaning of the dream is to use matters related to the 
Antigonus family to lure the Secret Order into appearing, so as to 
obtain the Clown potion’s formula. 


The second possibility: the Clown potion’s formula is directly 
recorded in the Antigonus family’s notebook... The fact that the 
Zaratul family is seeking the relics of the Antigonus family implies 
that they share very deep connections. They could’ve been allies or 
enemies. Hence, it seems fairly natural that the Antigonus family 
possessed parts of their Sequence. Things would be obvious if they 
were allies, but enemies are the ones who would know each other 
the best... 


But the second explanation wouldn’t be able to link it to the brand 
on the suited clown. Sigh, I do wish that the second explanation 
were true though. When the Holy Cathedral finds an expert to 
interpret the notebook, I would be able to obtain the Clown potion 
without any risk. 


It seems that the first explanation is the most plausible. My gut 
feeling as a Seer tells me that there might be a deeper symbolic 
meaning. 


Having thought of this, Klein massaged his forehead and 
suddenly realized the limitations of a Seer. 


Unless it was a very simple and straightforward sign, a Seer had 
to be extremely careful when making interpretations. It was just 
like walking on the edge of the abyss or walking on a thin layer 
of ice over a lake’s surface. The suited clown’s outcome was an 
actual and bloody example of what a single mistake in 
interpretation or failure to grasp a key point could result in! 


In that instant, Klein had an illusion of himself mastering the 


true essence of a Seer. He seemed to be just one step away from 
digesting the potion completely. 


“Thank you for enlightening me with your life... Praise the Lady!” 
he muttered and drew a crimson moon before his chest. 


Then he divined whether Azik had good intentions or if he was 
an amazing Beyonder. He received confirmations for both of 
them. 


Eventually, the continuous divinations exhausted Klein. He had 
no choice but to stop churning through his thoughts and decide 
on the crucial matters that he needed to attend to. 


I have to find the man that appeared in the same scene with 
Welch, Hanass Vincent, and the Antigonus family’s notebook as 
soon as possible! 


I can begin my search with the Divination Club. 


I can’t just confront Mr. Azik. Yes, he might be a Mid-Sequence 
Beyonder of the Life School of Thought, but there’s a lack of 
information, making it impossible for me to divine... 


Phew. Klein let out a breath and conjured the portrait of the half- 
century-old elder with messy eyebrows, thin brown hair, and 
gray-blue eyes on the goatskin that appeared before him. 


This was the third person present when the Antigonus family’s 
notebook was traded between Welch and Hanass Vincent! 


Looking at the portrait, Klein suddenly fell into a dilemma. 


I can’t draw. During art class in primary school, I was always the 
one receiving the greatest criticism from the teachers. 


Should I use ritualistic magic like Old Neil? This was done by 
praying to the Goddess... If I were to use the uniqueness of the area 
above the gray fog... I would be in trouble if the divinities noticed 
something amiss! 


Hold on a second, perhaps I can pray to muself! Transmitting 
images and transmitting voices are similar... Although I’m 
temporarily unable to access the mysterious power above the gray 
fog, accomplishing such a minor matter shouldn't be a problem! 


Having thought of this, Klein immediately emanated his 
spirituality to envelop himself to simulate the feeling of falling. 


Back in his bedroom, he lit the gas lamp and ‘prayed.’ 


“The Fool that doesn’t belong to this era; 


“you are the mysterious ruler above the gray fog; 


“you are the King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck; 


“I pray for your revelation and pray that you allow me to draw 
what I’ve seen.” 


After reciting the incantation, Klein didn’t splash essential oils or 
burn any herbs to gain the help of their powers. 


It was just that informal when praying to oneself! 


There were suddenly murmurs in his ears as he saw the four 
black dots that formed a square surface on the back of his hand. 


He walked four steps counterclockwise and recited the 
incantation before penetrating the maniacal chaos to return to 
the area above the gray fog. 


This time he didn’t see any of the crimson stars shrinking or 
expanding. But behind the seat of honor at the long bronze table, 
the strange symbol formed by a partial Pupil-less Eye and partial 
Contorted Lines shimmered weakly as it produced illusory 
prayers. 


Klein held his ear to it and listened. After making sure that there 
were no mistakes, he conjured the portrait of the ‘third person’, 
and cast it towards the flowing light in accordance to the 
prayer’s format. 


After everything was done, he immediately left the mysterious 
world above the gray fog and returned to his bedroom. 


Just as he found his footing, a portrait surfaced immediately in 
front of Klein’s eyes. Furthermore, he sensed a weak and illusory 
power augmenting him. 


He picked up a fountain pen and found a piece of white paper 
and expressed his intent. 


Klein was surprised to find his right hand moving 
uncontrollably as it quickly drew lines. 


Before long, he saw a lifelike portrait of the ‘third person’. 


After writing down the hair and eye colors, as well as other 


unique characteristics, Klein heaved a sigh of relief despite the 
spasms of his right hand. 


The illusion before his eyes rapidly dissipated. 


Chapter 101: Unexpected Clue 


Howes Street, Divination Club. 


Klein pressed down on his half top hat and walked along the 
stairway towards the main door. 


He wasn’t dressed in his usual formal wear. Today, he was 
wearing a white shirt and a light-colored vest, paired with a thin 
black trench coat, making him look more spirited than he had 
before. 


This set of clothing was more suitable for combat and had only 
cost him one pound, including the fee for the small pocket that 
he had sewn into the vest. Compared to the suit he had 
purchased, it was so cheap that it brought tears to his eyes. 


He stroked the revolver in his holster, as well as the metal 
bottles in his tiny inner pocket. Klein then took out the portrait 
and entered the Divination Club. 


Without any surprise, he met the beautiful attendant, Angelica. 


“Good afternoon, Mr. Moretti. I thought you would come only a 
few days later.” Angelica was taken aback at first before she 
immediately revealed a brilliant smile. 


Klein took off his hat and sighed. 


“Good afternoon, Miss Angelica. I had a dream at noon. I 
dreamed about Mr. Hanass Vincent and matters regarding him. 


You know that, as a fortune-teller, I absolutely cannot overlook 
any dream. It could be a revelation from the divine.” 


Confused by his charlatan-like words, Angelica nodded in 
thought and asked out of curiosity, “What did you dream of?” 


“I saw Hanass Vincent arguing with someone.” Klein passed her 
the folded piece of paper in his hand. 


As Angelica unfolded the portrait, he pinched his glabella and 
observed the color of her emotions. 


” 


“This person...” Angelica looked at the realistic portrait and 
slipped into deep thought. 


Klein saw her emotions turn into a ‘thinking blue’, a normal 
reaction. 


“This person...” Angelica muttered once again. She slowly looked 
up and said, “I’ve met him before.” 


Klein’s mind whirled as he immediately asked, “When was it?” 


“I can’t remember the exact date. Maybe a month ago? Isaw him 
send Mr. Vincent to the door and they were softly discussing 
something. I have a deep impression of him because of his thick 
and messy eyebrows, as well as Mr. Vincent’s rare smile,” 
Angelica described as she recalled. “Yes, he had a pair of grayish- 
blue eyes and, like most men his age, had little hair on his 
head.” 


“Did you meet him again before or after that?” asked Klein 


gently. 


Angelica shook her head. 


“No, I am certain of that. I don’t even know his name. To be 
honest, if it wasn’t you, I would have suspected that any person 
showing me a portrait like this is a policeman investigating Mr. 
Vincent’s death. Heh, I don’t find it odd no matter what 
revelation you receive, for you are a true Seer.” 


My apologies, I am a policeman... Klein retorted silently as he 
sighed and said, “A true Seer would understand how minuscule 
he truly is compared to the vastness of fate. We can only see a 
hazy corner, forever receiving revelations, but never answers. 
We must reflect upon them constantly and keep up our respect 
and fear. We must decipher these hints with caution and not see 
ourselves as the intelligent ones who have taken control of fate.” 


By summarizing what he had figured out over the past few 
weeks, Klein suddenly realized that his Spirit Vision turned 
clearer. He could even faintly make out the details within 
Angelica’s aura. 


At that instant, he felt like a shortsighted man who was wearing 
glasses that suited him. 


This... has my Seer potion begun to produce clear signs of 
digestion? Klein was stunned in disbelief. 


“I never imagined that a Seer like you can still maintain such 
fear and respect towards fate. It’s truly admirable,” said Angelica 
earnestly. 


She had seen too many people in the Divination Club who 
claimed to see through the truth and change fate after learning a 
few divination methods. 


Klein retracted his gaze and chuckled. 


“The more you know, the better you can understand how small 
we truly are.” 


As he was saying this, he checked his body’s condition and 
reflected on his past experiences. He could basically narrow the 
essence of the ‘acting’ technique to ‘actions corresponding to the 
name of the potion, understanding the hidden laws governing 
the role, as well as strictly abiding by these laws’. 


Only by doing so could he change the state of his body, heart, 
and soul, making them closer to the remnant psyche in the 
potion, so as to gradually digest it. 


The acknowledgment of a Seer’s identity was only a factor on the 
surface. The reason why it made one’s spirituality feel light had 
to do with how the feedback strengthened one’s affirmation of 
particular divination actions. And these actions collectively 
formed the rules for digesting the Seer potion. 


To help others interpret revelations and guide them in a better 
direction; yet constantly maintain one’s fear and _ respect 
towards fate. One cannot be too egoistical, too proud, or blindly 
believe one’s interpretations... These are the laws I can think of 
for the time being, as well as the essence of the ‘acting’ 
technique that will guide me towards the future. If it continues 
to be this successful, I won’t need half a year. Perhaps in two or 
three months, or even two to three weeks time, I'll be ready to 
completely digest the potion. 


... That sign was extremely obvious. It’s no wonder the mysterious 
Mr. Zaratul said that the Beyonder will clearly sense it when the 
potion is fully digested. There’s no need for anyone to teach them. 
It is what it is... Just like now, although my Spirit Vision has been 
enhanced a little, I know very well that this is only a pit stop in 
the digestion process and not the final destination. 


With this in mind, Klein couldn’t help but thank the suited 
clown for teaching him with his life! 


If it wasn’t for him, he would probably spend months at the 
Divination Club, summarizing the rules of a Seer through 
numerous attempts—for better or for worse—before he began 
‘acting’ strictly. 


“Mr. Moretti, I sometimes even think of you as a philosopher,” 
Angelica said with a sigh upon hearing Klein’s reply. 


“In my circle of friends, the term ‘philosopher’ is used to scold 
somebody.” Klein was in a good mood. 


With that said, he bowed, wore his hat, and left after bidding 
farewell. 


Although Angelica was unaware of the gentleman’s name or 
identity, Klein was in no way depressed. What he learned was 
sufficient enough for him to engage in the next phase of his 
plan. 


36 Zouteland Street. Inside Blackthorn Security Company. 


Dunn looked at the portrait in his hands with his deep gray eyes. 


“you wish to carry out a search for this person?” 


“Yes.” Klein had long prepared a reason for this. “Captain, didn’t I 
mention that I would head to the Divination Club to observe the 
reactions of its members on Hanass Vincent’s sudden death? I 
didn’t discover anything yesterday, but I accidentally found out 
today that the person in the portrait had appeared with Hanass 
Vincent once and was secretly discussing something with him. I 
flipped through our team’s investigation report just now, but I 
didn’t discover any person resembling him in the report.” 


There were no loopholes in his description. Even if Dunn Smith 
were to take this portrait to the Divination Club, he would get the 
same answer from Angelica. 


Dunn cast his gaze away from the portrait and laughed. 


“From the looks of it, the compensation funds weren’t a waste.” 


...Captain, isn’t your memory bad? Why would you mention the 
compensation at this point in time... Klein maintained a smile 
and didn’t say a word. 


“Was this drawn by you?” Dunn asked in passing. 


“Yes. I drew it with the help of ritualistic magic,” Klein replied, 
completely honest. 


Of course, speaking the truth and revealing the whole truth were 
two different matters. 


Dunn nodded slightly and said, “Get Old Neil to make a few more 
sets. I'll get Kenley and Royale to investigate and seek the 
cooperation of the police department. If this clue is of any use, 
you would’ve contributed greatly once again.” 


“May Goddess bless us.” Klein tapped four spots on his chest as 
he appeared abnormally devout. 


For him, all he needed from Dunn and company was to figure 
out the name and identity of the man in the portrait. He could 
divine his location above the gray fog! 


Despite it being his day off, Klein didn’t immediately return 
home after leaving the Blackthorn Security Company. Instead, he 
took the public carriage to the harbor and arrived in front of the 
Evil Dragon Bar’s entrance. 


In his considerations, although a Seer lacked the means to 
directly engage in combat with an enemy or the means to cast 
spells quickly, combat could be classified in many ways. Not all 
battles were chance encounters. As long as he had sufficient 
time to prepare, a Seer could similarly deal with an enemy using 
ritualistic magic. It was exactly how he resolved the magic 
mirror divination incident at Selena’s house. 


And this also meant that it was best if a Seer brought along the 
essential oils, herbs, and tiny candles to avoid being in a 
situation where they were unavailable when they were needed 
most, thus, resulting in a helpless death. After all, not everyone 
was like Selena who had an entire assortment of mysticism 
items which could be used. 


As for the ones he applied for, as Klein had practiced frequently, 


he had used up most of them. He kept what was left in his tiny 
inner pocket. 


He patted the cash note in his pocket and pushed open Evil 
Dragon Bar’s door and strode in. 


It was noon and there weren’t many customers in the bar. Nor 
were there any rat-baiting or boxing matches. It was quiet and 
not lively enough. 


Klein observed the guests drinking beer and playing cards as he 
walked toward the billiard room that led to the underground 
market. 


At that moment, he saw a muscular old man walk out with a 
torn Admiral’s jacket draped over his shoulders. 


“Were you the friend Old Neil brought last time?” Reeking with 
the smell of alcohol, the blue-eyed, messy brown-haired elder 
sized up Klein and laughed. 


Klein guessed at his identity and took off his hat and bowed. 


“yes, how might I address you?” 


“Old Neil often mentions you. I'm the boss here, Swain.” The 
blue-eyed elder’s arms were thick and brawny. He had firm 
muscles and had the bearing of a military officer. 


Former Tingen Mandated Punisher Captain... Rumor has it that he 
was once part of the Imperial Navy... Klein replied politely, “Yes.” 


“If you're in need of money, feel free to approach me.” Swain 
laughed as he mentioned before walking towards the bar 
counter. 


At that moment, Klein’s heart stirred as he immediately shouted, 
“Wait a moment, Mr. Swain. I have something I would like to 
ask of you.” 


Swain halted in his steps, turned halfway around, and said with 
a chuckle, “You look, well—very similar.” 


No, ’'m not having memory issues... The corner of Klein’s lips 
twitched as he pointed at the portrait he drew and asked, “Have 
you met this gentleman before?” 


He suddenly realized that Selena had likely been brought by 
Hanass Vincent to the underground market. This resulted in 
Elizabeth’s knowledge of the Evil Dragon Bar as well. Then, could 
the man in the portrait who had some relationship with Hanass 
Vincent have come here before? 


Swain took a careful look and replied affirmatively, “I remember 
him. He had asked me if I had documents or items related to the 
main peak of the Hornacis mountain range.” 


Documents and items related to the main peak of the Hornacis 
mountain range? Klein was taken aback as he suddenly 
connected that to another matter. 


Back when he was borrowing the journal issue related to the 
main peak of the Hornacis mountain range at Deweyville 
Library, the librarian had casually mentioned that someone had 
just returned it. Therefore, he still remembered very cleverly and 
didn’t need to flip through his name cards to determine if the 
man existed. 


Could the gentleman who borrowed the journal issue before me be 
the one in the portrait? 


The gentleman that had witnessed the exchange of the 
Antigonus family’s notebook. 


Chapter 102: Cloth Merchant 


The more Klein thought about it, the more likely it seemed. 
Otherwise, who would have borrowed those random journal 
issues for no reason? 


Yes, research regarding the main peak of the Hornacis mountain 
range is quite an unpopular field. Other than the corresponding 
lecturers and associate professors, the common hobbyist would’ve 
never heard of it. Even the original Klein, who was a history 
graduate, only knew about it from the Antigonus family’s 
notebook... Although Tingen is a city of universities, there 
wouldn’t be that many people who would interested in the topic. 
And even if there is anyone interested, most of them would remain 
within the university’s compounds. There would be no need to 
borrow the book from the Deweyville Library. 


The most important point is that the book happened to be 
borrowed only recentlu... 


By analyzing it this way, there really is a problem. I wasn’t sharp 
enough and failed to realize it... Sigh, it looks like I have no talent 
at being a detective or acting like Sherlock Holmes... 


While these thoughts raced through his mind, the boss of Evil 
Dragon Bar, Swain asked in puzzlement, “Is there a problem?” 


Since there were customers and bartenders around, he could 
only ask indirectly. 


“Nothing at all. ’m just wondering how I can investigate this 
gentleman. As you know, Hanass Vincent died at his home.” 
Klein had long prepared his excuse. 


He didn’t want to make the Mandated Punishers become 
interested in the ancient relics from the main peak of the 
Hornacis mountain range. 


“Vincent was one of the rather famous fortune-tellers in Tingen 
City. He often came here.” Swain had indeed given a perfunctory 
answer, but as he recalled, he said, “Now that I think about it, 
the gentleman in the portrait did come together with Vincent at 
the very beginning...” 


“That is exactly what I wanted to know. Do you remember his 
name?” Klein pressed immediately. 


Swain shook his head and chuckled. 


“I won't ask for my customers’ names or identities unless I knew 
them to begin with, like Old Neil.” 


“Alright then.” Klein deliberately revealed a saddened look. 


To him, it didn’t matter if Swain knew, because he could check 
the Deweyville Library. 


To borrow books from a privately-funded library, he had to leave 
personal information, and his identification must have had 
sufficient credibility! 


After all, Klein had relied on an introduction letter from a Senior 
Associate Professor before he obtained a library card. 


Even if the gentleman had forged his information, it is very likely 
that he left some clues which can be helpful to my divination... 


Klein watched Swain as he returned to the bar counter before 
entering the billiard room in deep thought. 


He wasn’t in a hurry to head to the Deweyville Library for his 
investigations. He planned on completing his purchases first. 
After all, it was unknown if he would encounter danger and be 
required to use ritualistic magic for subsequent developments. 


After passing through a few rooms, Klein arrived at the 
underground market. There were a few stalls and customers, a 
clear indication that it wasn’t peak hour yet. 


Just as he took a step forward, he suddenly saw the monster, 
Ademisaul, who could smell the scent of death, standing in a 
corner. 


The young man was pale, and his eyes gave off a hint of terror 
and madness. He had also noticed Klein as he looked over. 


As they made eye contact, Ademisaul suddenly extended his 
hands to cover his face. He moved toward the corner of the wall 
in a panicked state. 


Soon, he moved to a side door beside him and staggered as he 
ran out. 


Is that necessary? I just nearly blinded you the last time... But I 
didn’t do anything... Seriously, it’s as if I’m the devil. Klein’s 
facial expression was somewhat stiff. 


He shook his head and smiled. He stopped thinking about the 
monster and came to a stall. He started shopping with a goal in 
mind. 


After about half an hour, Klein spent a few pounds which was 
most of his secret stash of money. 


He counted the three pounds and seventeen soli he had left, and 
he felt his heart ache. However, he touched the small metal 
bottle in the inner pocket of his black trench coat. 


“This is the Amantha extract, which Madam Daly used 
previously. 


“This is powder mixed with drago tree bark and leaves. 


“Essential oil which is extracted from slumber flowers. 


“Dried chamomile petals. 


“This is Holy Night Powder which I previously produced myself.” 


Klein recalled the items stored in every tiny pocket of his and 
repeated them. He did it to prevent himself from failing to find 
the ingredient that he would need at a crucial moment. 


Relying on his unique traits in mysticism, he quickly finished 
memorizing them and walked toward the door. 


Suddenly, he saw a somewhat familiar figure in the corner of 
his eyes. 


It was a young lady in a casual green dress. Her smooth black 
hair was soft and glistening. She had a round face with long 
eyes. They gave her a sweet look and a refined bearing. 


It’s the girl who was shivering strangely on the public carriage? 
She does seem fine... I never expected her to be a mysticism 
enthusiast... Klein slowed down and thought for a few seconds 
before finally recalling who she was. 


He had to admit that, other than Justice who he had never seen 
clearly, the young lady was the most beautiful girl he had seen 
ever since he transmigrated into this world. 


The sweet and refined girl stood before a stall that sold 
mysticism books and, in a breach of etiquette, kneeled to rub her 
fingers against an ancient book. 


The ancient book was bound with a black hardcover. The book 
cover had the words “Book of Witches” in Hermes. 


“It records the black magic of witches. Although I haven’t dared 
to try them, someone I know did, and it really worked.” The 
vendor seized the opportunity to promote the book. 


The beautiful lady thought and asked, “In your mind, what does 
a witch look like?” 


“A witch? A wicked person who brings calamities, disease, and 
pain,” the vendor answered after some thought. 


Klein didn’t hear their conversation because he had already 
quickly walked out the front entrance. He was rushing to the 
Deweyville Library in a hurry to settle everything before 


returning home to cook dinner for his brother and sister. Tomato 
Oxtail Soup was on the menu. 


Backlund. Crown Turf Club. 


Audrey Hall wore a long white dress with engageantes and 
ruffled edges, as well as lace around her chest. She stood in a VIP 
room and watched the horses gallop. 


She wore a veiled hat decorated with blue ribbons and silk 
flowers, and a pair of light colored fishnet gloves. Her cold and 
distant gaze seemed out of place in the bustling venue. 


Just as the racehorse breasted the tape, her friend Viscount 
Glaint came closer and said with a suppressed voice, “Audrey, 
every time I see you, you look beautiful from a different angle.” 


“How can I help you?” In the past, Audrey might have basked in 
the young man’s compliment, but now she could see Glaint’s 
ulterior motives through his speech and attitude. 


Due to the early passing of Glaint’s father, he had inherited his 
title of nobility at the age of twenty. He was a slightly skinny 
young man. He looked to the left and right, then chuckled softly 
as he said, “Audrey, I know a real Beyonder, a Beyonder that 
doesn’t belong to the royal family.” 


You’ve disappointed me every time you said that... Audrey looked 
forward and replied elegantly, “Really?” 


“I swear on my father’s name. I have seen his Beyonder powers,” 
Glaint replied with whisper. 


Audrey was no longer the same as before in which should be 
excited over the news. She was now a Beyonder, but to prevent 
Glaint from turning suspicious, she widened her eyes and faked 
a surprised smile. She asked with her voice trembling, “When 
can I see him?” 


Yes, it’d be great to meet other Beyonders. I can’t just solve every 
triviality through the Tarot Club... Besides, I must gather my own 
resources to exchange them with Mr. Fool and Mr. Hanged Man... 
Not everything can be solved with money... Sigh, now that I’ve 
sent out the thousand pounds, I’ll have to be more frugal... 


Glaint was very satisfied with Audrey’s response. He looked 
towards the racecourse and said, “Tomorrow afternoon, there 
will be a literature and music salon at my place.” 


Inside Deweyville Library. 


Klein took out his identity card and badge from his pocket and 
showed them to the few librarians. 


“I. am a probationary inspector from the Special Operations 
Department of the Awwa County Police. I need your cooperation 
in an investigation,” he said in a deep voice, recalling the police 
films that he used to watch. 


The librarians looked at the identity card and badge before 
exchanging looks and nodding at each other. 


“Go ahead and ask, Officer.” 


Klein recited the names of the journals like New Archeology and 
upon finishing, he said, “I want the borrowing records of the 
journal for the last two months.” 


He realized that one of the librarians had attended to him before, 
but it was obvious that the man didn’t recognize him. 


“Alright. Hold on a second.” The librarians started searching and 
quickly found the recent borrowing records. 


Klein flipped through the records seriously, looking for the man 
who had borrowed the same journal as he did. 


There weren’t many names since there was only one. He had 
borrowed the journal several times, including the issue that 
Klein knew of. The earliest entry was at the end of May, and the 
most recent one was last Saturday, a day before Hanass Vincent’s 
death. 


Klein ran his finger over the borrower’s information and 
memorized it. 


Sirius Arapis, cloth merchant, residing at 19 Howes Street... 


Chapter 102: Doing As The Heart Willed 


He resides at 19 Howes Street? 


Whilst memorizing the information, Klein keenly noticed a piece 
of information. 


Yes, Welch stayed on Howes Street. The Divination Club is on 
Howes Street. This cloth merchant named Sirius Arapis also lives 
on Howes Street... From the looks of it, it’s nothing strange for 
Welch to know Hanass Vincent either. They might have even 
gotten to know each through Sirius Arapis... 


Suddenly, Klein felt that he had linked the clues together as his 
thoughts turned clear. 


He was originally confused as to how Welch would be acquainted 
with Hanass Vincent since this son of a banker wasn’t 
particularly interested in mysticism. To him, money was more 
important than divinations. But now, Klein felt that he had an 
inkling as to how they became acquainted. 


According to the descriptions of several magazines, middle-class 
and wealthy residents would gladly pay a visit to their neighbors 
from the same social class in order to form a social circle which is 
beneficial to them. Similarly, Welch and the cloth merchant, 
Sirius, absolutely have the motivation and opportunity to become 
friends since they both lived in the Howes Street vicinitu... 


It isn’t hard to understand how Sirius knew Hanass Vincent, who 
regularly went to the Divination Club on Howes Street. Perhaps it 
was a coincidental meeting, or perhaps Hanass had helped him 
out before. Regardless, this made it possible for the two of them, 


who frequently ran into each other within the same area, to 
become closer to one anotherv.... 


Hanass Vincent wanted to sell his ancient books, and thus, Sirius 
introduced him to Welch, who was an undergraduate of the 
History department... 


In Hanass’ dream, there was the figure of the suspected evil god, 
the “True Creator.” He also knew of the proper incantation format. 
This proves that he was very deep into the realm of mysticism. The 
possibility that he might have even been a member of some secret 
organization cannot be dismissed. 


I cannot rule out the possibility of him joining some secret 
organization under Sirius’s influence. 


With ideas coming to him so easily, Klein could tell that the 
information the man had left behind had a certain level of 
credibility without even using divination methods. 


Even if he isn’t called Sirius Arapis, nor work as a cloth merchant, 
and doesn’t live at 19 Howes Street, he definitely resides at Howes 
Street or, at the very least, somewhere nearby! 


While these ideas ran through his mind, Klein viewed the 
borrowing records once again with this new train of thought. 


The last time he came to Deweyville Library was last Saturday, a 
day before Selena’s birthday party, which was also a day before 
Hanass Vincent died. Several days have already passed since then, 
but he hasn’t returned the issues that he borrowed. 


According to past records, if he only borrowed two issues, he 
would usually return them the next day. 


Could this mean that he knows of Hanass’ death and was scared to 
the point that he no longer dares to come to the Deweyville Library 
again? 


Yes, he started by borrowing several unrelated history books and 
journals until he narrowed down what he needed, which is very 
similar to what I had read... 


This means that there was no one teaching him. There was no 
Senior Associate Professor from the history department of a 
university. He did this completely through trial and error. 


What would a shocked target do? Two choices. One, if he had all 
the necessary information, he would head straight to the main 
peak of the Hornacis mountain range. Two, if he still lacks 
information, he would lay low and observe the situation. He would 
only show himself again if he’s certain that Hanass’ death 
wouldn’t implicate him. 


Having made this conclusion, Klein closed the borrowing records 
and returned them to the librarians. He then took out the 
portrait and asked if anyone had seen the man. Unfortunately, 
many people came to borrow books every day, and the librarians 
didn’t have any impression of the average person. 


“Alright, thank you for your time.” Klein put away his 
identification documents and his badge. 


He had no intention of continuing the investigation alone. This 
wasn’t only dangerous, but also troublesome. He planned to head 
to Zouteland Street once again and hand the case over to Captain 
and his teammates. He then planned to go home and prepare his 


Tomato Oxtail Soup for his siblings before heading to the world 
above the gray fog to divine the target’s whereabouts and 
condition. 


“Officer, is there anything else?” a librarian asked sincerely as he 
heaved a sigh of relief. 


Klein nodded slightly and answered, “No, I will come back if 
there are new clues.” 


He held his black cane with his left hand and made his way to 
the door. 


At this moment, he saw a man enter the library with his head 
hung low. He was dressed in a double-breasted coat, its collars 
standing tall. 


When they walked past each other, Klein caught a glance of his 
thick, messy brows, and his pair of grayish-blue eyes! 


These were things the tall collar couldn't hide! 


Sirius? Sirius Arapis? A coincidence? Klein froze. He didn’t expect 
to meet his target here! 


What kind of luck was this! 


Wasn't this too much of a coincidence? 


He evaluated his physical condition and felt his aching sore 
muscles. Thus, he acted as though nothing had happened and 


continued walking towards the door. 


Well, we have to follow what our heart tells us! Safety matters! 


It doesn’t matter if I missed this opportunity as long as Sirius is 
still in Tingen! 


At this moment, the man in the double-breasted coat arrived 
before the counter and was handing the journals to one of the 
librarians. 


“It’s a return,” he said with a soft, muffled tone. 


The librarian received the journals causally and when he saw it, 
he suddenly froze. 


He subconsciously looked up and differently as his body couldn’t 
help but tremble. 


“Is there a problem?” the man asked in a deep voice. 


His question seemed like a spark that ignited a fuse, causing the 
librarian to instantly lose his self-control. He sprinted to the side 
and shouted, 


“Officer!” 


“The criminal is here!” 


At this moment, Klein, who hadn't left the building, cursed 
madly in his heart. 


He instinctively reached for his holster with his right hand and 
drew his revolver. 


That man froze for a moment before turning and breaking into a 
sprint. 


But he didn’t head for the door. Instead, he escaped in the 
direction of the oriel window to the side, as if he wanted to 
smash through the glass and jump out onto the street. 


Klein, who was flustered, turned his head to see the scene when 
he felt a sudden calm. 


He realized that even though he was afraid of the target, his 
target was more afraid of him! 


The man must be unable to determine my abilities in such an 
abrupt meeting. He isn’t clear on what I am adept in, and so, he 
will instinctively avoid a direct confrontation and look for other 
ways to escape! Confident of his analysis, Klein lifted his revolver 
and pulled the trigger. 


At that moment, the man in the double-breasted coat abruptly 
rolled onto the ground in an attempt to avoid the bullet. 


Following up on that, he pressed down on the ground with his 
right hand and propelled himself into the air towards the oriel 
window. 


Click! Klein’s first shot was empty. 


But this was something he had expected. He took advantage of 
Sirius’s inability to dodge while in midair to aim at his torso and 
pulled the trigger. 


Bang! 


The silver demon hunting bullets tore through the air and 
penetrated straight through Sirius’s back. 


Crash! The glass shattered and Sirius flew out the window, 
leaving drops of crimson blood on the crystalline glass 
fragments and windowsill. 


Klein was no longer afraid now that the target was injured. He 
ran over and jumped out the window with the help of a chair. 


This was the area lining the back of Deweyville Library’s ground 
floor. A row of trees isolated a lush green field. 


The injured Sirius was running to the side, in an attempt to 
enter a small alley between two buildings. Having not practiced 
shooting at moving targets, Klein didn’t dare to fire blindly. He 
could only carry his cane in one hand and his gun in the other 
as he pursued the man in a black coat. 


Tap! Tap! Tap! 


He followed the trail of blood on the floor and tried to close the 
distance. 


With a corner coming up, the injured Sirius’s speed became 
slower and slower. Klein, who had been waiting for an 
opportunity to capture him, suddenly felt a little afraid. He felt 
as though the man in front of him wasn’t human, but a wolf or 
a tiger, one that harbored terrifying dangers. 


This was an instinct he had as a Seer, and also a warning given 
to him by his spirituality! 


Klein immediately slowed down, his eyes scanning the blood on 
the ground. 


Compared to the blood he had seen earlier, Sirius’s blood was 
now black! 


At this moment, a violent wind overwhelmed him. Sirius’s face 
was reflected in Klein’s eyes. 


Thick, messy brows. Grayish blue eyes. Multiple protruding 
warts. An open mouth with two rows of white teeth. 


Sirius was launching a counterattack at this moment! 


This made the face reflected in Klein’s eyes more visible. He 
could even smell a particularly putrid stench! 


Sirius pounced a distance of seven or eight meters, far more 
than any normal human being could jump. But as Klein had 
stopped chasing him just in time, there was still a distance of 
nearly ten meters between them. 


When the distance was shortened to two meters, the sticky 


saliva caused by drool and the disgusting dense warts formed a 
harrowing scene that made Klein’s nerves tense up. 


Without thinking, he seized the opportunity of the temporary 
immobility caused by Sirius’s pounce to raise his right hand. He 
fired without stopping, allowing the bullets to rain down on the 
target’s head. 


Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! 


Shooting from such a close distance allowed the silver demon 
hunting bullets to drill through Sirius’s head. Blood splattered 
everywhere as his face became more and more mangled, until 
he staggered backwards. 


Klein had emptied the bullets in his revolver in an instant. He 
subconsciously wanted to take a few steps back in order to 
confirm the results of this battle. 


But at this moment, Sirius gave Klein the shock of his life by 
trying his hardest to stand up straight. Klein abruptly lifted the 
cane in his left hand. 


Smack! The sturdy silver-inlaid black cane struck Sirius’s neck, 
leaving a dark red mark. 


Smack! Smack! Smack! 


Klein acted on instinct, raining blows on his opponent until 
Sirius collapsed stumbling onto the ground. 


Huff! Puff! Huff! Klein supported himself with his cane and took 


deep breaths. His eyes were trained intently on his target, afraid 
that Sirius would suddenly jump back to life. 


At that moment, Sirius’ head had basically been smashed into a 
pulp, and the warts gradually receded. His body stopped moving 
after a few convulsions. 


Klein was in no hurry to examine the corpse. Instead, he tossed 
his cane to the side and took out the demon hunting bullets he 
had on him and reloaded his revolver. 


After doing this, he collected himself and fought back his 
disgust, kneeling down to search the pockets of Sirius’s double- 
breasted coat. 


Chapter 104: Mr. Z 


One pocket, two pockets, three pockets... Klein soon found a 
bloodstained wallet, a Deweyville Library card, two pairs of brass 
keys, an unstuffed smoking pipe, a sheathed dagger, and a few 
letters that were folded neatly. 


Laying everything onto the ground except for the letters, he stood 
up straight and looked at the wallet. He confirmed that there 
were only ten plus soli and some copper pennies. 


The craftsmanship of the wallet is quite exquisite. It’s such a pity... 
Klein sighed, feeling a little distracted. 


If I didn’t spend so much of my private stash of money, buying a 
wallet would’ve been on my schedule today. 


After shaking his head, Klein opened the letters and quickly 
scanned through them. 


“Dear Mr. Z,” 


“Please allow me to defend myself. When Hanass and I sold off 
the Antigonus family’s notebook, it wasn’t stupidity or betrayal. 
It didn’t appear special in any way when it was in our hands.” 


“I suspect that it’s alive and that it’s a wicked item armed with a 
certain life and wisdom. It was something dangerous that 
needed to be sealed.” 


“At different stages and before different people, it shows 


different contents!” 


“This is a proven fact that I’ve learnt from the lamb in the police 
station.” 


“Although the notebook shows content that is sufficiently true 
each time with plenty of evidence, I believe that it would only 
reveal the completed content in the hands of a descendant of the 
Antigonus family.” 


“When Hanass and I received it, we could only see some trivial 
matters of the Antigonus family, the general situation of the 
Nation of the Evernight on the main peak of the Hornacis 
mountain range, and also the three Sequence potion formulas 
we handed in to you previously.” 


“As you know, the Secret Order has the Seer pathway in its grasp 
and possesses powerful tracking abilities, so Hanass and I 
believed that it would be a risky move to continue keeping the 
notebook. The value it had presented to us wasn’t sufficient for 
us to take the risk.” 


“Since we couldn’t wait for your reply, we agreed amongst 
ourselves to sell the notebook to Welch, who was living on the 
same street . He enjoyed collecting relics and ancient books, and 
he could afford to pay a high price for it. As for the subsequent 
developments, you are already aware of it.” 


“This is the first thing that Pd like to explain. As I am writing 
these words, Hanass is dead. He died due to a heart attack during 
his sleep. That must be a blessing from God, to prevent him from 
suffering the outcome of falling into the hands of heretics.” 


“I had no choice but to move to somewhere safer, more hidden. I 
didn’t even dare to leave the house. Luckily, the lamb told me 


that the reason Hanass was being eyed by the heretics wasn’t 
because of the Antigonus family’s notebook, nor was his identity 
exposed. It was just that he had taken in a silly female disciple 
in the hopes of slowly developing her into one of us.” 


“His female disciple had stolen a glance at his secret incantation 
and tried the magic divination while a Nighthawk heretic was 
watching. I believe you can pretty much guess the rest of the 
story, so there is no need for me to describe it.” 


“It’s a pity that the position of the lamb isn’t high enough, so the 
actual details cannot be determined.” 


“From various feedback, it seems the heretics have yet to suspect 
me. Their investigations came to a halt due to Hanass’ sudden 
death.” 


“Therefore, I will return to the streets and plan to borrow a few 
more journal issues from the Deweyville Library to seek out 
more clues.” 


“As a faction that also had the Seer pathway in its grasp, the 
Antigonus family must have had some divinations regarding its 
decimation. They must have left behind secret treasures that 
would allow for the revival of the family!” 


“There’s sufficient reason to believe that the treasure is hidden 
on the main peak of the Hornacis mountain range, which is in 
one of the relics in the Nation of the Evernight!” 


Having read that, Klein’s pupils constricted rapidly. He nearly 
dropped the letter. 


The pathway that the Antigonus family had in its grasp was the 
Seer pathway? 


What a coincidence! 


Thunder seemed to boom in Klein’s head again and again that 
left him in a daze. He felt as though it was destiny. 


The notebook that led to the original Klein’s death and indirectly 
helped me transmigrate, originated from the Antigonus family 
that has the Seer pathway in its grasp. The one that eventually 
made me choose the Seer potion was Emperor Roselle’s diary, 
while Emperor Roselle was biased towards the Seer Sequence 
because of the mysterious Mr. Zaratul who was the leader of the 
Secret Order, which also has the Seer pathway in its grasp! 


.. This is like a suffocating net sewn by Fate. 


What exactly is lurking behind all of this? 


Klein held the letter and paced back and forth. He needed to 
verify the contents with other sources. 


Yes, the Secret Order that the Zaratul family controls is pursuing 
and searching for the belongings left behind by the Antigonus 
family. If both parties shared the same Beyonder Sequence, there 
would be a sufficient reason and motive. Perhaps, it is to bridge 
any missing Sequences, obtain rare ingredients for a higher 
Sequence advancement, or covet the other party’s accumulated 
experiences in avoiding the loss of control... 


Going by this line of thought, it is rather reasonable that the 
Antigonus family has at least part of the Seer Sequence chain. 


Yes, when I was divining for clues pertaining to the Clown potion, 
the images that emerged were mostly related to the Antigonus 
family. The only exception was the suited clown from the Secret 
Order... Therefore, the true meaning behind the symbolism is that 
each scene carries the possibility of obtaining the Clown potion 
and a clue. However, I didn’t understand the crux of the issue and 
regrettably missed it. 


With the two corroborating evidence, Klein nearly believed the 
matters that Sirius had brought up in the letter. He also 
understood why he constantly heard the word ‘Hornacis’ in the 
murmurs he shouldn't be hearing. 


The earliest occurrence of this happening was when I first 
consumed the Seer potion! 


He wore a serious expression as he thought to himself. 


Meanwhile, he guessed that ‘being a survivor of those that made 
contact with a relic of the Antigonus family and ‘becoming a 
Beyonder of the Seer pathway’ were two necessary conditions to 
hear the murmurs saying ‘Hornacis.’ 


Is there really a secret treasure buried within the ancient ruins on 
the main peak of the Hornacis mountain range by the Antigonus 
family? No, I can’t think about this! Just the notebook alone has 
killed so many people. Any complete treasure would be even more 
terrifying! Klein shook his head subconsciously and cast his gaze 
onto the third piece of paper, which was the last of the letters. 


“Honorable Mr. Z, I hope I can gain your assistance. I believe that 
you should be sufficiently interested in the treasure too.” 


“Until then, I will make myself look like a normal person, a 
normal lover of history.” 


“When the end of days arrives, I will offer all of Tingen’s lambs 
as a Sacrifice to God.” 


“Humbly, Sirius Arapis.” 


When he finished reading Sirius’s letter, Klein had the urge to 
laugh. 


Heh, why do I feel like I saved Tingen? What was this guy trying to 
do? Heretics are truly unbelievable... 


Who is this Mr. Z? He seems like someone in a high position... At 
the very least, he should be at the same sequence as Captain. 


Where was Sirius sending the letter to? He didn’t write down the 
address... It seems like that’s the cautiousness of a heretic. They 
wouldn’t put the address on until the moment before they sent it 
out... 


Right, if the Antigonus family had the potion of the Seer pathway 
in its grasp, then would the Clown potion be among the three 
formulas inside the Antigonus family’s notebook that Sirius sent?” 


Highly likely! 


In that instant, Klein seemed to have found clues to the Clown 
potion. 


Although Sirius didn’t bring the formula along with him, it was 
possible that he had left some form of record at his hideout. He 
must have also had it in his head, in his memories! 


Klein looked at the corpse before him and considered the 
problem of making a dead person speak. 


It required almost zero consideration, as an idea immediately 
popped into his head. 


“Mediumship!” 


Spirit Mediums could directly communicate with spirits that had 
yet to disperse. Seers, Mystery Pryers, and others could roughly 
accomplish the same thing using ritualistic magic. 


Previously, when he was dealing with the corpse of the suited 
clown, there were three things that had kept Klein from using 
mediumship. Firstly, he was in a hurry to save the rest. 
Secondly, he didn’t have the ingredients with him, and lastly, he 
lacked confidence. Thus, he didn’t consider the option of 
mediumship and missed his best chance. When they returned to 
Blackthorn Security Company, the spirit was mostly gone. Even a 
Spirit Medium could only get superficial information. 


But now, Klein happened to have all the ingredients and tools, 
and he happened to have the experience of communicating with 
lingering resentment through the help of dream divination. 


My only concern about contacting the spirit of a heretic would be 
being placed in the same situation as Captain’s entry into 
Hanass’ dream where he saw a horrifying existence... However, 
Captain only remained frail for two days, and he wasn’t 
considered severely injured. Yes, I could give it a try! He hesitated 
for less than twenty seconds before making a decision. He didn’t 


want to miss out on this opportunity. 


He raised his head, turned around, and cast his gaze toward the 
spot where the window had shattered. There was a crowd 
gathered there watching. 


He took out his identification card and badge before returning to 
the broken window. He then told the onlookers through the 
shattered oriel window, 


“I. am a probationary inspector from the Special Operations 
Department of the Awwa County Police. I have shot the criminal 
to death. Please take this badge to the nearest police station and 
tell them to send backup to deal with the follow-up.” 


“The rest are to help me cordon off this area. Do not allow 
anyone to come close for they might contaminate the scene.” 


“Yes, Officer!” The librarian that caused Klein the trouble quickly 
took the badge. 


When the entire scene was cordoned off and no one could enter 
the grass patch, Klein returned to the corner and stood by the 
side of the corpse. 


He was glad that the innocent crowd couldn’t see the dead body, 
which looked more like a monster than a human. He put down 
his cane and revolver, then reached into the inner pocket of his 
trench coat to take out a metal bottle. 


He was going to use the techniques of a mediumship ritual with 
dream divination to make the dead man speak! 


Chapter 105: Spirit Channeling 


Klein twisted open the golden bottle’s cap and brought it to his 
nose. He took a whiff of the stimulating scent that energized 
him. 


This was Holy Night Powder made using Slumber flowers, 
Dragon Blood grass, deep red sandalwood, mint, and other herbs. 
Since it was simple to concoct, Klein had made a batch the 
moment he got the ingredients from the underground market. It 
was going to be of use now. 


He poured a little of the Holy Night Powder on his palm and 
collected himself. His irises turned dark. 


Next, Klein put away the metal bottle and scattered the powder 
onto the ground after infusing his spirituality into it. 


He scattered the powder as he walked, forming a circle around 
Sirius’s corpse. 


A formless barrier rose, separating them from the outside world. 


Klein flicked away the remaining Holy Night Powder on his hand 
and took out the other metal bottles. He sprinkled the Amantha 
extract and other liquids in the surrounding area. 


The ritual he set up was different from the one Old Neil used at 
Ray Bieber’s house since the aim of the ritual was different. 


For example, Old Neil poured the liquids before using the Holy 


Night Powder. That could create a serene and holy state second 
only to an actual altar. Klein had used the Holy Night Powder 
first before pouring the liquids to prevent Sirius’s remnant 
Spirituality from being disturbed by the surrounding objects 
while still barely managing to have an environment that 
satisfied the requirements of the ritual. 


If he had used Old Neil’s method, the rest of Sirius’s spirituality 
would’ve been purged, making it impossible to establish a 
connection. 


After finishing his preparations, Klein put away the materials 
and entered a state of Cogitation. He recited the Hermes 
incantations softly, “I pray for the power of the dark night. 


“I pray for the power of the mystery. 


“I pray for the Goddess’ loving grace. 


“I pray that you'll allow me to communicate with the heretic’s 
spirituality inside this altar.” 


As the incantations reverberated throughout the sealed space, 
Klein suddenly felt a massive, terrifying, and mysterious energy 
descend upon him. 


His eyes turned completely black as though he had lost his pupils 
and the whites of his eyes. 


Seizing the opportunity, Klein recited a divination statement in 


his heart, “The formula to the Clown potion. 


“The formula to the Clown potion.” 


As he was reciting the statement, he used Cogitation to 
temporarily enter a dreamlike state. 


It was a hazy gray world without a sky or ground. Klein was 
unusually alert as he observed a transparent, ethereal figure. 


He extended his right hand and touched the remnants of Sirius’s 
spirit. 


The scene in front of him changed with a rumble. 


It was a study table painted with dark red paint. There were 
three candles on a silver candle stand, as well as a blank piece of 


paper. 


Sirius had a pen in his hand. He wrote in Loen language, “This is 
the second formula, its name in the notebook is ‘Clown.” 


“80 milliliters of pure water, 5 drops of tornapple juice, 7 grams 
of black-rimmed sunflower powder, 10 grams of golden cloak 
grass powder, 3 drops of poison hemlock. These are the 
supplementary ingredients.” 


“The main supernatural ingredients are: one crystal of the single 
horn of a matured Hornacis gray mountain goat and a complete 


stalk of a human-faced rose.” 


Sirius seemed to have the Clown potion’s formula memorized as 
he quickly finished writing it. 


He paused for a moment and took a sip of coffee, then he 
unwound the silver pendulum around his wrist. 


He held the pendulum and closed his eyes, muttering terms to 


himself such as “the end of days”, “peace of mind”, “hope for the 
Lord’s blessings”, and “confess”. 


After Sirius finished his prayer, Klein finally saw the pendulum 
clearly. 


Under the wound silver chain was a thumb-sized human 
figurine. 


The figurine had a single eye, a trait unique to giants. It was 
facing down, its legs bound by chains that connected upwards. 


At that moment, the single eye of the giant suddenly had a faint 
red glow. 


Crack! 


The scene Klein witnessed shattered as his legs buckled, almost 
causing him to kneel to the ground. 


Klein felt pain in his head as though he had been struck 
ruthlessly in the head with a bat. His vision turned blood-red as 


his hands involuntarily reached out to protect his knees. 


He recovered several seconds later and stood back up. He felt that 
his spirituality was unusually weak, as if he had heard the 
murmurings that penetrated his mind once again. 


But due to his progress in ‘digesting’ the magic medicine, the 
adverse reaction calmed down quickly. 


The Hanged Giant, the True Creator... Sirius and Hanass were both 
members of the Aurora Order? But the Captain saw a huge cross in 
Hanass’ dream. The terrifying being crucified on the cross wasn’t 
the Aurora Order’s Hanged Giant... Klein took two deep breaths 
and waited for his spirituality to slowly recover. 


The Aurora Order was a secret organization that sprang into 
existence about two to three hundred years ago. They worshiped 
the True Creator and symbolized him with The Hanged Giant. 
They believed that every human being had divine qualities, and 
as long as they persevered and made it through the countless 
trials, they would be able to accumulate enough divine qualities 
to become angels. 


According to the internal records of the Nighthawks, the 
Sequence 9 of the Aurora Order was Secrets Suppliant. These 
Beyonders could sense the existence of mysterious and 
horrifying beings and were armed with a decent amount of 
knowledge regarding sacrifices and some knowledge on 
ritualistic magic. There was enough evidence to claim that 
senior Secrets Suppliants experienced distortions of their 
worldview and lost control easily. 


Little was known about the Sequence 7 which the Aurora Order 
had grasped. Sequence 8 was Listener. This was considered quite 
a terrifying ‘job’ for a Beyonder. 


Every Listener could listen directly to the whispers of the secret 
entities; thus, they frequently came into contact with powerful, 
distorted, unique abilities. But consequently, if they were unable 
to advance, it was difficult for them to survive the next five years 
after becoming a Listener. Furthermore, the comments the 
Nighthawks had in the reports were that every Listener was a 
lunatic. Even if they looked normal on the surface, they were 
always crazy on the inside. 


The details of the report regarding the Aurora Order flashed 
through Klein’s mind. His initial theory was that Sirius was a 
Secrets Suppliant. 


From the description, Secrets Suppliant are as hopeless as Seers in 
battle. That does fit Sirius’s actions just now. What happened later 
was a loss of control brought about by the injury? Yes, Frye once 
said that every Beyonder would more or less undergo some weird 
changes after they die... Klein thought as he tapped four points 
on his chest to praise the Goddess. 


After his spirituality recovered slightly, he concluded the ritual 
with the appropriate procedure and dismantled the wall of 
Spirituality. 


With a whoosh, a gust of wind blew as Klein forced himself to 
look at Sirius’s corpse. 


He noticed that there was still an obvious wart on Sirius’s 
mangled face. It was a dark purple wart, almost black. There 
seemed to be liquid and a light gleaming within. 


“What kind of transformation was that?” Klein rubbed his 
temples, not daring to touch it. 


He bent over and retrieved his cane, allowing it to bear his 


weight. 


After what had just happened, he knew that Sirius’s spirituality 
had been completely destroyed. Even the Spirit Medium Daly 
would be unable to communicate with him. 


After a while, Klein saw Captain Dunn and his partners, Leonard 
and Kenley. 


“It seems like your fate is tied to Beyonders and evil forces. In 
just a few weeks, you have come across more supernatural 
incidents than what we usually see in months,” Leonard joked, 
looking at the corpse on the ground. 


“It might not be a coincidence,” Klein added, as he suddenly 
thought about the red chimney he had seen in his dream 
divination, as well as the majestic palace on the main peak of 
the Hornacis mountain range and the formless focus on him. He 
took the opportunity to mention it in passing. 


Dunn surveyed the surroundings and, with his gray eyes trained 
on Klein, asked, “You tried channeling his spirit?” 


There were still traces of Holy Night Powder and the scent of the 
essential oils. 


“Yes,” Klein replied truthfully. “I was worried that you would 
arrive late and that the remains of his spirituality would 
scatter.” 


“you don’t look well. Are you alright?” the short Kenley asked in 
concern. 


Klein passed Sirius’s undelivered letter to the captain and began 
from the beginning. 


“When I went to the underground market to purchase materials 
for the rituals, I suddenly remembered that Selena had also once 
gone to the Evil Dragon Bar and that it was Hanass Vincent that 
brought her there. This meant that Hanass was a regular there. 
Thus, I suspected that the person in the portrait, someone who’s 
definitely connected to Hanass, might have gone to the 
underground market too. 


“I asked the boss Swain about the portrait, and he gave me 
confirmation. He told me that the man had once tried to buy 
documents and items related to the Hornacis Mountains. That 
reminded me of the library. I recalled that the librarian had 
mentioned that someone had just returned the journal issue I 
wanted to borrow...” 


Leonard stood to the side, listening with a smile. He suddenly 
interrupted, “And so you brought your identification documents 
and badge here to flip through the borrowing records? Actually, I 
am very curious; why would you come into conflict with this 
man here? Even if it was a direct encounter, with your style of 
doing things, you would’ve pretended that you didn’t know him 
and would just leave the library. Then you would come to 
Zouteland Street to ask for our help.” 


“yes, there was no need for you to take the risk. As long as you 
confirm the target and that he hasn’t left Tingen, there would 
always be a way to find him,” Dunn added as he reviewed the 
letter. 


Klein immediately said in embarrassment, “The librarian 
recognized him and shouted for the police to help. 


“There’s no way I could have pretended not to hear that...” 


Leonard and Kenley looked at each other. One tried to cover his 
amusement, while the other turned his head to the side. 


Dunn nodded, his gaze leaving the letters. 


“Did you get anything from channeling his spirit?” 


“I saw a pendulum that took the shape of a Hanged Giant. I saw 
a blood-red glow flash in the giant’s only eye before I was forced 
out of the ritual,” Klein described honestly. 


He didn’t want to talk about the Clown potion for the time being 
as he had two considerations. 


First, if Dunn and the rest were able to find Sirius’s hideout and 
the corresponding records, then it would make no difference if 
he told them or not, as there would be no additional 
contributions attributed to him. 


Second, if Dunn and the rest were unable to find it, he could 
report it in the future. This way, he would be awarded with 
another contribution, allowing him to acquire the ingredients 
needed to concoct a potion. This was a way to obtain double the 
rewards for a single task, a technique that stemmed from Old 
Neil’s recent teachings. 


“Aurora Order?” Dunn muttered to himself before he asked some 
relevant questions. 


After Klein answered all his questions, he saw the fatigue in 
Klein’s eyes and waved his cane. 


“Not bad. You foiled a scheme that was targeting Tingen. You can 
go back and rest. Kenley, bring Old Neil over.” 


After giving out instructions, Dunn smiled bitterly and shook his 
head. 


“Before Sequence 6, Beyonders of the Sleepless pathway lack 
many supplemental abilities. We can only conduct the simplest 
of ritualistic magic.” 


“Captain, you mean that from Sequence 6 onwards, a Sleepless 
pathway Beyonder would gain improvements in_ the 
corresponding aspects?” Klein asked out of curiosity. 


“Yes,” Dunn confirmed. 


After leaving the Deweyville Library, Klein nearly fell asleep in 
the carriage on multiple occasions on his way back to Daffodil 
Street. 


He lumbered into the house, he then removed his hat and jacket 
before falling asleep on the sofa. 


Sometime later, he woke up abruptly, took out his pocket watch, 
and snapped it open. 


“Melissa will be back in half an hour, Benson in forty-five 
minutes... If I don’t get up, Pll have to make them wait an hour 
before we can have dinner...” Klein rubbed his forehead as he 
entered the kitchen. 


He washed his face with cold water, then took out the oxtail, 
tomatoes, carrots, and onions he had bought that afternoon. 


After he prepared the ingredients, he suddenly froze. He had the 
feeling that his actions just now formed a strange juxtaposition 
with the incident that afternoon. 


“Iam a man who just saved Tingen...” Klein mumbled in 
amusement. He put on a white apron and got to making dinner. 


Chapter 106: Artist Klein 


After eight in the evening, in the Moretti family’s dining room. 


As he looked at the shallow soup left in the bowl, Benson raised 
his hand to cover his mouth to give a satisfied burp. 


“Although that was our third time eating it, I still find it 
delicious. The sourness and sweetness of the tomato and the 
chewy texture of the oxtail blends into a perfect and unique 
flavor. Klein, ’'m sorry that the Blackthorn Security Company 
caused Tingen City to lose such an outstanding chef.” 


Melissa leaned backwards in her chair and nodded in agreement 
silently. 


“This is because you have yet to try real cooking.” Klein smiled 
humbly. “If we have a chance in the future, let’s head to 
Bonaparte Restaurant on Howes Street for some authentic Intis 
cuisine, and also to Coastline Restaurant in the Golden Indus 
borough for some southern delicacies.” 


These were restaurants that were always covered in the 
newspapers, where the average cost per person was around a 
pound and a half. 


“I like your cooking more,” Melissa answered without hesitation. 
Benson chuckled and changed the topic. 


“But I ultimately feel that there’s something lacking from the 


tomato oxtail soup. Perhaps, it shouldn’t be eaten with bread?” 


Klein nodded in agreement. 


“It’s best complemented with rice.” 


“Rice...” Melissa muttered with an expression of yearning. 


Tingen, which was located north, wasn’t considered a big city. 
Besides a few particular restaurants, it was difficult to have any 
chance of eating rice. 


To Benson and Melissa, this kind of food only existed in the 
descriptions of newspapers and textbooks. 


Looking at his sister’s expression, Klein laughed. 


“Wait till we save another six month’s salary, and we will find a 
chance to go on vacation in Desi Bay and try the delicacies 
there.” 


Desi Bay was located in the far south of the Loen Kingdom, and a 
third of it belonged to Feynapotter Kingdom. It had plenty of 
sunlight and beautiful scenery, and the paella there was very 
famous. 


Before Melissa could share her opinion on saving money, Klein 
said, “In another three months, I should get another raise. By 
then, we could totally fulfill our desire to travel as well as save 
money for necessities.” 


“Why?” Benson and Melissa’s attention was redirected as 
expected. 


Klein coughed lightly and smiled while explaining, “Due to my 
professionalism, the police department which always 
collaborates with our company intends to hire me as their part- 
time history consultant. They would pay me extra, at least two 
pounds a week. If you see me in a police uniform in the future 
and showing the corresponding police documentation, please 
don’t be shocked. 


“Of course, as you know, the work efficiency in governmental 
departments is as slow as a ninety-year-old lady’s footsteps. 
They still have to go through a lengthy procedure, and they’re 
required to do a thorough inspection of me. Hence, on my off 
days for the next two months, I'll be heading to Khoy University 
quite often to see my mentor and the teaching staff I know to 
learn more.” 


Seeing the shocked look in his brother and sister’s eyes, he 
paused and said with a strange expression, “Just like Emperor 
Roselle said, ‘One is never too old to learn.” 


Benson maintained a few seconds of silence before saying in a 
half self-deprecating and half emotional manner, “Is it too late 
for me to sign up for university? Knowledge really is wealth.” 


And also power... Klein added silently. 


“Benson, you need Klein’s grammar books and his classic 
literature textbooks,” Melissa said out of the blue, stealing the 
words from Klein’s mouth. 


Benson’s expression seemed to change. He gritted his teeth and 
said, “Klein, pass me those books tonight. 


“Even if all they do is put me to sleep, I am determined to read 
them for an hour, no—an hour and a half a day. 


“I swear in the name of the Goddess! If I can’t do it, I will be a 
curly-haired baboon!” 


A smile immediately plastered across Klein’s face. 


“No problem.” 


The next morning, Klein hung his coat and hat on the clothes 
rack in the break room. Then he followed Rozanne’s instructions 
and walked to the basement to the duty room outside Chanis 
Gate. 


Captain Dunn and members Frye, Seeka, Royale, Leonard, and 
Kenley were all there. 


As his gray eyes glanced past the newly promoted Nighthawk, 
Dunn smiled and said, “We have a routine meeting every 
Thursday to summarize past missions and discuss various 
challenges.” 


Iamaman who has endured the test of many regular meetings as 
well... Klein lampooned. He found a seat and joked, “Do I need to 
introduce myself?” 


Dunn smiled and turned to look at Kenley. 


“Briefly tell us about the investigation of Sirius Arapis.” 


Kenley was also a Nighthawk who had been promoted from a 
member of the civilian staff. He wasn’t very tall, his brown hair 
was quite thick, his body size was average, his muscles were 
very toned, and he looked like someone who was smart and 
capable. 


He thought and said, “With Old Neil’s help, we found Sirius’s 
secret hideout. There were many books and items at the scene. 
From them, we can be certain that Sirius was one of the 
underground members of the secret organization, the Aurora 
Order. He was also a Secrets Suppliant. 


“There’s sufficient evidence to show that he and Hanass Vincent 
sold the Antigonus family notebook to Welch. Those who don’t 
remember Welch can ask Klein about him. 


“We found valuable items, including three Sequence potion 
formulas, which are Sequence 9 Seer, Sequence 9 Apprentice, and 
Sequence 8 Clown... 


“The subsequent task is to use Sirius’s social circle and the letters 
we found to locate other outer circle members of the Aurora 
Order. The focus of our search will be directed at the heretic who 
has infiltrated the police department. 


“Also, people who were in contact with Hanass need to be 
reinvestigated.” 


Dunn nodded lightly and looked towards Klein. 


“AS you heard just now, we've obtained the Clown potion 


formula, but are unable to determine if it’s real. We have to wait 
for the Holy Cathedral to give us feedback. 


“In the mission relating to the Aurora Order, you have made a 
crucial contribution. Plus, given that you shot a member of the 
Secret Order, it won't be long until you accrue enough 
contributions to be promoted. But, I have to remind you that not 
everyone is like Daly. You have to suppress your desire and wait 
for three years. In order to avoid losing control, you can’t allow 
your mindset to be affected by our discovery of the Clown potion 
formula.” 


Captain, you don’t understand how magical it is to ‘act’... I have 
already confirmed the authenticity of the Clown potion formula 
using divination above the gray fog last night... Klein nodded 
obediently. 


“I will keep my emotions in check.” 


Then Seeka Tron, the quiet Midnight Poet with white hair and 
black eyes, said, “We still haven’t found any clues regarding 
Instigator Tris. I suspect that he has already fled from Tingen.” 


After they were done exchanging their new information, Klein 
left the duty room and found Old Neil to continue his mysticism 
lessons. In the afternoon, he went over to his combat teacher, 
Gawain, to do basic strength, endurance, and _ overall 
coordination training. 


With the sun still up and bright at five. 


Klein took off his training costume, took a quick shower, and 
changed into his original clothing. He then took the public 
carriage to Besik Street. 


He hadn’t forgotten about the red chimney that he had seen in 
his dream divination, nor did he forget about the man that he 
suspected to be a member of the Psychology Alchemists who had 
bought supplementary ingredients for the Spectator potion in the 
underground market. These things would be inconvenient to 
investigate in his role as a Nighthawk. 


“Number 27. Henry’s Private Detective Company... Yup, it’s here.” 
Klein found a private detective company according to the 
newspaper’s descriptions. It was said to be trustworthy. 


He put on a mask, lowered his top hat, and flipped up his collar. 
He walked up the stairs and came to the company on the second 
floor. 


Knock! Knock! Knock! He knocked on the door that was half- 
closed. 


“Please come in,” said a voice that seemed to be affected by 
phlegm. 


Klein lifted his cane and pushed the door to enter. He saw the 
detective company using an almost open layout. There were four 
employees sitting at their respective seats partitioned into small 
cubicles. 


“Hi, ’m Detective Henry. How may I help you?” a man in a white 


shirt and black vest greeted him. 


He held a smoking pipe in his hand, and he had a prominent 
jawline, blade-like eyebrows, and dark blue eyes that sized up 
his client. 


Klein used the collar of his trench coat to block half of his face as 
he spoke. 


“I have two matters to entrust to you. How are your rates?” 


“That depends on the difficulty of the task.” Detective Henry 
retracted his gaze and pointed towards the sofa in the guest 
area. “Let’s talk over there.” 


Klein followed him to the semi-partitioned area and sat on the 
single-seat sofa. He didn’t take off his coat, nor did he take off 
his hat and mask. 


He purposely made his voice hoarse and said, “First, I need you to 
help me find a house with a chimney that looks like this, as well 
as information on who the owner and current tenant are.” 


As he spoke, he took out a neatly folded paper. When he opened 
it, there was a chimney with its color noted down and its 
surrounding scenery. 


This was the drawing that Klein completed by using the 
uniqueness of the area above the gray fog and the method of 
praying to himself. 


by 


“What a great drawing...” Detective Henry complimented 


subconsciously. He then knitted his eyebrows and said, “This is 
not complicated but very tedious. It would require a long time 
and a large amount of manpower.” 


“I understand.” Klein nodded lightly. 


Detective Henry pondered for a moment and said, “Seven 
pounds. The price for this job would be seven pounds. In 
addition, you have to give me at least two weeks.” 


“Alright. Second, help me find this gentleman and find out his 
identity. The only thing I know is that he occasionally appears at 
the Evil Dragon Bar near the harbor borough. And he must not 
detect any men you send. He is very sensitive and he has 
terrifying observational skills.” Klein took out the second 
portrait. 


He intended to get in touch with a member of the Psychology 
Alchemists to see if he could find any valuable information and 
materials. For example, perhaps a formula that could be 
exchanged with Justice? 


“Three pounds, such a mission would cost about three or four 
pounds. Your outstanding drawing skills will help my assistant 
and I save time,” Detective Henry replied skillfully. 


“Ten pounds in total?” Klein found the price upsetting. 


Detective Henry took a puff on his pipe and said, “Yes, and you 
need to put a deposit of two pounds. When there’s progress, 
you'll need to pay another three to five pounds. The rest of the 
payment can be made when the mission is completed.” 


“Then I shall come next week to check on your progress.” Klein 
didn’t haggle over the price to prevent the observant detective 
from remembering any of his characteristics. 


After they signed a standard contract, he took out two one-pound 
notes and passed them to the detective. He only had one pound 
and seventeen soli left from his savings. 


As Detective Henry watched the man wearing a gauze mask and 
a black trench coat with its collar raised leave in a hurry, he had 
a suspicious look in his eyes as he smoked his pipe. 


Why is he looking for a house that has that kind of chimney? 


He must be an artist, or at least a professional sketch artist of 
some sort... 


In the afternoon, in Viscount Glaint’s luxurious mansion. 


Audrey, with her maidservant in tow, followed etiquette and 
passed her hand to the host. She looked at him giving her hand a 
quick peck. 


“your beauty accentuates my salon,” Glaint first gave a 
compliment as usual. Then, he lowered his voice and said, “That 
lady is already here. She’s a Beyonder and also an author.” 


Chapter 107: Fors 


“Author?” Audrey asked casually as she observed Glaint’s 
reaction. 


Subsequently, she didn’t have to mind the presence of her 
maidservant, Annie, since they chatted about ordinary topics. 


Glaint straightened his body and chuckled. 


“yes, I believe that you have read her works in the past. She 
wrote the book, Stormwind Mountain Villa, which was highly 
acclaimed for the past two months.” 


“I enjoyed that book, especially the calm Lady Sissi,” Audrey 
replied with a faint smile. 


Meanwhile, she was rolling her eyes at her own hypocrisy 
inwardly. 


That was because her latest hobby had nothing to do with 
novels. She had stopped reading Stormwind Mountain Villa a 
month ago, her progress stopped at the one-third mark. 


Ever since she joined the Tarot Club and acquainted herself with 
the powerful Fool, and became a real Beyonder, she had been 
immersing herself in mysticism knowledge. She had been 
systematically learning about psychology and had lost interest 
in other activities. 


Smiling, Glaint guided Audrey to a sofa in the hall. 


“Iam sure that Miss Fors Wall will leave a good impression on 
you, for she is just like Stormwind Mountain Villa’s Lady Sissi— 
calm, intellectual, and lazy. 


“Also, my dear Miss Audrey, are you going to play the piano for 
us later? That is the greatest compliment for a novel and 
literature.” 


Audrey looked at the side profile of Glaint’s face. His expression, 
tone, and body language all conveyed his intention to flaunt 
himself. 


He wants to use me to show off... Audrey thought to herself, as if 
she had just met this good friend of hers for the first time. 


She maintained her elegant smile and said, “My music teacher, 
Mr. Vicanell the pianist, said that my standards have 
deteriorated recently and needs more practice.” 


“Alright.” Glaint was just about wondering what to say when he 
suddenly saw a lady taking desserts from the long table. 
“Audrey, this is Miss Fors Wall, the author of Stormwind 
Mountain Villa.” 


Audrey looked over. Miss Fors Wall was about 23 years old and 
1.65 meters in height. She was wearing a pale yellow dress with 
frills. Her brown hair was slightly curly. She looked over with 
her pale blue eyes as Glaint introduced her while wearing a 
smile that appeared ruminative. 


Audrey had noticed several small details in the less than three 
seconds of observation. 


There are faint traces of yellow on Miss Fors’s fingers... She likes 
cigarettes... 


There are obvious calluses on her fingers at spots used to hold a 
pen, fitting her identity as an author... 


Her arm movements show that she has decent strength. This is not 
a quality expected of an author, unless she is passionate about 
exercising. Perhaps she was born like this, or she might have 
engaged in some other occupation in the past... 


She displayed her calm, rational, and precise style in Stormwind 
Mountain Villa. This must be linked to her previous occupation... 


Her eyes and emotions are relaxed, giving me the feeling that she 
is looking down on me and Glaint. Is this the psychological 
superiority a Beyonder has over an ordinary human? 


If it was a coincidence that Glaint discovered her identity as a 
Beyonder, then she should feel some anxiety and uneasiness. After 
all, she is unable to guess his reaction and what he would do next 
since the unknown alwaus brings about fear. 


This indicates that she was the one who voluntarily approached 
Glaint, having learned about our hobbies. She must be quite 
confident about what is going to happen next... 


Why would a Beyonder approach Glaint? Does she need monetary 
support, or the Beyonder ingredients stored in the treasury? Or 
perhaps she needs help with something... 


At this moment, Glaint was introducing Audrey to Fors. 


“Madam, this is the Miss Audrey that I mentioned previously, 
the most dazzling jewel in all of Backlund. Her father is Earl Hall, 
a trusted aide of His Majesty and respected member of the 
cabinet. 


“Good afternoon, Madam Fors. Stormwind Mountain Villa is still 
seated by my bed to this very day.” Audrey adhered to the rules of 
the aristocracy and curtsied. 


But she added silently, That’s because I haven’t finished reading it 
even after a month... 


Fors returned the niceties simply and said, “Good afternoon Miss 
Audrey, your beauty sure leaves an impression. I think that I 
already have an idea for my next novel. Heh, Viscount Glaint 
said that you have exceptional talents in music.” 


They merely exchanged praises as they were in public. 


After watching Fors continue towards the dining table as she 
targeted a cream cake, Audrey retracted her gaze and headed to 
the living room with Glaint. 


She recalled the details she had seen just now and tried to figure 
the motives of the woman. She wanted to gain some advantage 
in future conversations. 


As she took a step forward, Audrey, who was as calm as an 
objective Spectator, stepped on her dress and nearly fell. 


At this moment, her personal maidservant, Annie, caught her, 
allowing her to maintain her grace. 


“Miss, the unique design of this dress means that you cannot 
walk too quickly,” Annie pulled close to Audrey’s ear and 
reminded her softly. 


“I know.” Audrey nodded in reply, her face flushed red. 


I was too absorbed in observing others that I forgot to look at 
where I was placing my foot... she silently complained in 
resentment. 


Audrey met with many other esteemed authors, critics, and 
musicians for the rest of the salon, always maintaining her 
sweet, elegant smile. 


Finally, after her facial muscles began turning sore, she saw 
Viscount Glaint’s signal. 


She waited for a few minutes and gave the excuse of needing to 
use the washroom. She lifted her dress and stood up slowly to 
leave the salon. 


After confirming that there was no one tailing her, she made her 
way to the study on the first level and told her maidservant 
Annie, “I have something to discuss with Glaint. Guard the door 
for me. Do not let anyone enter.” 


“Alright.” Annie didn’t feel that the request was strange, for she 
knew that Audrey and Viscount Glaint shared similar hobbies 
and would often discuss mysticism in a private setting. 


Audrey entered the study and locked the door. She saw Glaint 
seated behind the desk while playing with a pen. Fors Wall was 
standing in front of the bookshelf, nonchalantly flipping through 


a book. 


“Tll introduce you both again. Madam Fors, a true Beyonder.” 
Glaint put down his pen and walked over. 


“Is that so?” Audrey intentionally exaggerated her feelings of 
doubt. 


Fors returned the book to its original position and turned around 
with a smile. 


“It looks like I have to prove myself.” 


She walked over to the door and extended her right palm, 
grabbing the handle of the door. 


Suddenly, Audrey’s vision blurred. It was as if she witnessed 
Madam Fors turn incorporeal as she passed through the door. 


She was shocked. Concentrating, she realized that Fors was no 
longer standing in her original position. 


A few seconds later, the door handle turned. The locked door was 
opened just like that. Fors Wall smiled as she walked in from the 
outside. Audrey’s maid, Annie, who was not far away, didn’t 
seem to be aware of what had happened. 


“What a magical ability!” Glaint exclaimed. 


Audrey took in a deep breath and said, “I have no more doubts.” 


At the same time, the ability Fors had displayed allowed Audrey 
to confirm what her true motives were, since acquiring money 
or materials would be no trouble for a Beyonder like that. 


Glaint doesn’t have any Beyonder guards... Fors wants to use the 
statuses and resources available to Glaint and I to achieve 
something? Audrey tried her hardest to act as a Spectator. 


Fors chortled and said, “Let us interact with honesty. We do not 
have much time left.” 


“I was once a doctor at a clinic and was given an opportunity to 
become a Beyonder. That was more than two years ago.” 


“I hope that you can do something for me, and the reward I will 
give you is allow you to join the ranks of true Beyonders. I will 
sell you the formula of a particular Sequence potion and its 
corresponding materials.” 


Upon hearing such a promise, Glaint could not help but ask, 
“What do you want us to do?” 


“I have a partner who’s in jail now, awaiting the final verdict. I 
hope that you can save her, regardless of the methods used,” Fors 
said simply. 


Audrey frowned. 


“Madam Fors, the abilities you have demonstrated should be 
better suited for the task...” 


Fors laughed and shook her head. 


“No, that is not the case. She cannot pass through the places that 
Ican.Ican only go in regularly and chat with her. 


“Also, I think that risking my life to save her is not a good idea. 
Life is short, but there is much for us to do.” 


Audrey observed Fors’s face and body language. She considered 
her words before asking, “I understand. What crime is your 
partner being locked up for?” 


Fors’s expression immediately turned a little awkward. 


“My partner is a very respected person who can make others 
comply from the bottom of their hearts. She is of good character 
and kind. Well... Uh... It was that the means she used to convince 
a thug was a little over the top...” 


After handing out the mission, Klein followed his original 
schedule of mysticism lessons in the morning and combat 
lessons in the afternoon. The regularity of his life almost made 
him forget that he was a member of the Nighthawks. The ‘curse’ 
of often encountering supernatural incidents seemed to 
disappear as well. 


It was Saturday, his turn to guard Chanis Gate. 


“you can enjoy the coffee I left here or the black tea in the clerk’s 
office.” Dunn surveyed the room with his deep gray eyes. 


Klein, who had already given an excuse to his siblings, nodded in 


joy. 


“Alright Captain. You sure are a generous gentleman.” 


Dunn laughed. 


“Those will help you relax. Being tense all the time is not good 
for your health.” 


He took his hat and cane and walked toward the door. 


As he was exiting the door, he suddenly turned around and said, 
“I forgot to remind you; do not open Chanis Gate no matter what 
you hear, unless it is opened from the inside. 


“Remember, no matter what you hear, no matter what happens.” 


Captain, that’s a little scary... Klein tensed up instantly. He felt 
the darkness of the basement triumph over the light of the gas 
lamp. 


Chapter 108: Deep Into The Night 


Despite not being dawn yet, the well-ventilated but quiet and 
dark underground was illuminated by gas lamps. The dim 
yellow light emitted from the gas lamps were protected by glass, 
allowing them to steadily shine throughout the empty and quiet 
tunnel. 


Klein sat in the duty room and casually flipped through the 
newspapers, magazines, and books piled before him. He directed 
some of his attention outside, to prevent anyone from charging 
inside the Chanis Gate. 


His trench coat and top hat were hung on the clothes rack near 
the entrance while his cane was leaning against the wall where 
it could be easily retrieved. 


The rich aroma of coffee filled the air, and Klein couldn’t help 
but take a whiff. He massaged his temples to fight against the 
heavy head feeling he was experiencing and the weariness of his 
body. 


As a college student back on Earth, he often slept at five in the 
morning and woke up at noon. In the past two to three years of 
his working life, he often stayed up all night, to the point of 
being able to attend work energetically the next day. However, it 
was all thanks to the games that were too exhilarating, novels 
that were too interesting, television shows and movies that were 
too entertaining. 


This world obviously didn’t possess any of the necessities needed 
for staying up all night. 


“Seriously, Emperor Roselle. If you want to posture, do it 
properly. Pour your limited life into an unlimited enterprise. 
Lead the people of this world into the information age!” Klein 
muttered silently. He could only console himself that there were 
at least newspapers, magazines, and increasingly interesting 
novels. 


At first, he wanted to focus on his studies to restrain his 
sleepiness. However, practically speaking, it conflicted with his 
duty. Once he entered that state, he would easily overlook any 
movements outside and any changes to the situation at the 
Chanis Gate. 


Phew. Klein picked up his coffee cup and carefully blew at it. 


He took a sip and let the fragrant taste swish around his mouth 
before letting the liquid slowly flow down his throat. 


“Fermo Coffee from the Paz Valley, very bitter but very 
refreshing,” Klein gave a compliment and put down his coffee 
cup. 


The Paz Valley was located in the Southern Continent, a region 
that produced high-quality coffee beans. It was currently being 
fought over by the Intis Republic and the Loen Kingdom. They 
both built colonist settlements on the left and right banks of the 
Paz Valley, and had destroyed the original Paz Kingdom. 


In the eerie silence, Klein casually picked up a magazine and 
realized that it was Ladies Aesthetic, which talked about fashion 
and dating. 


“This must be from Rozanne...” he murmured in amusement as 
he flipped through it with his interest piqued. 


Maybe it was due to the sudden advancement of camera 
technology in the past decade or so, not only did the magazine 
use a lot of illustrations, it even used monochrome pictures as 
their content—just like the newspapers. 


They fashionably invited the famous play and musical actors to 
model the charms and the magical pairing of the clothing. Ina 
short span of seven years, the new regional Backlund magazine 
became a mainstream magazine that spread across the nation. 


“The dress looks nice, she’s pretty too...” Klein flipped through it 
casually and didn’t hide his aesthetic inclinations. 


He was a man that had matured normally both in body and 
mind. He had always appreciated beautiful ladies, but he had 
long set his goal—to find a way home. Hence, he tried his best to 
keep his distance from the opposite sex, so that he didn’t waste 
the other person’s time or leave behind any emotional baggage. 


As for streetwalkers, he was quite a germaphobe in that aspect. 


Benson and Melissa were already shackles that couldn’t be 
removed. He could only find the means to make it up to them in 
the future... Klein suddenly felt his heart heavy and he couldn't 
help but let out a sigh. 


The further he strayed away from home, the more he felt 
melancholic during quiet late nights. 


He suddenly lost his interest in looking at beautiful women and 
put down the magazine in his hands. He picked up a novel 
instead. 


“Stormwind Mountain Villa, author, Fors Wall,” Klein read the 
content on the cover. 


The tranquil night, dim yellow light, and the leatherbound book 
reminded him of his younger days when he rented books. Hence, 
he continued to read simply because of nostalgia. 


Stormwind Mountain Villa was a novel about Lady Sissi, who 
was 1.65 meters tall and weighed ninety-eight pounds. It was a 
story of her embarking as a home tutor in the Fruys Mountain 
Villa. 


“One pound is about half a kilogram... Is this Jane Eyre of an 
alternate world?” Klein caressed his fingers against the smooth 
paper as he began making guesses of the subsequent content. 


However, just as he thought it was a romance novel, an evil 
spirit emerged in the story. When he believed that it was a ghost 
story, Lady Sissi revealed herself as a detective and made a 
marvelous deduction. 


Just as Klein felt that it was definitely a detective novel, the 
main male character took a heavy blow to the head and lost his 
memory. Then, it became a heart-rending drama. 


“In the end, it’s still a romance book.” Klein closed the book and 
drank a mouthful of coffee. 


Thump! 


Thump! Thump! Thump! 


A ferocious knocking was suddenly heard as it reverberated in 
the dim and quiet empty corridor. 


Klein jumped in shock as he immediately turned tense. 


He instinctively drew his revolver from his underarm holster, 
adjusted the cylinder and hammer. Then, he slowly walked to 
the door and looked for the source of the sound. 


Thump! Thump! Thump! 


Bang! Bang! Bang! 


The thumping became more and more intense. Klein looked in 
the direction of the sound and saw the black outward-swinging 
gates that were engraved with seven Sacred Emblems. 


“Sounds from beyond the Chanis Gate?” He squinted his eyes and 
his heart was beating like a drum. 


Bang! Bang! Bang! 


Klein saw Chanis Gate shake gently, and he sensed the massive 
impact it was withstanding. 


“It can’t be, right... Pm encountering something on my first day 
on duty? Did I get an unlucky constitution after I 
transmigrated?” Klein’s right hand broke into cold sweat as it 
held the revolver. 


Very soon, he recalled the Captain’s instruction: do not open 


Chanis Gate no matter what you hear, unless it is opened from 
the inside. 


Uh, could this be a normal phenomenon? Klein suddenly calmed 
down. 


Bang! Bang! Bang! Thump! Thump! Thump! The commotion 
beyond the Chanis Gate grew in intensity, but the heavy black 
metal gates only shook. Otherwise, it didn’t show any unusual 
signs. 


“This is normal. I nearly died from the shock...” Klein muttered, 
before he prepared to return to the duty room. 


Just then, he heard a sharp grinding noise. He looked at the 
heavy Chanis Gate bulging outwards as a crack appeared on in 
its surface! 


Zing! 


In the jarring noise, Klein’s almost fixed eyes saw a figure. Its 
height was about the length of a man’s arm, and it was wearing 
a classic, black, miniaturized regal gown. There was an obvious 
stain on the gown. 


It had a not-so-exquisite face, black eyes, and tightly sealed lips. 


It was a cloth puppet, a toy cloth puppet! 


At that moment, when Klein was about to subconsciously raised 
his gun to take aim, the cloth puppet leaned heavily into the 
crack in Chanis Gate and unfurled the paper it was holding. 


There were many symbols that represented concealment on the 
paper, some that Klein knew and some that he had yet to learn. 
Together, they formed a vertical eye! 


Klein had yet to understand the situation when the regal- 
gowned puppet was suddenly dragged back by a shapeless force 
to the back of Chanis Gate! 


Creak! 


Chanis Gate closed once again, with no more knocking or 
pounding sounds. 


The basement regained its tranquility and silence as though 
nothing had happened. 


“I have to inform Captain that Chanis Gate was opened from the 
inside... But it closed itself...” At that moment, Klein’s mental 
facilities returned to him as he felt alarm, fear, and doubt. 


A few seconds later, he recalled what the cloth puppet was. Since 
he was an official member of the Nighthawks, he was given the 
clearance to know about the Grade 3 Sealed Artifact sealed 
behind Chanis Gate. 


“Number: 0625. 


“Name: Misfortune Cloth Puppet. 


“Danger Grade: 3. Considerably dangerous. It has to be used 
carefully. It can only be requested for operations that require 
three or more people. 


“Security classification: Official Nighthawk member or above. 


“Sealing method: Only needs to be separated from humans. 


“Description: The cloth puppet is wearing a regal gown which 
was popular in around the year 1300. The gown has a stain that 
is almost impossible to remove. It is uncertain if the stain was 
present from the very beginning. 


“In a few tragic cases of individual family financial crises 
recorded in Tingen, the police noticed the existence of the 
puppet. It was always placed in the children’s bedroom, on the 
side table next to the bed. 


“A few Nighthawks accepted the request and started an 
investigation on the puppet. 


“The initial evaluation determined that it brought misfortune, 
causing people around it to be unlucky and find themselves in 
danger. Finally, they would die one after another. It only took 
two weeks for the tester to reach the brink of bankruptcy. 


“The puppet doesn’t have any living traits. It doesn’t have any 
inclinations of escaping the seal. 


“Through extended periods of experimentation, we discovered 
that as long as one does not come within ten meters of it for 
more than half an hour a day, one wouldn’t be tainted with 
misfortune. If misfortune has befallen someone, the person will 
immediately have his situation turn for the better as long as the 
misfortune is transferred to another person. 


“Appendix: The puppet first appeared in the house of an old lady, 


Tess, who lived in the Lower Street of Iron Cross Street. She was a 
toymaker. Due to old age and her husband’s severe illness, with 
both her children passing on early, she had no choice but to 
move to the Iron Cross Street’s Lower Street. 


“This was the last toy she sold. She exchanged the puppet for 
some poison hemlock and ended her and her husband’s lives, 
having starved for more than three days.” 


As Klein recalled the information of Sealed Artifact 3-0625, he felt 
even more doubtful and horrified. 


Didn’t it say the puppet doesn’t have living traits? Didn’t it say 
that it doesn’t have any inclinations of escaping the seal? 


What did I see just now!? 


What dragged it back in the end? 


The symbol that was drawn on the paper that it unfurled, what 
does it mean? 


That scene earlier was like how a psychotic murderer deals with 
his victim as the victim slams on the gates heavily and cries for 
help desperately, only to be dragged back... 


While these thoughts flooded him, Klein decided not to make 
any decision on his own. 


He returned to the duty room and pulled a rope. 


The rope tightened, the gear spun, and there was suddenly a 
hurried ringtone that rang on the second floor of the Blackthorn 
Security Company. 


Leonard Mitchell and the other Sleepless who were playing cards 
in the recreation room immediately put down their poker cards 
and ran to the basement. 


Chapter 108: Deiluction 


The sound of running footsteps entered Klein’s ears, calming 
him down as he stood at the entrance of the guard room. 


Leonard arrived first, holding a revolver. He asked in a solemn 
voice, “What happened?” 


Watching Leonard struggle to stop, Klein suddenly thought of 
something that Rozanne had mentioned in the past. Three years 
ago, Leonard, who had just become a Sleepless, tried to run down 
the flight of stairs despite not having adapted to the potion’s 
power, causing him to fall and roll down. 


With a cough, Klein pointed at Chanis Gate and said, “There was 
a knocking noise from the inside, which then became a loud 
slamming noise. Then the door was pushed open a little.” 


“Chanis Gate was pushed open?” the short Kenley asked in 
shock. 


“Yes, a slit was opened.” Klein continued his description. He saw 
that Leonard, Kenley, and Royale had stopped approaching the 
guard room, instead forming an arc formation a few steps away, 
loosely surrounding Klein. 


He paused for a moment before asking, “Are you suspicious of 
me?” 


“No, it isn’t suspicion. This is protocol.” Kenley shook his head. 


In this tense atmosphere, Leonard maintained his flippant 
attitude, laughing as he added, “There have been incidents like 
this in other churches. The Beyonder guarding Chanis Gate lost 
control and pulled the bell before killing two teammates who 
came to help.” 


“Alright.” Klein no longer felt angry and aggrieved at being 
ostracized. Instead, he asked, “Then how should I prove that I 
haven't lost control?” 


Leonard wiped away his flippant smile and tapped his chest four 
times. With a hoarse voice, he recited softly, “Lacking clothes 
and food, they have no shelter in the cold. 


“They are drenched by rains, and huddle around the rocks for 
lack of shelter. 


“They are orphans snatched from the breast, hope lost on them; 
they are the poor that have been forced off the proper path. 


“The Evernight did not forsake them, but bestowed them with 
love.” 


The holy, yet pitiful prayer reverberated around the basement, 
making the bodies, hearts, and souls of everyone present feel 
purified and tranquil. 


Seeing Klein not display any abnormal reactions, Leonard 
stopped his recital and smiled. 


“There’s no problem. You are still our trusted partner.” 


Madam Royale, who had been quiet all this time, looked at 
Chanis Gate and asked, “What did you see when the gate was 
pushed open?” 


“I saw a Misfortune Cloth Puppet, the one wearing the black 
classic regal gown, 3-0625,” Klein replied, still a little fearful. “But 
three seconds later, a formless power pulled it back and Chanis 
Gate was closed once again. What’s going on?” 


Leonard, Kenley, and Royale exchanged looks. 


“Heh heh, we are in the same boat as you. We don’t know the 
true cause. But since Chanis Gate is closed once again and there’s 
nothing unusual, we shouldn’t enter it at this time. We have to 
wait till dawn for the Captain.” 


Royale calmly added, “I will wait here and guard the gate with 
you.” 


“Alright.” Leonard moved his hand and gave a bantering laugh. 
“As the most powerful person here, I shall stay too. Kenley, 
return to the second floor just in case the police department has 
an emergency case and cannot open the door.” 


Kenley didn’t say much, he just nodded immediately and left. 


Leonard glanced at Klein and Royale. 


“Perhaps we can continue our card game? It’s best to have some 
sort of entertainment in circumstances like this, to relax.” 


“No problem.” Klein adjusted his revolver and put it back into his 
underarm holster. Royale didn’t voice an opinion, but instead 
stroked her smooth, black hair as she entered the guard room. 


While playing Fighting the Landlord, no—Fighting Evil, Klein 
said casually, “Misfortune Cloth Puppet, I mean 3-0625, according 
to its description, doesn’t have any living traits...” 


“Haha, three aces.” Leonard showed his hand and replied with 
the same casual tone, “In the past forty years, 3-0625 hasn’t 
displayed any life-like characteristics. We can first assume that 
the information is correct and make our assumptions based on 
that.” 


“Pass. You already have an idea?” Royale asked simply. 


As Klein hesitated to think about whether he should throw his 
three deuces, Leonard took a sip of his freshly brewed coffee and 
said, “Yes, since 3-0625 shouldn’t have any life-like 
characteristics, then its actions today must have been influenced 
by some other factor. This factor must also be rather recent; 
otherwise, we would’ve observed this phenomenon a long time 


” 


ago. 


“Has there been anything different about Chanis Gate over the 
last month?” 


Royale saw Klein toss his three deuces and pondered for a few 
seconds. 


“There is only one thing different; the Antigonus family’s 
notebook and the Sealed Artifact 2-049 was stored behind Chanis 
Gate for a night.” 


Leonard looked at the cards in his hand and as he tapped the 
table, he said with a smile, “If 2-049 can make the Misfortune 
Cloth Puppet act abnormally, then something similar should 
have happened behind Backlund’s Chanis Gate a long time ago. 
So I suspect that the problem lies with the Antigonus family’s 
notebook.” 


Klein thought for a moment and nodded. 


“That is the most likely explanation... Leonard, I never expected 
you to be this good at deduction.” 


Typically speaking, being a romantic poet and a person with 
excellent deductive skills was mutually exclusive... 


“That’s because he’s recently into detective novels,” Royale 
explained indifferently. “Two Kings, a straight from 8 to King. 
Does no one want it? Three 6’s and no more.” 


Upon seeing this, Klein and Leonard fell silent. 


Having not been concentrating on the game, they forget 
something important. 


Royale was the ‘Evil’ in this round! 


Watching Royale cut the deck, Klein took the opportunity to ask, 
“Then what power pulled 3-0625 back?” 


Leonard glanced at him and chuckled. 


“Do you really think that the defensive mechanisms behind 
Chanis Gate only consists of the buried sealed chamber and a 
few elderly keepers? 


“In reality, when the sun sets fully, the keepers would have 
already left Chanis Gate and returned to Saint Selena Cathedral. 


“The power in the gate is strongest at night and is no longer safe 
for any living creature. The power only weakens when the sun 
rises again. That is also why the Captain asked us not to enter 
Chanis Gate no matter what we hear.” 


In other words, the Captain had forgotten to tell me the reason... 
Klein thought for a bit before asking, “Defensive mechanisms 
such as nexus formations?” 


Like magnified versions of amulets and charms? 


“yes.” Royale nodded as she stroked the edge of her cards. “There 
is a reason that Chanis Gates are placed in the central cathedral 
of each city. The gate is maintained by the followers that go to 
these churches every day. Their sincere prayers allow a part of 
their spirituality to enter the nexus formations, and from small 
contributions comes abundance.” 


“I see...” Klein nodded as he saw that he had a lousy hand. 


At that moment, Leonard laughed and said, “There isn’t just one 
defensive mechanism behind Chanis Gate. Saint Selena’s ashes 
are buried inside. She was a High-Sequence Beyonder when she 
was still alive.” 


The ashes of Saint Selena? Ashes of a High-Sequence Beyonder? 


Sacred ashes? What use do those have? Klein was as puzzled as 
he was curious. 


Saint Selena was a devotee when the Church of Evernight was 
being established. She was active during the Third Epoch and her 
deeds were written in many holy scriptures. Thus, Saint Selena 
was a fairly commonly-used name among the commoners who 
believed in the Evernight Goddess. 


Leonard seemed to read Klein’s mind as he continued, “Rumors 
suggest that the skeleton or ashes of High-Sequence Beyonders 
still contain incredible power. Of course, those are just rumors.” 


Klein nodded, focusing his attention on the cards in his hand. 


There were no unusual incidents in Chanis Gate for the next few 
hours, but Klein lost exactly two soli. It pained his heart, but 
Leonard, who fully expressed his romantic poetic vibes while 
playing, lost four soli and five pence, leaving Royale as the 
undisputed winner. 


“The sun has just risen, it’s my turn.” The quiet Author, Madam 
Seeka Tron entered the guard room at six. 


Klein wrote the incident he encountered the previous night into 
the record book and returned to the Blackthorn Security 
Company with Leonard and Royale. 


He felt unusually exhausted, but the Midnight Poet and Sleepless 
beside him remained energetic. 


This is the difference between the different Sequences... Klein was 
just about to make his way past the partition and catch up on 


some sleep at home when he suddenly saw the Captain enter. 


“Good morning, Captain.” He couldn’t help but yawn when he 
greeted him. 


Dunn, who was in a black trench coat, took off his hat and 
looked at him with his gray eyes. 


“Good morning. You should head back home for some rest. Did 
anything happen last night?” 


Klein immediately gave a succinct summary of the incident 
regarding the Misfortune Cloth Puppet and Leonard’s deduction. 


“Okay.” Dunn didn’t give his opinion. He concentrated on making 
his way to his office. “I will send a telegraph to the Holy 
Cathedral.” 


Klein didn’t stay any longer. He slowly walked out of 36 
Zouteland Street and breathed in the cool morning air. 


He felt a little more energized, suddenly remembering 
something he had forgotten all this time. 


I forgot to tell the Captain and the rest about the piece of paper in 
the Misfortune Cloth Puppet’s hands! 


How could I have forgotten? 


It was as if some power was influencing me, stopping me from 
telling this to the other Nighthawks... 


It has been some time since the Antigonus family’s notebook was 
present at Chanis Gate. The Misfortune Cloth Puppet 3-0625 should 
have been affected long ago. Why did it only show abnormal 
behavior last night? 


Was it because it was the first time I was on shift at Chanis Gate? 


It used all of its power to show me the picture on the paper? 


What is the motive of the Antigonus family’s notebook? 


Has it got to do with my survival despite making contact with it? 
And that I became a Seer? 


Many suspicions flashed through Klein’s brain, rooting him to 
the spot. He was unsure if he should pretend that he didn’t 
remember anything and make his way home to sleep, or head 
up and report it to the Captain. 


Chapter 110: Confirmation 


After thinking for a while, Klein decided to return home to 
confirm something. 


He believed that if the Misfortune Cloth Puppet hadn't 
intentionally shown him the picture on the paper, then the 
Captain and the rest would definitely find traces in their follow- 
up investigations. It wouldn’t matter much if he reported it or 
not. 


If it were the converse, it was something worth careful 
consideration. 


That was also what Klein wanted to confirm. 


He took the trackless public carriage to Daffodil Street. When he 
returned home, his brother Benson and his sister Melissa had 
yet to wake up, since it was Sunday. The living room was dark 
and quiet. 


Klein boiled a kettle of water, threw in some tea leaves, and 
drank it with wheat bread. Then he took his coat, hat, and cane 
towards the stairs. 


He subconsciously lightened his footsteps to avoid making any 
loud noises. 


Just as he got to the second floor, he saw the bathroom door 
suddenly open, and Melissa, who was wearing an old dress, 
came out with a sleepy face. 


“you're home...” Melissa was rubbing her eyes sleepily. 


Klein covered his mouth and yawned. 


“Yeah, I need to crash. Don’t wake me up before lunch.” 


Melissa tersely acknowledged when she suddenly recalled 
something. 


“Benson and I are going to Saint Selena Cathedral pray and 
attend Mass in the morning. Lunch might be slightly later.” 


As not-so-devoted believers of the Evernight Goddess, she and 
Benson went to the church once a fortnight, while Klein, who 
was a Nighthawk, hadn’t entered the church since the last time 
he was followed by the member of the Secret Order. 


No, I’m at the cathedral every day, just that I’m in the cathedral’s 
basement... Klein justified himself subconsciously. 


He was currently most worried that the Goddess would abandon 
him as a fake believer. If his ritualistic magic didn’t respond at 
crucial times, he would be in big trouble. 


But then, when one considers Old Neil, the Goddess is quite 
forgiving towards the Nighthawks. Hmm. That’s right! Klein 
comforted himself. 


His scattered thoughts flashed past him, and he looked at 
Melissa. He nodded and smiled. 


“No problem. I can sleep longer then.” 


Walking past Melissa, he entered his bedroom and locked the 
door behind him. 


Immediately following that, he psyched himself up and took out 
the ritual dagger and created a sealed spirituality wall. 


He took four steps counterclockwise while reciting the 
incantation and withstood the chaotic roars before appearing 
above the gray fog. 


In the illusionary boundless world, he was the only living spirit 
sitting on the seat of honor at the long bronze table. 


For nearly a minute of silence, Klein conjured a piece of goatskin 
parchment and wrote down a divination incantation. 


“The picture that the Misfortune Cloth Puppet displayed.” 


Although Klein had seen the mysterious picture on the paper 
clearly for a split moment last night, he only managed to 
remember the rough shape of the picture due to his anxiety. But 
that wasn’t a problem for a Seer; he could reproduce anything he 
remembered and had seen once! 


According to mysticism theory, one’s spirituality could 
remember everything they had seen. As long as they possessed 
the appropriate method, they could reproduce the scene 
whenever they wished. 


Klein even felt that the theory that Spirit Medium Daly described 


regarding the Psychology Alchemists made sense. Human 
memory was merely islands that were exposed above the sea; it 
couldn’t withstand much. Hence, a person’s spiritual essence 
remembered most of the information and turned it into the 
subconscious, which formed the entire ocean. 


While spirituality itself, even if it wasn’t the entire ocean, also 
included the entire sea region surrounding the island. 


After reciting the divination incantation, Klein leaned backwards 
and fell asleep through Cogitation. 


In the blurry, distorted, separated world, he saw Chanis Gate 
crack open once again as he heard the heavy grinding noises. 


The puppet in the black classic regal gown leaned into the 
opening of the door and unfurled the paper that it was holding. 


On the piece of paper, there were many mysterious symbols that 
collectively formed a vertical eye. 


Klein carefully observed the picture before exiting the dream. 
Then, with the aid of the uniqueness of the world above the gray 
fog and the memory that had yet to fade, he expressed the image 
on the brown parchment. 


The vertical eye looked up at him, looking both sinister and 
mysterious. 


Klein thought and wrote below the eye, “This is key to the 
treasure that the Antigonus family left behind.” 


Putting down the pen, he untied the silver chain that was wound 
inside his sleeve. As he held it with his left hand, the topaz 
pendulum stably hung above the divination statement and the 
mysterious vertical eye. There weren't any obvious movements. 


Klein closed his eyes and recited the sentence with his mind 
cleared. 


After seven times, he opened his eyes and saw the topaz 
spinning in small circles in a clockwise fashion along with the 
silver chain. 


That meant affirmation. 


The vertical eye picture is really key to the treasure that the 
Antigonus family left behind... Klein nodded in deep thought. 


He tapped his fingers on the edge of the long bronze table and 
muttered to himself, “Because of Ray Bieber’s death, there are no 
descendants of the Antigonus family left. Hence, the notebook 
views me, the Seer that interacted with it but remains alive, as 
its inheritor? 


“It affected 3-0625 and left the key to the treasure with it, only to 
show it to me during my shift at Chanis Gate? 


“There doesn’t seem to be any problem with the logic, but it still 
doesn’t seem very convincing. 


“How could the notebook be sure that there are no more 
descendants of the Antigonus family? 


“And I am totally unrelated to that family... If I shared their 
bloodline, the original Klein wouldn’t have committed suicide to 
begin with. 


“Hmm, it doesn’t seem to matter if I tell this to the Captain and 
the team. Let me look into this.” 


Klein then divined the location of the Antigonus family’s 
treasure. But, unsurprisingly, there was no detailed information. 
Just like in the letter that Sirius wrote to Mr. Z, Klein could only 
be certain that the treasure was related to the main peak of the 
Hornacis mountain range and the ancient Nation of the 
Evernight. 


After he finished divining all the matters, Klein noticed that the 
crimson star from which he had previously heard prayers was 
producing a faint fluctuation again. 


He used the method of answering prayers and touched the 
illusory star. He saw the brown-haired young man who wore the 
unique black tight suit again. 


The young man was kneeling on the ground, facing the pure 
crystal ball, still muttering about something. 


Klein, who had purposely learned some Jotun, finally understood 
one of the sentences. 


“Pray... Save... Father and Mother.” 


It really is Jotun... Where in the world is Jotun still used? That’s 
an ancient antique that is thousands of years old... What a pity; 
the mysterious ruler above the gray fog is totally powerless. I 


don’t have the ability to save them even if I want to... Klein shook 
his head and sighed. He decided to observe him for a little 
longer. 


I'll see what I can do when I master more Jotun vocabulary and 
can understand what happened to his father and mother... Klein 
retracted his spirituality, wrapped it around himself, and 
initiated a descent. 


When he returned to his bedroom, he dispelled the spirituality 
wall, changed into old but comfortable clothing, and laid down 
on the bed to get some sleep. 


Klein slept all the way till half-past twelve, which was when 
Melissa finished preparing lunch and came knocking on the 
door. 


After having a fairly sumptuous meal, he saw Melissa bring out 
her new dress and fishnet hat, looking like she was going out. 


“Do you still have something this afternoon?” Klein asked, 
puzzled. 


Benson was seated on the sofa, knitting his eyebrows at his 
grammar books. He didn’t lift his head but answered on her 
behalf, “Mrs. Shaud from next door told Melissa that there will 
be a lecture regarding family affairs in the municipal hall in the 
afternoon. Melissa plans to attend it and learn how to deal with 
daily household issues.” 


Melissa nodded and said, “I got Selena and Elizabeth to join me.” 


“That’s nice. I hope that the lecturer tells you that a family like 


us needs to hire at least one maidservant,” Klein joked. 


Noticing that Melissa was about to refute him, he immediately 
added, “We have to invest our limited time into more valuable 
matters.” 


Melissa was stunned. After a while, she puckered her lips, put on 
her fishnet hat, and left the house. 


At two in the afternoon, Klein arrived at the Blackthorn Security 
Company again. 


Rozanne and Dunn Smith, who happened to be in the reception 
hall, asked in unison, “Didn’t you go home and rest?” 


Klein smiled. 


“I was going to go to the Divination Club, but I kept thinking 
about what happened last night, so I decided to come over here 
first. Has there been any reply from the Holy Cathedral?” 


Dunn shot a glance at Rozanne and turned around silently. He 
walked past the partition and entered his office. 


Rozanne pulled her face at his back, then muttered angrily, 
“Seriously, Captain...” 


Well done! Klein complimented silently. He held back his 
laughter and followed Dunn into his office. 


Klein shut the door, and Dunn sniffed his smoking pipe before 
he said, “The Holy Cathedral has determined that the 
disturbance was because of the Antigonus family notebook, 
which they reclassified as a Grade 1 Sealed Artifact. It’s a pity. 
That means that you no longer have the sufficient security 
clearance to read it.” 


Grade 1. Highly dangerous. Only the ranks above bishops and 
Nighthawks team captains can know of the actual situation? That 
also means that Captain has no idea what’s happening... Highly 
dangerous, no wonder... Klein felt regretful yet relaxed. 


Dunn gave him a glance and continued, “The Holy Cathedral told 
us to check if there are any other items behind Chanis Gate that 
were contaminated by the notebook. After verification, only 
3-0625 was abnormal, and we have already changed its seal.” 


“Did you discover anything else?” Klein pretended to ask 
curiously. 


Dunn shook his head. 


“No.” 


Klein nodded in thought. He didn’t continue with the topic. After 
some small talk, he bade farewell and left for the Divination 
Club to continue his ‘journey of digestion’. 


In the municipal hall. 


The three best friends, Melissa, Selena, and Elizabeth, sat near 
the door, waiting for the lecture to begin. 


“If she delivers a bad lecture, we'll sneak out,” Selena suggested 
excitedly. 


Elizabeth immediately agreed, “Let’s go shopping at Harrods.” 


Chapter 114: Letting Slip 


Sometime later, the lecturer, who had relatively high 
cheekbones, walked up the wooden podium. She cleared her 
throat and said, “Good morning, kind, charitable ladies. I am 
Xaviera Hedda. What I am about to share with you today are my 
experiences in managing family expenses. There are three parts, 
the first being how a family with an annual income of a 
hundred pounds should balance food, housing, clothing, and 
employing helpers. The second would be where a family earning 
two hundred pounds yearly should be increasing their 
expenditure to appear more decent...” 


Melissa listened attentively. She had her brothers’ annual 
income at her fingertips. 


It’s already over two hundred pounds... she thought, half in relief 
and half in fear. 


She was relieved and satisfied with her current life, but was also 
afraid that this way of life would vanish in the blink of an eye. 


At this point, the wine red-haired Selena covered her mouth. She 
told her two friends quietly, “She seems to be a believer of the 
Lord of Storms. She’s wearing a Storm badge.” 


Melissa looked over and saw Xaviera wearing a badge depicting 
violent winds and tumultuous waves on her left chest. 


She quickly explained, “Mrs. Shaud who told me about this 
seminar is also a follower of the Lord of Storms. I don’t think it’s 
strange that the speaker is a follower too.” 


“yeah, I don’t think there is a problem here. We are here to learn 
how to budget,” Elizabeth concurred with Melissa. 


“But other than Melissa, we don’t need to, nor do we have the 
right to govern our families’ finances.” Selena pouted. 


Elizabeth rebutted without hesitation, “But we'll get married 
eventually and form our own families.” 


Selena had been a little afraid of Elizabeth after the incident of 
the demon mirror divination. She nodded in embarrassment 
and pretended to listen to the lecture attentively. 


The lecturer, Xaviera, raised her right hand and said, “The 
premise of any form of budgeting is to respect the opinion of the 
man of the household. They are the source of income, the pillar 
of the family. They face anxiety, stress, troubles, and disorder in 
society in order to obtain everything for us. Thus, we have to 
create a serene home, one free from troubles from the outside. 
This will allow them to relax when they come home, allow their 
souls to be cleansed, allow them to be more prepared to face the 
challenges to come... 


“So, as the famous philosopher, sociologist, humanities scholar, 
and economist Mr. Leumi once said, a woman is the angel of a 
household.” 


Selena stroked her cheek and traced her dimples as she 
whispered with a little excitement, “Leumi, the person who said 
that humans are born free?” 


Elizabeth hesitated before answering. “Yes, but he is a believer of 
the Lord of Storms.” 


At this point, the lecturer, Xaviera, continued, “Mr. Leumi also 
informs us that females are innately flawed when it comes to 
intelligence and logic. In that case, unable to judge for 
themselves whether they should accept the judgment of father 
and husband as that of the church....” [1| 


Melissa, Selena, and Elizabeth looked at each other, speechless, 
after hearing such a description. 


“Let’s go?” Selena finally suggested. 


Melissa and Elizabeth nodded. 


“Alright!” 


They took their veiled hats and bent over, sneaking over to the 
side door in an attempt to leave without attracting any 
attention. 


When they cautiously arrived outside and could finally stand up 
straight, they suddenly heard a burst of applause coming from 
the small hall. 


Melissa instinctively looked back into the hall. 


She saw Mrs. Shaud, as well as many other ladies, clapping. 


Phew! Praise the Lady... Melissa exhaled. She left the 
uncomfortable place together with Selena and Elizabeth. 


“Shall we go to Harrods?” Selena suggested as she stood under a 


tree. She had already forgotten about what had just happened. 


Melissa fell silent for a few seconds before saying, “I plan on 
returning home to study.” 


“Study...” Selena fiddled with her wine-red hair, as if she had 
returned to her regular life. 


“Also, I have to buy bread, beef, potatoes, and fruits... Klein needs 
to work today, Benson went to the municipal library. So, yeah, I 
have to go back!” Melissa suddenly realized how much she loved 
her textbooks, her gears and springs. 


Selena decided to keep her distance from the unusually weird 
Melissa. She turned to look at Elizabeth and smiled dutifully, 
“Shall we go to Harrods together? Even though I’ve spent all my 
savings, it’s still wonderful to window shop.” 


“Sure.” Elizabeth accepted the suggestion, then asked casually, 
“Melissa, does your brother, Klein, have to work on Sundays?” 


“yes, he rests on Mondays, different from ordinary jobs.” Melissa 
unknowingly raised her head slightly. 


After leaving the Blackthorn Security Company, Klein took a 
public carriage to Howes Street. 


He tried his hardest to suppress his emotions, to not think about 
the issue of the Antigonus family’s treasure. He tried to focus his 
attention back onto the matter of acting. 


It was important to fully digest the potion as soon as possible! 
Improving himself was extremely important no matter when it 
was! 


Acting as a Seer, heh! I'm not professional enough. The fortune 
tellers back in the Foodaholic Empire had to go through the 
almanac all the time before they accomplished anything... Klein 
held his cane as he sat inside a carriage. 


He had decided to divine if it was beneficial for him to travel to 
the Divination Club today. 


That was more befitting of a Seer! 


As he was getting off the carriage, Klein took out a halfpence 
coin. His field of vision narrowed, his pupils becoming darker as 
he silently recited, It is suitable to head to the Divination Club 
today. 


It is suitable to head to the Divination Club today. 


Dang! 


Klein flicked the coin up. He didn’t look at the rotation of the 
coin, calmly extending his hand instead. 


Thunk! The halfpence landed in the middle of his palm. 


This time, the number 1/2 was facing up. 


With the number facing up, that means that I would encounter an 
unfortunate incident at the Divination Club today... Klein thought 
for a moment before he turned to the opposite side of the street. 
He waited for the public carriage that was headed for Daffodil 
Street. 


He felt more and more like a charlatan. 


Howes Street, at the entrance to Harrods Department Store. 


Selena was just about to enter the building when she suddenly 
froze and looked to the side. 


“Did something happened?” Elizabeth asked, puzzled. 


Selena puffed her cheeks and said, “Elizabeth, I thought about 
my mysticism teacher, Mr. Vincent. He passed away just like 
that, the morning after my birthday...” 


“Could it be because I peeked and used his secret incantations? 
I've always felt guilty and uneasy because of this... Besides, I’ve 
been rather unlucky recently.” 


“So?” Elizabeth asked quietly. 


Selena bit her lips and said, “I wish to do a divination at the 
Divination Club over there and see if Mr. Vincent’s death had 
anything to do with me.” 


From what happened at my birthday banquet... I have this 
nagging feeling that Elizabeth is hiding something from me... I 
remember the back of the man in a tuxedo... 


“Can’t you divine it yourself?” Elizabeth asked in surprise. 


Selena sighed, imitating her father. 


“Sigh, I cannot divine it given my current condition.” 


“Alright, let’s head to the Divination Club first.” Elizabeth agreed 
to her friend’s suggestion. 


They headed over to the side and made their way to the 
Divination Club on the second floor by following the stairs. 


“Hello, good afternoon, Miss Angelica. It’s a pleasure meeting you 
again.” Selena gave a lively greeting at the reception area. 


Angelica smiled and said, “You should be able to find me here as 
long as you come after lunch.” 


Selena exchanged niceties before lamenting Hanass Vincent’s 
death, she then said, “I need to have a divination performed.” 


“You know the rules of the club. Here is the list of members 
willing to do it... It’s the weekend, so most of our members are 
here,” Angelica explained like clockwork. 


Selena and Elizabeth huddled their heads together as they 
scanned the list of names and description together. 


“I used to just ask for my teacher directly. To think that the club 
would have this many members willing to do divinations 
compared to last year,” Selena said excitedly. 


Suddenly, she paused for a few seconds and said in puzzlement, 
“Klein Moretti, Klein Moretti? Isn’t this name the same as 
Melissa’s brother?” 


Elizabeth froze. She looked repeatedly at the name ‘Klein Moretti’ 
and nodded, “That’s true...” 


“Miss Angelica, is this Mr. Klein Moretti around?” Selena asked 
with a sparkle in her eyes. 


Angelica shook her head. 


“My apologies, Mr. Moretti didn’t come to the club today.” 


“Alright, we'll find someone else.” Selena didn’t mind not seeing 
the person, but she laughed at her friend. “I know that this can’t 
be Melissa’s brother, but having seen this name, I naturally 
thought of a newspaper; a headline worthy of the Intis Press.” 


The Intis Press was created by Emperor Roselle, famous for its 
attention-grabbing headlines. It was one of the most famous 
newspapers in the Northern Continent. 


Elizabeth asked inattentively, “What headline?” 


Selena cleared her throat and said, “Is it the decay of morals, or a 
problem with society? History graduate actually ends up doing 
divinations over the weekends to make a living!” 


1. Adapted from Emile, or On Education. 


Chapter 112: Azik’s Explanation 


Backlund, Empress Borough. 


Audrey Hall sat on a suspended chair in a windy corner and 
looked at the flowers that were blooming under the sun. She 
thought of Fors Wall’s request. 


According to Viscount Glaint, there really was a young girl 
named Xio Derecha being impounded at a temporary prison 
located in Backlund’s North Borough. 


She was charged with grievous assault against a decent 
gentleman due to a financial conflict. She caused the man to be 
bedridden, and he might not be able to stand on his feet ever 
again. 


Regarding that, Fors’s explanation was that the gentleman 
wasn't a nice person but the head of a gang in Backlund’s East 
Borough. He made a living by being an usury. 


The cause of the incident was when one of the borrowers found 
out that the interest was several times higher than he expected, 
so much so that it was impossible to return the amount of 
money even after he bankrupted himself. When his discussion 
with the gentleman ended fruitless, he found the famous 
intermediator, Xio Derecha, hoping that she could persuade the 
other party to waive the unreasonable portion of the loan. 


That gentleman didn’t respond well to Xio Derecha’s attempts at 
arbitration, and even threatened to capture the borrower’s wife 
and children that night. Hence, Xio Derecha switched tactics and 
chose to use physical means. Accidentally, she caused severe 


damage to the man. 


Viscount Glaint investigated the matter and confirmed that Fors 
Wall was telling the truth. He also confirmed that the gangster 
had lost control of his underlings. Moreover, after a midnight 
visit by someone, the borrower’s debts were waived. A statement 
was sent to the prosecutor to plead mercy for Xio Derecha. 
However, an assault case of such severity wasn’t dropped even 
when the victim decided not to pursue a trial. 


“Glaint wished to solve the problem through normal means. He 
sent people to talk to lawyers that he was familiar with, but they 
were only confident of winning a lighter sentence, but it would 
be very difficult to acquit her from the crime unless she obtains 
a medical certification stating that she is mentally incompetent 
or mentally undeveloped...” Audrey muttered to herself, leaning 
in support towards her friend’s opinion. 


To her, it was best to not have any relationship with Fors Wall 
and Xio Derecha. Ever since the Tarot Club, Audrey felt that she 
was no longer an innocent and naive young lady. 


“Tomorrow night, there will be a dance at Earl Wolf’s residence. I 
should tell Glaint then to act according to the lawyer's 
suggestion.” Audrey nodded slightly as she made a decision. 


In the Loen Kingdom, lawyers were either barristers or solicitors. 
The latter didn’t need to be involved in court affairs, and were 
responsible for gathering evidence, talking to the parties 
involved, setting up wills on their clients’ behalf, supervising 
property allocation, and providing legal consultation. Of course, 
they could also represent their clients to attend the most basic 
magistrate court and defend simple cases. 


Barristers, on the other hand, were responsible for researching 
evidence and defending their clients in court. According to the 


Loen Kingdom’s laws, they had to maintain an objective attitude 
so they couldn’t make direct contact with the litigant. They could 
only communicate with them through their assistants, who 
were solicitors, to gain complete understanding of the situation. 
They were all true law experts who possessed outstanding 
communication skills and were skilled in debate. 


The relaxed Audrey observed the colorful flowers outside while 
hidden in the darkness when she recalled something. 


Medical certification stating she was mentally incompetent... 
Psychiatrist... 


If the Psychology Alchemists have grasped ‘acting’, does that mean 
that they can be found amongst psychiatrists? 


Audrey felt that her train of thought was on the correct path, and 
her eyes shimmered like a lustrous gemstone. 


Just then, she saw her golden retriever, Susie sneak behind the 
flower bushes, to a spot where only the gardener would be able 
to reach. 


Susie... What is she doing? Audrey hid in the shadows and looked 
in a daze. 


The golden retriever’s sense of smell seemed to be confused by 
the flowers all around her that she failed to notice her owner 
behind her. She opened her mouth and produced sounds that 
was akin to one’s exercising of their voice. 


Then, it caused the surrounding air to vibrate into words that 
were jerky and unmellow. 


“Hello. 


“How are you?” 


Audrey mouth widened as she completely forgot about the 
etiquette an elegant lady should have. She couldn’t believe the 
scene before her and the stiff voice that she had just heard. 


She suddenly stood up and asked, “Susie, you can talk? When did 
you learn how to talk?” 


The golden retriever jumped in fright as she turned around to 
look at her owner. 


She shook her tail nervously and very quickly. She opened and 
closed her mouth a few times, vibrating the surrounding air. 


“I... 1don’t know how to explain. I am a dog, after all.” 


Upon hearing that, Audrey was suddenly at a loss for words. 


Monday morning, Klein followed his plan to revise and 
consolidate his mysticism knowledge. Then, he took the public 
carriage to Khoy University. 


He wanted to increase his interactions with Mr. Azik and find 
out exactly what he knew. 


In the three-story gray building of the history department, Klein 
and his teacher, Cohen Quentin, chatted for a while and 
exchanged their information regarding the historical ruins on 
the main peak of the Hornacis mountain range. 


Having not learned anything new, he seized the opportunity to 
enter the office diagonally opposite when his mentor left to 
handle certain matters. He then walked over to Azik’s desk. The 
lecturer had stayed behind to take care of some matters. 


“Mr. Azik, can I have a chat with you?” He asked the man with 
the tanned skin, gentle facial features, and the small mole below 
his right ear. He took off his hat and bowed. 


With eyes that seemed to have seen the vicissitudes of life, Azik 
tidied his books and replied, “Sure, let’s take a walk by the Khoy’s 
banks.” 


“Alright.” Klein held his cane and followed him out of the three- 
story gray building. 


Along the way, they maintained their silence. Neither of them 
spoke. 


When the flowing river water entered their vision and there 
were no teachers or students passing by, Azik suddenly stopped 
in his tracks. He turned his body halfway, faced Klein, and 
asked, “Is there something I can help you with?” 


Klein remained silent for a long while, thinking of several tactful 


ways of asking his questions, but he gave up on all of them. 


Therefore, he spoke frankly and directly asked, “Mr. Azik, you are 
a trustworthy person, a respectable gentleman. I would like to 
know what you can see in me, or should I say, what do you 
know? I am referring to the previous incident when you said 
that there was something disharmonious in my fate.” 


Azik put down his cane and sighed as he laughed. 


“I never expected you to be so straightforward. I’m quite at a loss 
how to answer you. 


“To be frank, disharmony in your fate was the only thing that I 
could see. Other than that, I don’t know any more than you do.” 


Klein hesitated and asked, “But how could you tell? I don’t believe 
that this was derived from divination.” 


Azik looked sideways towards the Khoy River. His intonation was 
tainted with some bleakness. 


“No, Klein, you don’t understand. Divination can reach that kind 
of level. It only depends on the person doing the divination. Of 
course, my divination was merely an excuse. 


“Some people are... special. They are born with some strange 
ability. I think 1am someone like that.” 


“you think?” Klein acutely caught the word that the other man 
used. 


“Yes, Iam not sure if I was born with it. Perhaps, the price of my 
ability is to forget myself, to forget my past, to forget my 
parents.” Azik’s eyes were clouded with melancholy as he looked 
at the river. 


Klein was increasingly confused. 


“Forget the past?” 


Azik smiled without any humor. 


“Before I entered the Backlund University’s history department, I 
lost most of my memory. I only remembered my name and 
some basic knowledge. Luckily, I still had my identification 
documents. Otherwise, I probably would have ended up 
homeless. All these years, I’ve tried to search for my parents 
using my identification documents, but I never found anything, 
even though I could see a corner of Fate. 


“During my few years in the university, I gradually realized that I 
possessed some strange but unique powers, powers that go 
beyond common sense.” 


Klein listened attentively and asked, “Mr. Azik, why did you lose 
your memory? No, I mean—did you find out why you lost your 
memory?” 


He suspected that Mr. Azik was a member of the Life School of 
Thought who had lost his memories, and that he might even be 
a Mid-Sequence Beyonder that held an above average position. It 
was a secret organization that had potion Sequences for Monster 
and Soothsayer. It was an organization that was mainly passed 
down through master-disciple relationships. 


Azik shook his head vigorously. 


“No, it felt like I just had slept, I've forgotten everything that 
happened in the past.” 


He walked forward a few steps with his cane in his hand. He 
spoke as he walked. 


“After I left Backlund, I started dreaming. I dreamed about a lot 
of strange things...” 


Dreams? Iam good at interpreting dreams! The conversation was 
entering Klein’s domain of expertise as he immediately asked, 
“What kind of dream?” 


Azik let out a muffled laugh and said, “Many different kinds of 
dreams. Sometimes, I would dream of the internals of a dark 
mausoleum. I would dream of ancient coffins with corpses in 
them. They would have white feathers growing out from their 
backs. Sometimes, I would dream of myself being a knight 
covered in armor, holding a three-meter-long spear while 
charging towards the enemy. 


“Sometimes, I dream of myself as a feudal lord, having a rich 
and fertile fief, with a beautiful wife and three children. 
Sometimes, I dream of myself as a tramp, walking on a muddy 
road in the rain, feeling cold and hungry. 


“Sometimes, I dream of myself having a daughter, a different 
daughter than the previous children. She would have long 
smooth black hair, and she enjoys sitting on the swing that I 
made. She always asks for sweets from me. Sometimes, I dream 
of myself standing next to the gallows, looking towards a dead 
body hanging up there coldly.” 


Listening to Azik raving like a madman, Klein suddenly realized 
that he couldn’t interpret the dreams because his various 
dreams symbolized opposite, contradictory things! 


Azik retracted his gaze as his voice no longer sounded ethereal. 


“The Feynapotter Kingdom in the south believes in Earth Mother, 
and the Church of Earth Mother promotes a belief. They believe 
that every life is a plant, absorbing the nutrients from the earth. 
Growing slowly, prospering, and withering. 


“When they wither, these lives fall to the earth and return to the 
mother’s embrace. In the coming year, they grow again. They 
would blossom then wither, year after year. Life is as such, one 
life after another. 


“Sometimes, I am very willing to believe in this concept. I believe 
because of my uniqueness, I can dream of previous lives, and the 
lives before that.” 


At this point, he looked at Klein and said with a sigh, “I haven’t 
mentioned any of this to Cohen before. The reason I’m telling 
you is because I...” 


Azik paused and smiled. 


“I apologize. My description earlier was not precise enough. The 
disharmony in your fate is not the only thing that I could see. I 
can also see another thing. 


“Klein, you are not an ordinary person anymore. You possess an 
extraordinary, strange power, one very similar to mine.” 


Chapter 112: Request 


Mr. Azik can tell that ’!'m a Beyonder? His ability is truly 
powerful... Klein froze for a moment before he gave an honest 
reply. 


“Yes.” 


He thought for a while before adding, “Because of what 
happened to Welch and Naya.” 


“Its as I thought...” Azik sighed. “There were two people with 
extraordinary powers amongst the group of police that came to 
question me and Cohen.” 


It was probably Captain and Leonard. They were in charge of 
Welch’s case... Klein nodded slightly, not interrupting Azik. 


Azik raised his cane and said, “You should have entered their 
circle. I hope that you can help me search for clues of my origin. 
You do not need to go out of your way to do it, just note it down if 
you find any clues.” 


Upon saying that, Azik wore a bitter smile. 


“I don’t know any other person with extraordinary powers... You 
cannot imagine what emotions a man without a past has. You 
are like a boat floating in a vast ocean. The most terrifying thing 
is not facing a storm, but not being able to find a harbor. The 
inability to navigate to shore. All you can do is take on disaster 
after disaster, with no end in sight, never to feel peace and 
safety.” 


No Mr. Azik, I know how it feels, for I am in a similar position. 
Fortunately for me, I have the memory fragments of the original 
Klein, as well as Melissa and Benson... Klein answered silently 
before he asked, “Mr. Azik, why didn’t you join a similar group 
when you possess such magical ability and search for clues 
yourself?” 


Azik looked into Klein’s eyes and let out a self-deprecating smile. 


“Because I’m afraid. I’m afraid of death.” 


He sighed and continued, “I have gotten used to life like this. I 
like my life. I don’t have the courage to take that risk, so I can 
count on you.” 


Klein didn’t say any more. He promised, “I'll pay special attention 
if I come across any clues.” 


“Alright, we should return to the office. Let’s have lunch together 
with Cohen when he’s done with work. Do you remember? The 
East Balam Restaurant in the university is quite good. Heh, my 
treat.” Azik lifted his cane and pointed to a direction. 


My apologies, I really have no memories of that. How could the 
studying original Klein have afforded the East Balam Restaurant? 
Even if Welch was treating, he would still reject going to such an 
expensive place... Klein pressed on his hat and returned to the 
third level of the grayish-stone building which housed the 
history department with Azik. 


A few steps later, Azik suddenly spoke. 


“Tl be on summer break after I finish settling all my work at the 


university. You can visit me at my house or write to me.” 


Klein nodded and said casually, “Mr. Azik, I thought that you 
would head to Desi Bay for a vacation.” 


“No, it is too hot in the south right now. I don’t like the so-called 
sunbathing. Look at my skin color; it tans easily. ’d rather head 
to the Winter County, to the north of the Feysac Empire to ski, 
sightsee, or hunt seals.” Azik, who had a bronze skin tone, 
smiled as he replied. 


I would too... Klein, who had just joined the Nighthawks, 
revealed a look of envy. 


After lunch, Klein returned home and took a nap before 
beginning his revision and study of charms and amulets. He 
hoped to grasp them quickly to create objects that could at least 
be used in battle and help him. 


When it was approaching three in the afternoon, Klein packed 
his stuff and sealed the room with a wall of spirituality. 


In the majestic divine hall above the gray fog sat a long, ancient 
mottled table. 


Klein sat at the seat of honor, his face enveloped by the thick fog. 
He looked at the still-obscured Justice and The Hanged Man as 
they appeared at their designated seats. 


Hmm, Miss Justice’s emotions doesn’t seem too stable. Worry, 


unease, and a little lost... Klein observed the only female member 
of the Tarot Club with his Spirit Vision. 


Words couldn’t describe Audrey Hall’s emotions. She was 
extremely shocked by Susie’s sudden speech. 


She had imagined a future with herself as a great detective or 
famous psychologist bringing along her assistant Susie, but if 
that became the dog detective Susie bringing along her assistant 
Miss Audrey, then it would be a little, a little... 


No, not a little, it would be straight up weird! It leaves me lost! 
Audrey suddenly sat up straight. She wanted to request for Mr. 
Fool’s and The Hanged Man’s help. 


But she swallowed the words she was about to say. 


Hmm, how should I ask this? What should I do if my pet is 
abnormal? 


How should I interact with a pet that can speak, one that has 
decent intelligence? 


No, no, no, this is the Tarot Club, not an experience sharing on 
pets. I bet that the good impression that The Hanged Man and Mr. 
Fool have of me would shatter if I ask those questions! 


Audrey's mind whirled. Finally, she organized her words and 
said, “Honorable Mr. Fool and Mr. Hanged Man, who has helped 
me all this time, I have a question to ask. What can a pet with 
Beyonder powers do for its owner? In other words, how useful is 
it?” 


She had just said her piece when she noticed Mr. Fool and The 
Hanged Man slip into silence. The atmosphere became a little 
weird. 


Hey hey hey, say something, don’t look at me with those eyes, I 
did nothing! Really, I was asking for a friend! Audrey wanted to 
burrow into a hole out of shame. 


She deeply regretted asking that question. 


Considering that she had previously asked what would happen if 
an ordinary animal consumed a Sequence potion, did she share 
the potion she formulated with her pet? That seems like something 
only Miss Justice would do... I feel a little pathetic being the boss of 
a ‘heretic cult’ with her as a member... Klein lifted his right hand 
and propped it against his forehead and pinched it twice without 
giving an answer. 


The Hanged Man Alger Wilson was silent for nearly twenty 
seconds before he replied in a strange tone, “That depends on 
what kind of Beyonder powers the pet has. For example, if it’s a 
Spectator, then it can help you observe or listen in on certain 
occasions. As you know, most humans are wary of each other, 
but would never suspect that a pet would be eavesdropping on 
them, even if the pet was sitting right by their feet.” 


It makes sense! Father would avoid me when discussing important 
matters with the nobles, cabinet members, and other ministers. 
They would often lock the door to the room. But if Susie could hide 
long enough to be locked in with them, then she wouldn’t be 
chased away... Also many ladies like to interact within private 
social circles... Audrey had a sparkle in her eyes as many 
thoughts welled in her mind. 


Also, since Susie can speak now, she can tell me the content of the 
meetings directly... Susie is great! I have to treat you well. I have 


to teach you proper pronunciation and vocabulary... 


Hmm, should I teach Susie the aristocratic pronunciation or a 
more normal Backlund accent? Would other dogs pick up on 
where Susie comes from when they interact? Wait, why am I 
considering this? Susie wouldn’t use human language when 
interacting with other dogs... 


Wait, Mr. Hanged Man, why did you use Spectator as an example? 


C-could you have guessed what happened? 


Audrey’s expression changed. She regained her posture and 
smiled. 


“Mr. Fool, I found another page of Emperor Roselle’s diary.” 


I got this from Fors Wall. 


“Great, you have repaid what you owed,” Klein replied in a good 
mood. 


“I. am sorry, but there’s not much content on this page of the 
diary.” Audrey was conjuring the content she remembered onto 
the piece of goatskin. 


Klein raised his hand and made the goatskin parchment appear 
in his palm before saying, “That doesn’t affect my promise. 
Furthermore, the parts of the diary you handed me previously 
had two pages.” 


The pages collected by Justice and The Hanged Man were not 
originals. They were copied by researchers. Some would copy it 
on one page for recording purposes, while others kept the 
original look of the diary for convenience. 


Klein looked down at the few lines of text on the page. 


“20th December. A new year approaches, but the feedback I 
received is making me very confused and troubled. 


“There is no crude oil in this world! There’s no crude oil to be 
found!” 


Chapter 114: The Stantlards of a Member 


No crude oil? It couldn’t be found for some reason, or there really 
wasn’t any available? 


From the period Emperor Roselle was assassinated till this day, 
about a hundred and fifty years have passed, and there are still 
no traces of crude oil... 


Klein’s pupils constricted as his hand quivered while holding the 
diary. 


No crude oil not only meant that the future of the internal 
combustion engine became uncertain, it would also lead to a 
state of stagnation in the chemical industry. In other words, 
Earth’s modern industrial age would never transpire here! 


In short, the development of this world was uncertain to Klein. 


Although he couldn’t invent things, he had assumed that he was 
still at an advantage because he knew a bit of everything and 
could foresee the direction of technological development. When 
he saved enough money, he could make a risky investment on 
an industry that he thought showed promise. Furthermore, he 
wouldn't put all his eggs in one basket. 


Klein thought that it was only a matter of time until he could 
own enormous wealth. By then, he would hire the so-called 
white gloves as representatives to establish international charity 
foundations. On the surface, they would provide relief to the 
poor. In reality, they would actually be establishing and funding 
a revolt, in order to fight against the higher strata of society and 
enhance the living standards of the people in the lower class. 


If he were to find a method of returning to Earth, he would 
segregate his property. A third to Benson, a third to Melissa, and 
a third for his foundation. 


However, it was a pity that his perfect vision of the future was 
instantly half-shattered. 


Luckily, there’s still electricity and magnetism in this world. The 
telegram is a successful example, I should mainly invest in this in 
the future... Klein settled down and read down row by row. 


“21st December. I’m no longer thinking about crude oil anymore. 
Upgrading my Sequence level is what matters! 


“22nd December. The filthy environment in Richeux Borough is 
unacceptable. If I hadn’t visited incognito, I might've never 
known that it still looks the same as when I was young. I want 
to gather all my ministers and formulate a ‘Capital Sewer and 
Public Toilet Enhancement Plan’. Hmm, I have to rectify the 
people’s bad habits. Let them boil hot water for consumption, 
wash their hands and faces frequently, don’t litter, don’t pee and 
poop anywhere, use condoms if possible... Haha, I thought of 
what to name this campaign: the Patriotic Health Campaign! 


“Hence, the invention of the condom has to be brought forward. 
There’s also masks, paper cups, and others. Yes, even the most 
primitive version would do. Give it a try. I have to thank this 
world for they still have rubber trees. 


“23rd December. Perhaps I should consider that suggestion. Keep 
a back door for myself outside of the Church of the God of 
Craftsmanship. For example, I could join that ancient and 
mysterious organization which influences the world from the 
shadows?” 


Klein then suddenly realized that there was nothing else at the 
bottom. His emotions were indescribable. 


Emperor Roselle, what was the name of the ancient and 
mysterious organization that was influencing the world from the 
shadows? Do I know it? 


How could you stop here? Why didn’t you write more? 


It’s just like when I used to read novels. When I read till the end 
and realized that the author ended up dropping the novel... 


And Patriotic Health Campaign? The Emperor sure knows how to 
have fun... 


The contents of the diary should’ve been written after he became 
the Consul of the Intis Republic. He might already have called 
himself the Emperor Caesar. 


I have to read some books when I get back and flip through some 
historical texts of other countries. I have to see which year the 
‘Capital Sewer and Public Toilet Enhancement Plan’ took place. 


After his nearly twenty seconds of silence, Klein reined back his 
thoughts and let the diary in his hands vanish into thin air. 


“You can start your discussion now.” 


Audrey let out a breath of relief and adjusted her state to become 
a Spectator. She smiled faintly and said, “I'd like to know if there 
are any Sequence potion named Arbiter, or a kind of Beyonder 
that can go through wooden doors or make locks ineffective?” 


I know about this... Enveloped in the grayish-white fog, Klein 
was going to reply, but The Hanged Man answered first. 


“I need you to help me investigate something in return for the 
answer.” 


“What is it?” Audrey asked with interest as well as with 
puzzlement. 


Alger glanced towards The Fool and said, “Id like to know if the 
King has the intention of taking revenge on the Feysac Empire 
and launching a new war on the East coast of Balam within this 
year or before June of next year.” 


The Tarot Club was currently using the Loen language, which 
was confirmed by the trio’s accents at the first Gathering. Hence, 
Alger knew that Miss Justice was a noble in the Loen Kingdom 
while he also believed that Miss Justice knew that he was a 
Loen. 


As for The Fool, Alger believed that His behavior as a Loen was 
merely a disguise, a disguise that would ease the discussion. 


Ever since the ritualistic magic, Alger started using ‘Him’ to 
address The Foo! politely. 


Audrey recalled everything that she heard from various social 
events. She nodded confidently and said, “No problem, but I 
would need sufficient time to be certain.” 


“I can wait.” Alger smiled and said, “With Mr. Fool as a witness, I 
believe you wouldn’t go back on your promise.” 


Audrey looked towards the quiet yet mysterious Fool engulfed in 
gray fog as the corner of her mouth curved upwards. 


“But I think the value of this information is worth more than 
both questions put together.” 


“When you confirm the answer, Ill provide compensation 
depending on the situation,” Alger replied with an answer he 
prepared beforehand. 


Miss Justice, Mr. Hanged Man, do you need virtual currency to 
determine value? Klein smiled and leaned backwards while he 
looked at the two people before him. 


Audrey relaxed and cheered for herself in her mind. 


Well done! Audrey, you learned how to negotiate! She was so 
excited that she nearly broke out of her Spectator state. She 
quickly thought of something and asked, “Oh right, Mr. Hanged 
Man, did you receive the one thousand pounds?” 


“Tm sorry, I’m still sailing. I have yet to return to land.” Alger 
wasn't willing to bring it up. He answered her original question, 
“The Beyonder that can go through wooden doors and foil locks 
would probably be Sequence 9 Apprentice. The _ secret 
organization, Theosophy Order, has its formula. However, don’t 
ignore the possibility that it was obtained through other 
channels, such as an ancient tomb of the Fourth Epoch.” 


The Theosophy Order, the secret organization that has countless 
ties with the Demoness Sect... Klein rubbed his chin with his 
finger leisurely. 


Seeing that Mr. Fool didn’t refute what was said, Audrey couldn’t 
help but sigh. 


“If I had found the formula for Apprentice before, I might not 
have opted for Spectator.” 


The performance was simply outstanding! 


Alger didn’t bother with Miss Justice’s remark but continued his 
explanation, “There is also a Sequence potion that is entitled 
Arbiter. I think you should be familiar with it, because it is the 
Sequence pathway that the Augustus and Feynapotter Kingdom’s 
Castiya family has. Of course, the low Sequence formulas were 
used as rewards in ancient times. Some nobles might have 
received it before.” 


The Augustus family was a royal family of the Loen Kingdom 
while the Castiya family was a royal family in the Feynapotter 
Kingdom. 


It turns out that the Augustus family are all Arbiters... Audrey 
was enlightened and felt that it cleared up her suspicion. 


She sighed and thought, It’s no wonder I’ve always gone along 
with their arrangements, always uncomfortable, always willing to 
admit defeat, like ’'m never myself when I’m before them! I 
thought it was because I was timid... 


“The Arbiter has a convincing charm and considerable authority, 
as well as outstanding combat ability that can deal with the 
unexpected,” Alger described the situation simply. 


Audrey nodded slowly and leaned backwards. She then spoke 


elegantly, “I have no more questions.” 


Alger thought and looked towards the seat of honor at the long 
bronze table. 


“Honorable Mr. Fool, I'd like to ask if the True Creator’s Holy 
Residence that the Aurora Order advocates is the legendary 
Forsaken Land of God?” 


Forsaken Land of God? I have only seen that term once in Roselle’s 
diary... It might be in the secret dockets of the Nighthawks, but it 
isn’t something I can know of currently... How do you want me to 
answer? Klein nearly twitched the corner of his lips. 


He considered it for a while then he replied in a calm tone, “This 
is not something you should know now.” 


Alger felt his heart tighten, and he immediately lowered his 
head and replied, “Please forgive me for overstepping my 
boundaries.” 


Audrey wanted to ask about the Forsaken Land of God but she 
also gave up the thought when she heard that. 


In the lofty divine hall above the gray fog, silence suddenly filled 
the air. 


At that moment, Audrey felt that she should say something. 


“Mr. Fool, if—and I’m saying if—I have the opportunity to join 
another organization, such as the Psychology Alchemists, is it 
permitted?” 


Klein maintained his posture of leaning backward as he said 
with a chuckle, “That is no problem. My requirement is that the 
existence of the Tarot Club is not to be exposed.” 


“If you become a member of another organization, the materials 
and information you can use for exchange will also increase.” 


After saying that, he suddenly recalled that he was also a 
member of another organization. He was a real Nighthawk 
while The Hanged Man was most likely related to the Church of 
Storms. 


Would my Tarot Club be the so-called Rebels Alliance? Traitor 
Gathering? Klein was drowned in deep thoughts. 


“I understand now.” Audrey was excited but she immediately 
thought of a question, “Mr. Fool, if I found a suitable gentleman 
or lady for this gathering, could I guide them to join? How do I do 
that?” 


Alger thought and asked, “Mr. Fool, what is the requirement to 
be a member of this gathering? How do we determine?” 


Ambitious, ethical, cultured, disciplined... Four words popped into 
Klein’s head instantly. 


He maintained his silence for a few seconds and only spoke 
when Justice and Hanged Man appeared a little uneasy. 


“you can inform me here of people who you find suitable. I will 
decide if they will join us. Before that, you can’t give any hint 
that would cause the secret of the Tarot Club’s existence to be 
exposed. You must remember, to non-Gathering members...” 


Klein paused and said in a heavy voice, “You must not speak my 
name without my permission.” 


Chapter 115: Cheat 


“you must not speak my name without my permission.” 


Several minutes after the Gathering ended, Audrey and Alger, 
who had returned to their bedroom and ship respectively, could 
still hear the words of The Fool reverberating in their ears. 


Their impression of the mysterious and powerful Mr. Fool was 
normally relaxed, calm, and unfathomable. It was rare that he 
would adopt such a stern, supercilious attitude. 


Because of that, they were exceptionally alarmed. They 
submitted to his wishes sincerely. 


They were no strangers to words like that, but these instructions 
were normally recorded within The Revelation of Evernight or 
The Book of Storms! 


In the West Borough of Tingen City, on Daffodil Street. 


Klein pulled open the curtains and allowed the golden sunlight 
to pour into his bedroom. 


He had inspected the star that previously sent out a prayer after 


Justice and The Hanged Man left, but didn’t obtain any 
information this time round. 


Since the crimson star had the ability to store prayers, akin to 
sending offline messages, Klein believed that the youth who 
spoke Jotun hadn’t prayed again from the last two times he 
entered the world above the giant. 


This made him suspect that there was no hope left for the 
youth’s parents, and that the young man had chosen to give up... 


With his back facing the sunlight, Klein walked to the edge of his 
bed and laid down. He didn’t want to move. 


He knew that he shouldn’t waste any time and head to the 
Divination Club and continue the process of digesting the potion, 
but he didn’t want to move. He laid silently on his bed, enjoying 
his rare break. 


He had a full schedule from Tuesday to Friday, mysticism 
lessons and practicals in the mornings, shooting and combat 
training in the afternoons. He was mentally exhausted by the 
time evening came around. There was no change in his morning 
routine on Saturday, but he had to guard Chanis Gate in the 
afternoon. He would’ve stayed underground until the dawn of 
Sunday. 


Sunday morning was time for Klein to catch up on sleep. In the 
afternoon, circumstances would determine if he went to the 
Divination Club. On Monday morning, he had just returned from 
Khoy University in the morning and had the Tarot Gathering in 
the afternoon. He also had to think about the issue of acting as a 
Seer. In other words, he had been busy the entire week, with no 
time to rest. 


Thus, all Klein wanted to do was laze around, lying on his bed 
like a loser, not doing anything except daydreaming. 


No, how can a boss of a cult be so worthless. If Miss Justice and 
Mr. Hanged Man caught wind of this, their impression of me 
would shatter... Klein buried his face into his blanket and 
motivated himself. 


“I have the formula for the Clown potion, all I need to do now is 
fully digest the Seer potion... I have the formula to the Clown 
potion, all 1 need to do now is fully digest the Seer potion...” 


He muttered to himself repeatedly and then propped himself up. 


Klein took a bronze coin from his pocket and quickly divined if it 
was suitable for him to head to the club today and got an 
definitive response. 


“Five, four, three, two, one!” 


After the countdown, he forced himself to stand up straight and 
walked over to the clothes rack before picking out his suit and 
hat. 


In the meeting room of the Divination Club on Howes Street. 


Klein sat down in a shaded corner and sipped on his Sibe black 
tea as he read the Tingen City Honest Paper. There weren’t many 
members around him, just six or seven. 


Just as he was laughing at the grammatical mistake used in a 
job advertisement, he saw a monocled Glacis walk in with a silk 
top hat in his hand. There was a blue-dressed lady in her thirties 
beside him. 


The lady had curved eyebrows and large yet dull eyes. In her left 
hand, she was carrying an Intis hat decorated with the feathers 
of a black swan. 


That hat is ridiculous. Wouldn’t her neck be sore wearing that? 
Klein noted to himself. He looked over and massaged his 
glabella, as if alleviating his fatigue. 


Through his Spirit Vision, he noticed that Glacis and the lady 
were both healthy, but were anxious, angry, and flustered. 


“Good afternoon, Glacis. That Mr. Lanevus wasn’t a trustworthy 
fellow, was he?” Klein asked with a smile, remaining seated. 


Glacis had asked him for a divination about investing in 
Lanevus’s steel company. Glacis had obtained a negative 
suggestion. 


But noticing his indecisiveness, Klein believed that he had taken 
the risk anyway. Klein hoped the man hadn't invested 
everything he had. Thus, Klein immediately made the 
association and judgment when he saw the colors of his 
emotions. 


Glacis froze for a moment, then let out a bitter smile. 


“I truly regret not listening to the suggestion you divined for me. 
Heh, this is the second time I'm saying something like that, let’s 


hope, no—I believe that there will not be a third time.” 


He turned his head and looked at the lady with some wrinkles. 


“Madam Christina, look, Mr. Moretti had already guessed our 
motive for coming here without us even speaking. He is the most 
magical fortune-teller I have ever seen. !m more than willing to 
describe him as a seer.” 


“Good afternoon, Mr. Moretti. We have come here precisely 
because of Lanevus.” Christina gave a simple bow, clearly 
anxious and flustered. 


“Shall we head to Topaz?” Glacis was more collected. He pointed 
to the door of the meeting room with his chin. 


Klein laughed as he got up. 


“This is the job of a fortune-teller.” 


He followed the path to the empty Topaz room. 


Glacis locked the wooden door and walked to his seat while 
sighing. 


“Lanevus has gone missing. He gave the excuse of going to the 
Sivellaus County to oversee the excavation and left Tingen, never 
to return. We sent someone to look for him via steam locomotive 
and discovered that the large-scale steel mine he spoke of only 
existed on the map. Luckily for me, I recalled your advice and 
only invested a third of what I initially intended to invest. 
Otherwise, I would have lost my family and my life.” 


Klein’s pupils were darker than usual when he looked at the two 
people in front of him. He asked, a little curious, “Before making 
such a major financial decision, wouldn’t you choose a 
representative and ascertain if whatever he said was true at the 
Hornacis mountain range in the Sivellaus County?” 


Christina responded quickly, “Our representative was fooled, 
fooled by the people Lanevus employed, the place he rented, and 
the land that was fenced off.” 


Klein didn’t question them any further. He maintained his 
attitude of a Seer and asked, “What do you wish to divine today?” 


“We wish to see if this is salvageable or not,” Christina said as 
she looked at Glacis. 


Klein took a piece of paper and a fountain pen. 


“Then let us do an astrolabe divination. Pll ask, and you'll 
answer.” 


Between the questions, Klein marked out the Thunderous 
constellation and the corresponding symbols of various 
situations before completing the astrolabe. 


He used more elements in his astrolabe than an ordinary person 
would have. The method he was going to use to interpret the 
astrolabe was going to bring him closer to the truth. 


“Madam, Sir, you are now at a crossroad. If you don’t restrain 
yourselves and succumb to your greed and anxiety, you will fall 
further into the abyss, never being able to free yourselves. But if 
you can be patient and wait persistently without being greedy, 


then there will be an opportunity of you seeing the sunlight...” 
Klein said, his tone unhurried. 


“I understand.” Christina nodded. She thought for a moment 
before saying, “Mr. Moretti, can you divine Lanevus’s 
whereabouts?” 


“No, I don’t think so. The information Lanevus left behind is 
most likely fake; even his name might not be real. How can I 
divine anything? Unless you can give me very specific details, or 
an item he carries with him all the time,” Klein replied 
truthfully. 


Christina fell silent for a moment before pushing a one-soli note 
toward Klein. 


“I have heard from Glacis that you are a true seer, who is 
respectful and fearful of fate and not greedy for money. You can 
think of the rest as tips that I am giving to the club.” 


“Thank you for your confidence in me.” 


She stood up and bade farewell before leaving quickly. 


Not greedy for money... No, Iam a materialistic man! Klein was 
regretting his actions of acting as a charlatan. 


Seeing Christina leave, Glacis closed the door and asked, “Is there 
really no way?” 


“I told you the way just now.” Klein smiled as he leaned back. 


Glacis sighed. “Lanevus took off with over 10,000 pounds and his 
victims totaled over a hundred people. Luckily for me, I only lost 
50 pounds. Those were my savings, and I have no debt. But Miss 
Christina invested 150 pounds. To her, this is not a sum that she 
can bear easily.” 


“Have you called the police?” Klein suddenly felt anger towards 
the cheat after hearing the sum of 10,000 pounds. 


One could be considered rich even in Backlund with money like 
that. 


I don’t know if the police would enlist the help of the Nighthawks, 
Mandated Punishers, or Machinery Hivemind for a simple case 
like this... Klein thought, a little distracted. 


Glacis nodded and said, “We've already made a police report. The 
police are paying a lot of attention to this case. After much 
discussion, we’re willing to take out a portion of the money we 
would get back as a reward. One can get 10 pounds as a reward if 
they manage to provide clues about Lanevus’s whereabouts. If 
you can give a precise location and help the police catch Lanevus, 
you can get a reward of 100 pounds!” 


10 pounds for a clue? 100 pounds for catching Lanevus? Klein’s 
eyes nearly sparkled after he heard that. His breathing became 
heavy. 


He happened to be worrying about how he was going to pay the 
detective in the future. 


He could barely afford the second phase of the payment with the 
extra salary of three pounds he received this week, but if the 
private investigator managed to complete his mission within the 
next week, then he wouldn’t have enough to pay off whatever he 


promised to pay. He would be lacking a few soli, provided that he 
wouldn't need to spend his savings elsewhere this week. 


Perhaps the police will have some items belonging to Lanevus. But 
they won't be very useful if he’s already left Tingen... Klein felt a 
mixture of excitement and disappointment. 


In the next hour and a half, Klein got another two customers due 
to Angelica’s recommendation. One was a divination for a one- 
year-old toddler. Klein immediately drew the corresponding 
birth astrolabe and explained it, much to the satisfaction of his 
customer. 


The other was searching for an item. Klein used tarot reading, 
coupled with dream divination, to give him a general area. This 
made his customer very shocked, for he had never seen a 
fortune-teller that could give him such accurate information. 


Perhaps I could obtain enough funds just by doing divinations for 
others. Klein, who had received some tips, put on his hat, held 
his cane, and walked toward the exit of the club. 


At this moment, he saw Christina enter the club once again with 
a young girl wearing a sunhat beside her. 


Christina saw Klein and immediately approached him. She 
asked softly, “Mr. Moretti, you said that you could try divining 
Lanevus’s whereabouts if there was something belonging to 
him?” 


“That is correct.” Klein nodded. 


Christina heaved a sigh of relief and asked in a serious tone, 


“Then is his child something that belongs to him?” 


Huh? Klein was momentarily a little lost. 


Chapter 116: Lanevus’s Chill 


Christina didn’t notice the seer’s blank look. She took a peek at 
Angelica over at the reception desk, lowered her voice, and said, 
“I mean Lanevus’s child.” 


She extended her hand to point at the young lady with the 
sunhat and said, “This is my niece, Megose. Her mother is my 
elder sister. 'm very sorry and regretful that I thought Lanevus 
was an outstanding young man back then, and I introduced 
Megose to Lanevus, who was single. Then they became lovers. 


“Megose’s parents were happy with Lanevus at first too. They 
planned to pour all their savings into the steel company after 
they got engaged. Luckily, before that happened, Lanevus ran 
away. Their family didn’t encounter any life-threatening losses. 
Unfortunately, my sister and brother-in-law have to explain to 
their relatives and friends why the engagement ceremony will 
be canceled, and they have to worry about the child that Megose 
is bearing. 


“We believe in the God of Steam and Machinery; we are not 
believers of Lord of Storms. We don’t believe in chastity before 
marriage. We don’t blame Megose, and even pity her. However, 
the existence of the child does make things difficult, especially 
since he has such a father.” 


He took advantage of people both financially and sexually... Klein 
looked towards Megose who was standing quietly next to her. He 
then realized that the lady was quite a beauty. 


She had a bright forehead, long blond hair, and a pair of big eyes 
just like Christina’s. She looked depressed yet calm, and her lips 
were tightly pursed together. 


What an_ infuriating swindler, and he even got away 
successfully... Klein cursed at Lanevus and said after some 
thought, “If it was a child that is already born, I do have a way to 
divine Lanevus’s whereabouts using the child as an aid. But 
unfortunately, this would require us to wait a few months. Yes, 
this might be a reflection of the divination result earlier. Be 
patient and wait persistent without being greedy, then there will 
be an opportunity of seeing the sunlight.” 


“A few months...” Christina mumbled to herself as she shook her 
head. “No, after such a long period of time, even if we find 
Lanevus, we wouldn't be able to get back our money...” 


She looked sideways at Megose. Her voice lowered unconsciously 
as she asked, “Do you have anything that Lanevus carried 
around before?” 


“No,” Megose answered clearly yet gently. “Would the ring he 
gave me count?” 


“It must be something that he carried for a very long time.” Klein 
shook his head. 


Christina remained silent for a while and looked at Megose 
when she said, “You have to make a decision. I think keeping 
this child would make your future tough and thorny. Are you 
going to tell him that his father was a swindler and took away 
many people’s money, including his mother’s? 


“Time to head to the clinic, to the hospital. Plus, this could help 
us to find Lanevus, to get what we lost.” 


Hey, isn’t such divination a little hardcore? It was not Klein’s 
place to involve himself in the family matters of others. So, he 
could only wait patiently by the side as he lampooned inwardly 


from time to time. 


Megose lowered her head and looked down. She didn’t speak for 
quite a while. 


Then, she touched her stomach and revealed a gentle smile. 


“He is different from his father. He will be a considerate and 
likable child. 


“He will kick me lightly every day, telling me his mood. He will 
even hum a song, whistle and use music to help me sleep...” 


Klein heard and suddenly felt something amiss. 


The former part of what Megose said seemed to be normal, but 
the latter part was like the ravings of amadwoman. 


Did she have a mental problem due to the incident? Klein raised 
his right hand to his glabella. He pretended to massage it to ease 
his weariness. 


Just then, Megose suddenly turned around and walked towards 
the door, leaving only one sentence. 


“Maybe his father will come back in secret after he is born, 
keeping a part of the money for his child...” 


Klein never expected she would respond like that, and he was 
momentarily taken aback that he forgot to activate his Spirit 
Vision. Then, he watched helplessly as Megose left the club and 


walked down the stairs. 


Christina let out a sigh and said, “Sorry, Mr. Moretti. Sorry to 
bother you, we will look for one of Lanevus’s personal items that 
he carried with him all the time.” 


Klein nodded indiscernibly. He watched her walk downstairs 
and sighed as he shook his head. 


The next morning, Klein entered Blackthorn Security Company, 
greeted Rozanne, and asked, “Where's today’s newspaper?” 


The sweet brown-haired girl Rozanne sized him up and said, 
puzzled, “Klein, you're so weird.” 


“Why?” Klein asked in reply, smiling. 


Rozanne rolled her eyes and said, “You always read the 
newspapers during noon break because you have mysticism 
lessons in the morning. Old Neil is already waiting for you in the 
armory!” 


“I found out earlier that there would be a case offering a reward, 
so I want to read the newspaper to memorize the criminal’s 
appearance. Perhaps I might one day come across the person?” 
Klein explained with a smile. 


“Is that so?” Rozanne picked up the day’s newspapers and started 
flipping through them out of curiosity. “Wanted... Lanevus, 
right?” 


Klein immediately answered, “Yes.” 


“..Wicked swindler! He stole about ten thousand pounds!” 
Rozanne read carefully for nearly twenty seconds before cursing 
suddenly in rage. 


Klein shared the same feeling. 


“It’s really ridiculous! Even I want to apply to take over the case!” 


Rozanne continued to read and shook her head regretfully. 


“The case doesn’t seem to involve supernatural factors. Even if it 
did, it would be passed to Mandated Punishers under the Lord of 
Storms.” 


Klein didn’t quite understand what Rozanne meant, but after he 
took the newspaper and read it, he sighed. 


“yeah, there were so many people cheated. There must be 
believers from all three major churches, and Lanevus’s steelwork 
company was said to be located in the South.” 


If a case was related to supernatural factors and involved only 
the believer of one God, it would be passed to the corresponding 
team. However, if it involved believers of the Evernight Goddess, 
Lord of Storms, and the God of Steam and Machinery, it would be 
assigned based on jurisdiction area. The Nighthawks controlled 
the Golden Indus Borough, the North Borough, and the West 
Borough. The Mandated Punishers controlled the East Borough, 
South Borough, and the port, while the Machinery Hivemind 
troop was responsible for the university and suburb areas. 


As he flipped through the newspapers, Klein memorized 
Lanevus’s appearance, 


He had a plump forehead, black hair, brown eyes, and a pair of 
spectacles with almost round lenses. He smirked faintly, looking 
as though he was mocking everyone. 


Besides that pair of spectacles, Lanevus didn’t seem to have any 
obvious traits, and looked really ordinary. 


He chatted with Rozanne casually then passed through the 
partition, in preparation to head underground. 


Then, he saw the pale and cold Corpse Collector Frye and the 
white-haired black-eyed author Seeka Tron exiting the 
recreation room and turning towards him. 


After a simple greeting, Klein watched his two teammates leave 
and discovered Dunn Smith in a black trench coat standing by 
the side of the door he opened. 


“There’s a case?” Klein asked curiously. 


At that time of day, there wouldn’t be two Nighthawks heading 
out together for no reason. 


Dunn looked over with his gray eyes. He nodded and smiled. 


“There seems to be a paranormal incident in West Borough. I’ve 
sent Seeka and Frye to check on it, but you don’t have to worry 
about that. Until you master combat techniques, I don’t intend to 
send you on any missions. I have to take responsibility for my 


team members.” 


Captain, you are such a nice person. Besides the receding hairline 
and bad memory, you are flawless... Klein complimented 
inwardly. He asked for confirmation, “In other words, I only 
need to attend mysticism classes and combat training. I don’t 
have to contribute anything, and I can still get my pay?” 


“This is only temporary,” Dunn confirmed. 


I only need to ‘attend classes’ and ‘work out’, and I'll get an ample 
paycheck. It’s great just thinking about it... Klein thought happily. 


I hope there are no more coincidences! He prayed in silence. 


The days passed by peacefully until Friday. Klein completed his 
combat training and took a carriage back to Besik Street. 


Outside Henry’s Private Detective Company, he looked to the left 
and to the right. Confirmed that no one was watching him, he 
put on the gauze mask, lifted up the collar of his trench coat, and 
quickly entered the stairway. 


Knocking on the door, Klein saw the middle-aged brawny man, 
Detective Henry, again. 


“Good afternoon, sir. One of the cases that you entrusted us with 
is done.” The deep blue-eyed Detective Henry spoke with a hoarse 
voice from drinking and smoking. 


Klein intentionally lowered his voice and said, “Is it the 
information of the man that appeared at the Evil Dragon Bar?” 


The man that bought the Spectator potion’s supplementary 
ingredients... 


“yes.” Henry waved his smoking pipe. 


Then, he didn’t say anything but look at Klein with a smile. 


Klein understood what the man meant, and he took out four 
one-pound notes and handed it over. 


“This is the second payment.” 


He paused and added, “Write me a receipt.” 


His private stash of money had been reduced to less than one 
pound... 


“No problem.” Henry coughed. He checked the _ anti- 
counterfeiting marks on the notes as he instructed his staff to 
bring over pen and paper. 


Then, he beckoned to Klein for him to have a seat while he 
quickly wrote a receipt and stamped a seal on the bottom. 


After completing everything, Henry took a puff at his pipe and 
said, “According to your description, my assistant and I waited at 
the Evil Dragon Bar for three days before finally meeting that 
man. 


“He’s quite an alert gentleman, and is good at observation. 
Thankfully, we’re experienced... 


“His name is Daxter Guderian, a doctor of the Greenhill Mental 
Asylum.” 


Chapter 117: Contact 


Daxter Guderian, a doctor of the Greenhill Mental Asylum... 


Klein silently repeated what the detective had said and started to 
think about the ways he could interact with this doctor whom he 
suspected to be a Spectator from the Psychology Alchemists. 


He didn’t want to take too much of a risk on this matter. He 
didn’t want the Nighthawks to discover that he was problematic. 
He didn’t want to lose the life he had now over a mere exchange 
of information and resources. 


Furthermore, this person was most probably a Spectator. Anyone 
who hadn’t undergone special training wouldn’t be able to hide 
their motives and thoughts from a person like that. 


I'll get a proxy, making me appear a little more mysterious? No, 
the more people involved, the easier it is for there to be problems... 
Yes... perhaps I can hide the truth within the truth. I'll let that 
doctor know of my thoughts and feelings through my expression 
and body language, but not the whole truth... 


As Detective Henry described Daxter Guderian, Klein thought 
about what methods he could use to minimize risk without 
affecting the results he wanted. 


Slowly, he found inspiration in a detective film he had once 
seen. 


Well, I can try that, but I’ll have to practice it repeatedly... Klein 
nodded inwardly before directing his full concentration on what 


Detective Henry had to say. 


Cough... Henry cleared his throat and said, “We are still working 
on the request involving the red chimney. You should know that 
there are many buildings in Tingen that have similar 
characteristics. Of course, it would be much easier if you could 
provide us with more clues.” 


Klein laughed dryly. 


“IT wouldn't have had to make the request if I had more clues.” 


Honestly, this long investigation had depressed him, for the 
person behind the scenes had obviously noticed Klein’s 
divinations and had more than enough time to find another 
hideout. 


Thus, all he could do was hope that he could find relevant clues 
from the information of the tenants. 


And that alone cost seven pounds... Just the thought of it made 
him feel the pinch... Klein grabbed his cane and left after 
Detective Henry finished his report. 


At twenty minutes to nine on a Saturday morning, in an office of 
the Greenhill Mental Asylum. 


Daxter Guderian, who was wearing gold-rimmed spectacles, 
removed his jacket and hat and hung them on the clothes rack. 


He had just picked up his tin of coffee powder when he heard 
knocking on the door. 


“Please come in,” Daxter said casually. 


The half-closed door opened, and a young man wearing a black 
trench coat entered. 


Daxter didn’t recognize the person that walked in, so he asked, 
puzzled, “Good morning, you are?” 


Klein closed the door, took off his hat, and pressed it against his 
chest before bowing. 


“Good morning, Doctor Daxter, please forgive me for taking the 
liberty to visit without any warning. I am Probationary Inspector 
Klein Moretti of the Awwa Police Department. These are my 
identification documents and badge.” 


“Inspector?” Daxter muttered softly as he received Klein’s 
identification documents and badge. 


“Special Operations Department...” He looked up slowly, his eyes 
calm, as if he was scrutinizing something. 


Short black hair, pupils slightly darker than brown, a scholarly 
aura, no ill intent at the moment... 


Daxter returned the items and pointed to the chair on the other 
side of the table. 


“Please have a seat, Officer. How might I assist you?” 


Klein sat down and placed his cane to the side. He slowly put 
away his documents and badge, then smiled. 


“Please allow me to reintroduce myself. 


“I am also a member of Tingen Citys Nighthawks team, 
specializing in dealing with incidents involving the 
supernatural. 


“Good morning, Mr. Spectator.” 


Before he finished his sentence, he wasn’t surprised to see 
Daxter’s pupils constrict. Daxter retracted his hand, looking like 
he was about to escape. 


“Officer, I don’t understand what you mean.” Daxter forced out a 
few words, almost unable to maintain his form. “I don’t like 
jokes like this. Perhaps I should call security.” 


Klein slowly took out his revolver from his underarm holster, his 
smile unchanging. 


“Mr. Daxter, I know that you can see my confidence and that I do 
not have any ill intent. Heh heh, honestly speaking, I wasn’t too 
sure myself, but your reaction gave me the answer I needed.” 


Every sentence I said just now is true... Klein added in his heart. 


Daxter relaxed slightly, his gaze shooting toward the revolver. He 


asked, confused, “I find it hard to understand why you came 
looking for me... I don’t think that I revealed anything...” 


Klein laughed and replied, “It was just a coincidence, or perhaps 
fate wanted us to meet. 


“We ran into each other once in the underground market at Evil 
Dragon Bar, but you didn’t notice me back then. 


“You were smart to purchase the supplementary ingredients for 
the potion first, but since I am familiar with that formula, you 
caught my attention.” 


Daxter suddenly exhaled, as if he just lost the motivation to 
defend himself. 


“T see... 


“I thought I was careful enough, to think that, to think that...” 


After muttering to himself, he looked into Klein’s eyes and said, 
“Officer, I know that you're not here to arrest me. What is your 
true motive for being here?” 


With a relaxed expression, Klein said, “I am different from the 
other Nighthawks. I don’t believe that Beyonders not within our 
ranks are criminals in the making. This is not fair to those who 
adhere to the law.” 


Daxter changed his posture. He loosened up and said, “The world 
would be at peace if the other Nighthawks, Mandated Punishers, 
and Machinery Hivemind acted like you.” 


“you know of other members from the Nighthawks, Mandated 
Punishers, and Machinery Hivemind?” Klein feigned surprise. 
“This is not something a person who became a Beyonder by 
mistake should know. There must be an organization behind 
you.” 


He leaned back and said with a smile, “Psychology Alchemists?” 


He casually watched Daxter’s expression contort as he said those 
words. 


“I could see that you were anticipating my answer, yet I still 
missed the bait and fell into your linguistic trap...” Daxter said in 
frustration. 


He started to notice that the Spectator state wasn’t omnipotent. 
He could tell why the other party was here, but it didn’t mean he 
understood the specifics. 


Klein stroked the cylinder of his revolver and said, “Doctor, we 
need to have an honest conversation. That can start with me. 


“I don't believe that Beyonders not under management are 
potential criminals, but I agree that every Beyonder must be 
registered and monitored. This is a precaution against the risk of 
Beyonders losing control. It’s to avoid the occurrence of 
something even more dangerous. 


“I won't disrupt your normal life, but I hope that there can be 
limited cooperation between us.” 


“Limited cooperation?” Daxter asked, as if thinking about 
something. 


Klein let out a soft chuckle. 


“Yes, limited. 


“For example, tell me about your condition regularly. You should 
know that it is possible to save someone who has not completely 
lost control yet, and the Nighthawks have considerable 
experience in this regard. 


“Or, if you could give me clues of a Beyonder you know, or a 
Beyonder in your organization who is about to do something that 
can endanger the innocent. 


“Or, if you would like to exchange something for items that you 
could make more use of. This is a perk I am giving you. You 
should know what perks mean. 


“Also, you need not worry about being suddenly prosecuted by 
members of the Nighthawks, Mandated Punishers, or Machinery 
Hivemind one day. You can live your life in joy and stability. 


“We will give you something you can use to prove your identity. 
You can use it when you have no other options left.” 


Daxter listened on silently. It was a while before he said, “You 
want me to betray my organization?” 


“No, not betray,” Klein said sincerely. “This is the protection of 
justice, morals, and kindness. You are stopping something evil, 
merciless, and bloody. Other than that, I wouldn’t ask you to 
betray the secrets of the organization you are in.” 


Daxter thought for a moment, as if feeling better now that there 
was an excuse. 


He was silent for a few seconds before he extended his right 
hand. 


“Here’s to a successful cooperation.” 


Klein shook his hand with his free hand and said, “A successful 
cooperation.” 


He paused for a moment before chuckling. 


“Doctor, can you now tell me if you are a member of the 
Psychology Alchemists?” 


“Yes.” Daxter nodded. 


Klein, who hadn’t deactivated his Spirit Vision since he entered, 
didn’t see any changes in the colors of his emotions. Thus he 
asked discreetly, “How did you join the Psychology Alchemists?” 


Daxter looked into his eyes and said, “I discovered that there was 
a patient of this asylum who could see right through me when I 
was tending to him. His clear mind was nothing like a lunatic... 


“His name is Hood Eugen.” 


Klein committed the name to memory and chatted with Daxter a 
little longer, deciding on a secret way to communicate and meet 


up. 


He didn’t exchange matters regarding potions, formulas, and 
rumors for the time being. At an appropriate moment, he bade 
farewell and put away his revolver before leaving Daxter’s office. 


Daxter exhaled after he saw Klein’s back disappear from his field 
of vision. He slumped into his chair, feeling a little agonized and 
little relaxed. 


36 Zouteland Street. Inside Blackthorn Security Company. 


Seated behind his desk, Dunn swept the area with his gray eyes 
and asked, “What happened?” 


Klein, who was late by about half an hour, organized his 
thoughts and said, “Captain, I found a Beyonder and confirmed 
that he is a member of the Psychology Alchemists. 


“He’s an orthodox doctor and is willing to cooperate with us. I 
think it’s best to maintain the status quo. He could help us learn 
more about the current condition of the Association of 
Psychological Alchemy.” 


After pausing for a few seconds, Klein added, “I want to develop 
him into an informant for the Nighthawks, or a hidden external 
member.” 


The word ‘informant’ came from the Intis language. It was 
created by Emperor Roselle. 


Dunn nodded slowly and said, “You handled the situation well, 


but it would be best to inform me when you face such a situation 
in the future. 


“Give me that doctor’s information and a written account of the 
way you handled the situation. I will give him something he can 
use to prove his identity. 


“Also, don’t speak of this to Leonard and the rest. Even though 
they are trustworthy teammates, the protocol clearly requires us 
to keep this close. 


“you will be in charge of contacting that doctor in the future.” 


Klein exhaled silently and replied with a smile, “Alright.” 


Chapter 118: August 


Time flew by and Tingen bade farewell to the end of summer. 
The temperature hovered between twenty-six and twenty-seven 
degrees Celsius. 


Whoosh! 


Klein stood up from the bathtub and took a stride forward, 
sending water droplets to the floor. 


He stood there naked, looking down at his abs. He flexed and 
saw prominent muscle lines appear. 


That was the result of his daily training. Besides, he appeared a 
lot more energetic. 


And just today, his combat teacher, Gawain had started teaching 
him the basic footwork for punching and the techniques for 
delivering force. 


Tap. Tap. Tap. Klein stepped on the floor barefooted in the 
bathroom, either sliding forward or retreating before dodging to 
the right and swinging his fist while he made a defensive 
gesture. 


Phew. He stopped and let out a breath happily. He took the towel 
next to him and wiped himself down. 


After getting in touch with Daxter Guderian, the doctor in the 
mental asylum, Klein seemed to escape from coincidences for 


two whole weeks. Without the constant barrage of supernatural 
incidents, his life became stable. He received his paycheck on 
time, researched mysticism in-depth, trained his 
marksmanship and fighting skills, developed new cooking 
recipes, slowly gathered decent utensils and decorations with 
Benson and Melissa, asked his teammates about supernatural 
cases in the past, divined for people who came to the club, and 
strictly followed the principles he figured out. 


That made him more stable. If it wasn’t for the late nights in 
which he still missed Earth, the red chimney that had yet to be 
uncovered, or the Misfortune Cloth Puppet’s picture that still 
appeared in his dreams occasionally, he would’ve started getting 
used to his current life and think of it affectionately. 


During that time, three Tarot Club Gatherings were convened, 
but Klein didn’t receive any new pages of Roselle’s diary. 
However, according to Justice’s explanation, she had gotten to 
know two Beyonders and she was getting in touch with them 
consistently. When she got into their circle of acquaintances, it 
was likely that she could trade for more pages of Roselle’s diary. 


The Hanged Man also expressed that he had returned to land 
and was dealing with some matters. He would begin looking for 
more as soon as he had more free time. 


Besides, Justice felt that the two Beyonders whom she knew 
were potential targets to join the Gathering. They both had 
decent identities as cover, with certain but different channels of 
information, as well as principles and unique characteristics. 
They were not the kind of people that would sell out a secret. The 
only problem was that they were only Sequence 9 Beyonders, 
which wasn't too suitable for a high-end secret organization like 
the Tarot Club. 


High-end secret organization? Sounds more like a pyramid 
scheme... Klein only let out a heavy sigh to cover up the fact that 


he was at a loss for words to reply to Miss Justice’s complacency. 
He could only agree to observe the two Beyonders further. 


Of course, Justice wasn’t the innocent and romantic maiden 
from before. She kept her guard up and never mentioned the 
names and traits of the two Beyonders. She was afraid that The 
Hanged Man would be able to identify her through that. 


Miss Justice said that she clearly feels the signs of the potion 
digesting. She might need another three to four weeks until she 
completes her acting as a Spectator. My scheduled acquisition of 
the Telepathist formula has to be brought forward... Klein threw 
aside the towel that he used to dry himself and put on his 
clothes as he thought about the Tarot Club from the day before. 


In the last twenty days, he had only met Daxter Guderian once. 
He had the idea of haste makes waste, so he merely chatted 
about the doctor’s state and asked unimportant matters about 
the Psychology Alchemists. 


Given the speed with which Justice was digesting the potion, he 
had no choice but to begin thinking about how to get the formula 
of Sequence 8 Telepathist from Daxter earlier. 


Klein buttoned his shirt and took another dry towel to wrap 
around his head to absorb the water in his hair. 


Compared to Justice, he was digesting the Seer potion even faster 
than expected. By this week, the sounds that he shouldn’t hear 
and things that he shouldn’t see had already vanished while 
engaging in Cogitation or Spirit Vision. 


Flipping over the towel, Klein dried his hair again. He lifted his 
head to look at the door and muttered to himself, “The Seer 
principles that I’ve figured out are really efficient. Next week... I 


should be able to digest the potion entirely by next week. I have 
no idea where to get the single horn of a matured Hornacis gray 
mountain goat and a complete stalk of a human-faced rose 
required by the Clown formula... Maybe I could do as Lady Daly 
did and send in a special application? But that would definitely 
attract the attention of the higher-ups, and I want to develop at 
my own pace. The believer from the Aurora Order in the police 
department was found too, but I have yet to find out who this 
MY. Z is... 


“Henry said that he would complete the red chimney task before 
the end of this week. My private stash of money has returned to 
slightly more than seven pounds, so at least I don’t have to worry 
about making the final payment... 


“Some of the information on houses and tenants that he 
provided before didn’t seem to have any abnormalities, but I 
have no time to investigate them one by one... 


“Perhaps I could see which red chimney houses have gotten new 
tenants recently? 


“Hmm, that’s one way to look at it.” 


Sitting silently for another half a minute, he put on his black 
trousers, bow tie, and underarm holster. He then picked up his 
sweaty knight training suit from the floor and tossed it into the 
laundry basket. He opened the door and exited the bathroom. He 
had just finished his Wednesday afternoon combat training, and 
he was still at his teacher Gawain’s place. 


“Hello, Mr. Moretti.” Gawain’s maidservant happened to pass by, 
and she quickly bowed. 


Klein nodded slightly and pointed at the messy bathroom. 


“Could you clean this up, please?” 


“Of course, sir. The clothes will be taken care of by the laundry 
maid. She’ll come over at six.” The maidservant held her head 
low when she answered. 


Laundry maids had no accommodation or food included, so they 
werent hired by only one household. They were normally 
contracted to handle the laundry from several households. 
Either they rushed around daily, washing one household’s 
clothes before going to the next, or they would gather all the 
clothes from different households and take care of it all at the 
same time, before sending it all back. Only then could they 
barely make a living. 


Klein didn’t say much but returned to the living room to bid 
farewell to the owner who was sitting on the rocking chair. 


He saw Gawain nodding lethargically, a light brown blanket 
covering his legs and the Awwa Evening News in his hands. 


Klein knew for a fact that the gentleman bathing in the setting 
sun’s glow was in his early fifties, but his listlessness made him 
seem like he was already in his eighties. 


During combat training, Gawain maintained silence and only 
give pointers when he needed to. He wasn’t one for casual 
chatting. Klein was so exhausted from the daily training that he 
had no intention of trying to engage in conversation. Thus, their 
relationship remained distant. 


From his demonstrations, Teacher Gawain’s strength is still quite 
terrifying, and his steps are swift too. I reckon it wouldn’t be a 
problem for him to fight three of me... He has the pay from the 
police station, and he also bought a plot of land in a village out in 
the Tingen suburbs that provides a fixed rental... He hires a chef, a 
maidservant, and a laundry maiden... In the Foodaholic Empire 
on Earth, a man in his fifties with such wealth would have been 
traveling the world... 


Klein looked away from Gawain and shook his head. Then, he 
went to the clothes rack to take down his top hat and black 
trench coat. 


After he tidied himself up, he took his cane and exited the house. 
He walked along the weed-covered stone path towards the gates. 


Just then, he saw that there was a two-wheeled carriage stopped 
outside the metal fence, and there was a man with a familiar 
face standing next to it. 


“Leonard?” Klein muttered, looking suspiciously towards his 
messy-haired Nighthawks teammate. 


Leonard was dressed in a white shirt, black trousers, and 
buttonless leather boots as he twirled his hat in his hands. 
When he saw Klein come out from the house, he smiled and 
asked, “Are you pleasantly surprised?” 


Only surprise, without any joy... Klein ignored Leonard’s 
inappropriate behavior and looked into the fake poet’s green 
eyes. 


“What happened?” 


Leonard put on his hat and said, “Captain wants you to work 
with me and Frye. Let’s talk about it on the way.” 


“Alright.” Klein followed him into the carriage. 


As the scene outside of the carriage flew past, Leonard took up 
the document bag by his side and threw it at Klein. 


Klein caught it steadily and took out a document. He then started 
reading carefully. 


“August llth, lpm, at a workhouse in West Borough, the 
bankrupt Salus attempted arson to cause a tragedy. But in the 
end, he only managed to burn himself to death...” 


“August llth, 10pm, harbor worker, Zid jumped into the Tussock 
River and ended his poverty-stricken life...” 


“August llth, 8pm, in Iron Cross Street’s Lower Street, Mrs. 
Lauwis who earned a living by selling matchboxes died of a 
sudden disease...” 


Klein was puzzled when he read the first two incidents. He found 
the deaths very ordinary and common. Not only should it have 
been beneath the attention of the Nighthawks, even the police 
force would avoid wasting resources looking into such obvious 
causes of death. 


However, when he read down the list, he slowly creased his 
eyebrows. 


After two pages, he suddenly lifted his head and looked at 
Leonard. 


“Isn't this too many?” 


When the number of ordinary deaths reached a staggering 
amount, it was difficult to call it normal. 


For once, Leonard nodded seriously and said, “The number of 
death incidents within the past two weeks are five times the 
normal rate. 


“When the Tingen Police headquarters tabulated the data, they 
realized the problem and quickly passed it over to us, as well as 
the Mandated Punishers and the Machinery Hivemind. 


“Although these death incidents appeared normal during initial 
investigations, Captain believes we should investigate them once 
more. It might require the help of divination or ritualistic 
magic.” 


Klein said with a look of enlightenment, “I understand.” 


Leonard snapped his fingers and said, “You, me, and Frye are in 
a team. He’s waiting for us at Iron Cross Street’s Lower Street. 
Seeka, Royale, and Old Neil are in another team, investigating 
corresponding incidents in the North Borough. Captain is staying 
in the security company to respond to any emergencies.” 


“Okay.” Klein nodded solemnly and suddenly thought of 
something. He quickly asked, “Can I drop by my place and leave a 
note?” 


He had to tell his brother and sister that he couldn’t dine at 
home that night because something has cropped up. 


Leonard laughed. 


“No problem, it’s on the way.” 


With that, Klein calmed down and read over the death incidents 
again, intending to find a link among the various names, times, 
and causes of death. 


Then, he suddenly realized something. 


Is this my first group mission after becoming a Nighthawk? 


Chapter 119: The True Lower Street 


Tingen City, 2 Daffodil Street. 


Klein, who had left a note, locked the door and walked briskly 
towards Leonard Mitchell who was waiting by the side of the 
road. 


Leonard’s short black hair had grown a little over the month, 
and the lack of any grooming made it look messy. 


Despite that, his messy hair still complimented his decent looks, 
emerald-colored eyes, and poetic vibes. It exuded a different 
sense of beauty. 


Indeed, any hairstyle depends on the face... Klein lampooned 
inwardly. He pointed in the direction of Iron Cross Street and 
asked, “Is Frye waiting for us there?” 


“yes.” Leonard smoothed his untucked shirt and said casually, 
“Did you notice any clues when you were looking at the 
documents?” 


Klein held his cane in his left hand as he walked along the side 
of the road and said, “No, I cannot find anything common in 
their times, locations, or causes of death. You should know that 
any rituals involving evil gods or devils must be conducted 
within a certain time frame or using a special method.” 


Leonard touched the custom-made revolver hidden underneath 
his shirt, by his waist and chuckled. 


“That isn’t an absolute rule. In my experience, some evil gods or 
devils are easily satisfied, as long as they have a particular 
interest in what is being asked of them. 


“Also, a good number of the deaths seem normal. We have to 
omit them before we can arrive at the real answer.” 


Klein glanced at him and said, “That’s why the Captain asked us 
to investigate once more. To eliminate the normal incidents.” 


“Leonard, your tone and description tell me that you have 
considerable experience in this area, but you have only been a 
member of the Nighthawks for four years, with an average of 
two supernatural incidents a month. Furthermore, a large 
number of those were simple and easy to solve.” 


He always felt that Leonard Mitchell was a little weird and 
mysterious. Not only was he always suspicious of him, believing 
that there was something about him. In addition, his demeanor 
also changed from time to time, sometimes quiet, sometimes 
arrogant, sometimes flippant, sometimes staid. 


“Could it be that you’ve also had a fortuitous encounter? An 
encounter that makes you view yourself as a star in a play?” 
Klein made a rough deduction based on all the movies, novels, 
and dramas he had watched in the past. 


Upon hearing this question, Leonard laughed and said, “That’s 
because youre not a full-fledged Nighthawk yet. You're still in 
the training phase. 


“The Holy Cathedral compiles a record of all supernatural 
encounters experienced by cathedrals of the different dioceses 
and hands it down to its members once every six months. 


“Aside from your mysticism lessons, you can submit an 
application to the Captain and request to enter Chanis Gate to 
read these records.” 


Klein nodded in enlightenment. 


“The Captain has never mentioned this to me.” 


Klein hadn’t had the opportunity to enter Chanis Gate up to this 
point. 


Leonard chuckled and said, “I thought that you were already 
used to the Captain’s style. To think that you are still naively 
waiting for him to remind you...” 


Upon saying that, he added meaningfully, “We must be cautious 
of the Captain if there ever comes a day when he remembers 
everything.” 


Would that mean a loss of control? Klein nodded, his expression 
serious. He then asked, “Is the forgetfulness unique to the 
Captain? I had thought that it was a problem brought about by 
the Sleepless Sequence.” 


Burning the midnight oil usually leads to memory loss... 


“More accurately, it’s a symptom unique to a Nightmare. With 
dreams and reality intertwined, it’s often hard for a person to 
differentiate between what is real and what isn’t. They need to 
remember what isn’t part of reality...” Leonard wanted to 
elaborate further, but they had already arrived at Iron Cross 
Street and found Corpse Collector Frye waiting for them at the 
public carriage station. 


Frye was wearing a round black hat and a trench coat of a 
similar color with a leather briefcase in his hand. He was so pale 
that it made Klein suspect if he would soon collapse at anytime. 
His icy aura made everyone else waiting for the carriage keep 
their distance from him. 


After nodding to each other, the three grouped up silently and 
walked past the Smyrin Bakery before turning onto the Lower 
Street of Iron Cross Street. 


They were immediately faced with a din. Merchants selling clam 
soup, seared fish, ginger beer, and fruits were shouting 
hysterically for attention, causing the pedestrians to 
involuntarily slow down. 


It was already a little past five. People were returning to Iron 
Cross Street, and the sides of the streets were becoming crowded. 
Some children were mixed in the crowd, coldly watching 
everything, placing their attention on the pockets of the 
pedestrians. 


Klein frequently came here for cheap cooked food and was 
familiar with the streets, especially since he had lived in a 
nearby apartment in the past. He reminded the group, “Be 
careful of thieves.” 


Leonard smiled. “You need not mind them.” 


He pulled on his shirt and adjusted the holster of his gun, 
revealing his revolver. 


Suddenly, all the gazes fixed on them shifted away. The 
pedestrians around them instinctively made way. 


Klein froze for a moment, then caught up to Leonard and Frye 
with large steps. He lowered his head, trying hard to avoid being 
noticed by anyone he knew. 


Benson and Melissa still had dealings with the neighbors here. 
After all, they hadn’t moved too far away. 


The three made their way past the area that was had many 
peddlers and turned into the true Lower Street of Iron Cross 
Street. 


The pedestrians here were all dressed in old, ragged clothes. 
They were cautious of strangers wearing bright and beautiful 
clothes; yet, there was also greed in their eyes, like vultures 
eyeing a meal, waiting to strike at any time. But Leonard’s 
revolver prevented any accidents from happening. 


“Let’s first investigate the death from yesterday. We'll begin with 
Mrs. Lauwis, a lady who glued matchboxes together for a living.” 
Leonard flipped his notes and pointed to a place not far away, 
“First floor, No. 134...” 


As the three of them walked forward, children who were playing 
in the streets and dressed in shabby clothes quickly hid by the 
corner of the road. They observed them with eyes full of curiosity 
and fear. 


“Look at their arms and legs, thin as matchsticks.” Leonard 
sighed. He entered building No. 134 first. 


Air that was a mixture of numerous scents entered Klein’s 
nostrils. He could faintly detect the stench of urine, sweat, and 
mold, as well as the smell of burning coal. 


Klein couldn’t help but pinch his nose. He then saw Bitsch 
Mountbatten who had been waiting there for them. 


Officer Mountbatten had a brownish-yellow mustache and was 
envious of Leonard’s rank of inspector. 


“Sir, I have already asked Lauwis to wait in his room,” Bitsch 
Mountbatten said with his unique, shrill voice. 


He clearly didn’t recognize Klein, who now looked more 
energized and proper. All he cared about was sucking up to the 
three officers in front of him as he led them to the Lauwis 
family on the first floor. 


It was a simple apartment. There was a bunk bed laid upright 
inside the room and a desk filled with glue and hard paper on 
the right side. The corner of the room was piled full of frames for 
matchboxes, while an old cabinet sat on the left, acting as a 
storage space for both clothes and cutlery. 


A stove, toilet, and a small amount of coal and timber occupied 
the two sides of the door, while the center of the room was 
occupied by two dirty mattresses. A man was sleeping under a 
torn blanket, leaving no space for anyone to walk. 


A lady lay on the lower level of the bunk bed, her skin ice cold. It 
was Clear that she had lost all signs of life. 


Beside the corpse sat a man in his thirties. He had oily hair, 
looked dispirited, and his eyes had lost their luster. 


“Lauwis, these three officers are here to examine the body and 
ask you questions,” Bitsch Mountbatten shouted, without any 


regard for the sleeping man. 


The dispirited man looked up weakly and asked in surprise, 
“Didn’t someone already examine the corpse and question me?” 


He was dressed in a grayish-blue worker’s uniform which had 
visible signs of being mended multiple times. 


“Answer when I tell you to! Why do you have so many 
questions?” Bitsch Mountbatten berated the man, then turned to 
Leonard, Klein, and Frye. “Officers, this is Lauwis. The person on 
the bed is his wife, who is also the deceased. According to our 
preliminary analysis, she died from a sudden illness.” 


Klein and the rest tiptoed to the edge of the bed. 


The high-nosed, thin-lipped Frye did not say anything with his 
cold demeanor. Instead, he patted Lauwis gently, signaling for 
the man to make way so that he could examine the body. 


Klein looked at the sleeping man and asked, “This is?” 


“M-my tenant.” Lauwis rubbed his forehead as he said, “The rent 
for this room is three soli ten pence a week. I’m only a worker at 
the harbor, and my wife made two and a quarter pence per crate 
of glued matchboxes. Each crate h-has, up to 130 boxes. We, we 
also have a child. We can only rent the rest of the space to 
someone else. We only charge a soli a week for the mattress...” 


“I have a tenant who’s helping out at the theater, and he’s not 
back before 10 at night. He sold his rights to the mattress in the 
daytime to t-this man. He’s the person who watches over the 
gate of the theater at night, so he only pays six pence every 


week...” 


Hearing the other party stammer as he explained, Klein couldn’t 
help but look at the crate in the corner of the room. 


One crate had 130 matchboxes and only earned them 2.25 pence, 
about the cost of two pounds of black bread... How many crates 
could she manage a day [1|? 


Leonard surveyed the surroundings and asked, “Was your wife 
acting abnormally prior to her death?” 


Lauwis, who had been asked similar questions, pointed to the 
left side of his left chest and said, “From last week, well— 
perhaps the week before, she said that she felt stuffy in this area 
and couldn’t catch her breath.” 


The precursor to a heart condition? A normal death? Klein 
interrupted, “Did you see how she died?” 


Lauwis recalled, “She stopped working after sunset. Candles and 
gas are more expensive than matchboxes... She said that she was 
very tired and asked me to talk to the kids and let her rest. When 
I saw her again, she had a-already stopped breathing.” 


Lauwis could no longer hide his grief and pain when he said 
that. 


Klein and Leonard asked several questions, but could not find 
anything unnatural about the death. 


After they looked at each other, Leonard said, “Mr. Lauwis, please 


wait outside for a few minutes. We are going to conduct a 
thorough examination of the corpse. I don’t think that you'll 
want to see that.” 


“Alright.” Lauwis stood up anxiously. 


Bitsch Mountbatten walked toward the mattress and kicked the 
tenant, violently chasing him out of the apartment. He then 
closed the door and guarded the room from the outside. 


“So?” Leonard looked at Frye. 


“She died of a heart attack,” Frye said with certainty, retracting 
his hands. 


Klein thought for a moment before taking out a half-penny, 
intending to do a quick judgment. 


“Mrs. Lauwis’s heart attack was due to supernatural causes?” No, 
that is too narrow, the answer might be misleading... Hmm, 
“There are supernatural factors influencing Mrs Lauwis’s death.” 
I'll use that! He quickly decided on a statement. 


As he recited the statement, Klein made his way to the side of 
Mrs Lauwis’s corpse. His eyes turned darker as he tossed the 
coin. 


The sound of the coin reverberated around the room as it fell, 
straight into Klein’s palm. 


This time, the portrait of the king was facing up. 


This meant that there were supernatural factors influencing 
Mrs. Lauwis’s death! 


1. During the Victorian era, a crate is 144 matchboxes. The 
labor was worth 2.25 pence. A woman who works the 
entire day can do at most 7 crates. 


Chapter 120: Workhouse 


“There is the presence of supernatural factors...” Klein’s eyes 
returned to normal, and he looked at Leonard and Frye. 


Leonard suddenly chuckled. 
“Very professional, and deserving of the title of Seer.” 
Are you trying to hint at something... Klein muttered in his head. 


Frye opened his suitcase and took out a silver knife and other 
tools. He paused and asked, “The corpse tells me that she really 
died of a sudden heart attack. Do you have any way to divine a 
more detailed answer?” 


Klein nodded seriously and said, “I can attempt to combine a 
mediumship ritual and a dream divination. Hopefully, rll be able 
to obtain something from Mrs. Lauwis’s remaining spirituality.” 


Frye maintained his cold and reserved state. He took two steps 
back and said, “Give it a try.” 


He turned his head sideways and looked at Klein. He suddenly 
sighed without much fluctuation in his tone. “You're getting 
more and more used to this kind of situation.” 


It’s not like I wanted it... Klein had an urge to cry. He then took 
out the bottles of extracts, essential oils, and herbal powder. 
Then, he quickly set up the mediumship ritual. 


He chanted the honored titles of the Evernight Goddess in the 
middle of the spirituality wall and recited his prayers in Hermes. 


Soon, wind spun around him and the light grew dimmer. 


Klein’s eyes turned entirely black, and he repeated the divination 
statement, “The cause of Mrs. Lauwis’s death. 


“The cause of Mrs. Lauwis’s death.” 


He entered the dreamland whilst standing and ‘saw a 
translucent spirit lingering around the corpse. 


Then, he extended his illusory right hand to touch Mrs. Lauwis’s 
remaining spirituality. 


In an instance, light burst out in front of him as scenes flashed 
past, one after another. 


There was a skinny and sallow lady dressed in ragged clothes, 
busily making matchboxes. 


She suddenly paused and held her chest. 


She was speaking to her two children. 


Her body wavered as she gasped for air. 


She was buying black bread when someone suddenly patted her. 


She was having the symptoms of a heart attack again and again. 


She was feeling weary and got into bed, but she never woke up 
ever again. 


Klein observed every single detail, intending to look for a trace of 
the supernatural factor. But when everything ended, he still 
hadn't gained any clues. As the blurriness shattered, Klein left 
the dreamland and returned to reality. 


He dispelled the wall of spirituality and said to the waiting Frye 
and amused Leonard, 


“There were no direct symptoms. Most of the scenes revealed 
that Mrs. Lauwis had a heart ailment a long time ago. The only 
scene that was different was when Mrs. Lauwis was patted on 
the back by someone. The hand was fair and slender, apparently 


’ ” 


a womans. 


“For such a family, they wouldn’t go to a doctor unless they’re 
very, very sick. Even if they were to queue at a free charity 
hospital, time is not something they can afford to lose. A day 
without work might mean no food on the table the next day.” 
Leonard sighed emotionally like a poet. 


Frye looked at the corpse on the bed and sighed lightly. 


Before Klein spoke, Leonard quickly got out of his pensive state 
and said thoughtfully, “Are you implying that the supernatural 
factor came into play when Mrs. Lauwis was patted? It came 
from the slender hand of a lady or madam?” 


Klein nodded and replied, “Yes, but this is merely my 
interpretation. Divination is always unclear.” 


The conversation ended. He and Leonard stepped back to the 
other side of the bed and allowed Frye to take out his tools from 
his suitcase without any disturbance, so he could do a further 
examination. 


After Frye was done, they waited as he packed up his tools. After 
cleaning up and covering the corpse, he turned around and said, 
“Her death was caused by a natural heart disease. There’s no 
doubt about it.” 


Upon hearing the conclusion, Leonard paced back and forth. He 
even walked to the side of the door, paused for quite a while 
before saying, “That’s it for now. Let’s head over to the 
workhouse in West Borough. We'll see if we can find other clues. 
Maybe we can link the two incidents together.” 


“Okay, we can only hope,” Klein agreed, still filled with 
puzzlement. 


Frye picked up his suitcase and while skipping and walking, he 
carefully went across the two floor mattresses without stepping 
on anyone’s blanket. 


Leonard opened the door and walked out of the room first. He 
told Lauwis and the tenant, “You can return home now.” 


Klein thought for a moment before adding, “Don’t be in a hurry 
to bury the body. Wait for another day, as there might be one 
more thorough examination.” 


“A-alright, Officer.” Lauwis bowed lightly and replied in a hurry. 
Then, feeling numbed and lost, he said, “A-actually, I... I don’t 
have the money to bury her just yet. I have to save for another 
few days, just a few more days. Luckily, the weather is turning 
cold.” 


Klein was shocked and asked, “You plan on letting the corpse 
remain in the room for a few days?” 


Lauwis forced a smile and replied, “Yea, thankfully, the weather 
became colder recently. I can move the body onto the table at 
night. When we eat, I can carry her to the bed...” 


Before he finished what he had to say, Frye suddenly 
interrupted, “I’ve left you money for the burial next to your wife.” 


After saying those words in absolute calmness, he exited the 
apartment directly, unbothered by Lauwis’s shocked expression 
and gratitude that followed. 


Klein followed closely and thought of a question. 


If the weather was still as hot as June or July, how would Lauwis 
deal with his wife’s corpse? 


Pick a very dark night with strong winds, throw the corpse into 
the Tussock River or the Khoy River? Or just dig a hole and bury 
her? 


Klein knew that the law requiring a cemetery burial had been 
established more than a thousand years ago, at the end of the 
previous Epoch. The seven major churches and imperial 
households from each country had approved the law in order to 


cut down on the number of water ghosts, zombies, and restless 
wraiths. 


Each country provided free land, while each church was in 
charge of keeping watch and patrolling. They only charged 
minimum fees for cremation and burial in order to pay for the 
necessary labor force. 


But even so, the truly poor still couldn't afford it. 


After leaving 134 Iron Cross Street at Lower Street, the three 
Nighthawks and Bitsch Mountbatten parted ways. Silently, they 
took a turn to the nearby workhouse in West Borough. 


As they got closer, Klein saw a long queue. It was just like when 
the people from the Foodaholic Empire on earth queued for a 
shop that gone viral on the Internet. The place was packed. 


“There’s about a hundred, no, closer to two hundred,” he 
muttered in surprised. He saw the people queuing were in 
tattered clothes with numb expressions. They only occasionally 
looked towards the door of the workhouse impatiently. 


Frye slowed down and said coldly, “There is a limit to the 
number of homeless poor each workhouse will accept daily. 
They can only take them in based on the queue order. Of course, 
the workhouse will examine and refuse entry to those who fail 
to meet the criteria.” 


“The economic recession in the recent months has played a part 
too...” Leonard sighed. 


“Those who don’t manage to queue will have to figure out a way 


of their own?” Klein asked subconsciously. 


“They can also try their luck in the other workhouses. Different 
workhouses have different operating hours. However, each one 
has the same long line. Some of them would wait from two in 
the afternoon.” Frye paused. “The rest of the people mostly starve 
for a day. Then, they lose their ability to find a job and fall into a 
vicious cycle that leads directly to death. Those who can’t 
withstand the hardship end up losing their struggle to stay on 
the good side of the law...” 


Klein fell silent for a few seconds before letting out a sigh. 


“The newspapers never publish any of this... Mr. Frye, I hardly 
ever hear you speak so much.” 


“I was once a pastor in a workhouse of the Goddess.” Frye 
maintained his cold attitude. 


When the three of them arrived at the door of the workhouse in 
West Borough, they showed their identity documents to the 
doorkeeper, who was eyeing the queuers arrogantly, before they 
were taken into the workhouse. 


The workhouse was transformed from an old church. There 
were mattresses and hammocks all over the Mass hall. The 
pungent scent of sweat mixed with the smell of Athlete’s foot 
permeated every corner. 


In and out of the hall, there were many poor families. Some 
swung hammers to break rocks, some picked oakum; no one 
was free. 


“In order to not let poor people rely too much on workhouses and 
turn into scoundrels, the Poor Law established in 1336 enforced a 
rule whereby every poor person can only stay in the workhouse 
for five days at most. Any longer than that, one would be cast 
out. During the five days, they have to do manual labor, such as 
breaking rocks or picking oakum. These are the same tasks that 
criminals in prison do,” Frye explained to Klein and Leonard 
briefly without much emotion. 


Leonard opened his mouth, and no one was sure if he was 
teasing or explaining, “When they leave this workhouse, they 
could go to another one. Of course, they might not be able to 
move in. Heh, perhaps, to some people, poor people are like 
criminals.” 


“Picking oakum?” Klein was quiet. He didn’t know what else to 
ask. 


“The fibers of old ropes are actually a great material to seal the 
gaps in boats.” Frye stopped and found a burnt mark on the 
ground. 


A few minutes later, the director and pastor of the workhouse 
rushed over. They were both men in their forties. 


“Salus started the fire here and only burnt himself to death?” 
Leonard asked, pointing at the ashen mark on the ground. 


The director of the workhouse was a man with a broad, bumpy 
forehead. He scanned the area where Inspector Mitchell was 
pointing with blue eyes and nodded in affirmation. 


“Yes.” 


“Before that, did Salus act strangely in any way?” Klein asked. 


The director of the workhouse thought and said, “According to 
the person that slept next to him, Salus had been chanting ‘The 
Lord has given up on me’, ‘The world is too filthy’, ‘I have nothing 
left’, stuff along those lines. He was filled with resentment and 
hopelessness. But no one expected him to break all the kerosene 
lamps and start a fire to burn the place down while everyone 
was sleeping. Thank the Lord, someone found out in time and 
stopped his wicked act.” 


Klein and Leonard then found a few people who had slept next to 
Salus the night before, and they also found the guard that 
stopped the tragedy. However, those people didn’t have anything 
new to tell them. 


Of course, they used Spirit Vision, divination, and other methods 
to check if any of the people were lying or misleading them. 


“It seems that Salus long had the idea to take revenge and self- 
destruct. It seems to be a very normal case.” Leonard waited till 
the director and the pastor left to express his opinion. 


Klein pondered and said, “My divination tells me that there 
wasn’t any supernatural factors influencing this case.” 


“Let's eliminate Salus’s fire case temporarily,” Leonard 
concluded. 


Just then, Frye suddenly said, “No, maybe there is another 
possibility. For example, Salus acted at the instigation of 
someone else, a Beyonder who didn’t take any supernatural 
measures.” 


Klein’s eyes lit up as he echoed, “It’s very possible, such as the 
Instigator from before!” 


Instigator Tris! 


But that wouldn’t have any connection with Mrs. Lauwis’s death... 
He thought, creasing his eyebrows lightly. 


Chapter 121: Leonard’s Hypothesis 


After hearing Klein’s and Frye’s guesses, Leonard tugged on his 
collar and paced about, saying, “Then we have to investigate 
everyone in the workhouse who came into contact with Salus, as 
well as everyone he came across after he went bankrupt and 
was chased out of the house. It’s very troublesome indeed... Time 
is of the essence. Let’s split up and do a cursory check here, then 
head to the third reported death in the West Borough and leave 
the rest to the police.” 


“Alright,” Klein answered without hesitation. 


Frye didn’t have any objections. He turned towards the people 
who had been sleeping near Salus last night. 


Klein was about to find someone to question when he suddenly 
saw Leonard shooting looks at him. He was motioning at the 
side hall of the workhouse with his chin. 


What does he want? Klein was a little lost. He acted as though 
nothing had happened and strolled around the hall, then 
followed Leonard into the side hall while Frye was distracted. 
They made their way through the partition to a silent corner 
which had no one else around. 


“I have a hypothesis,” Leonard suddenly said, stopping in front of 
a shattered window. 


Klein looked around in confusion. “What’s your hypothesis?” 


Leonard with his deep green eyes, he returned a question, “If 


there were no supernatural factors, what do you think Mrs. 
Lauwis’s outcome would've been?” 


Klein thought for a moment, then said solemnly, “The same, just 
delayed by a week or two, perhaps a month. But to a family like 
theirs, they would’ve only seen the doctor when she really was at 
her limit. As long as her heart problems turned for the worse, 
there would be no way for her to be saved.” 


“Then what about Salus? If he hadn’t been instigated by 
someone, what kind of end would he have?” Leonard asked 
again. 


Klein pondered and said, “From the description in the 
information, Salus was already very angry about his bankruptcy, 
and was furious that no one saved him. I think that he would’ve 
exacted his vengeance sooner or later, but not at the people at 
the workhouse. He might’ve targeted the boss that made him 
bankrupt or the staff of the bank that seized his house.” 


“What would the result of his revenge be?” Leonard pressed on. 


“without a doubt, he had already decided to end his life. He 
would have died no matter what the result of his revenge was.” 
Klein gave an affirmative answer. 


Leonard nodded and revealed his signature flippant smile. 


“Then can we conclude that Mrs Lauwis and Salus were both 
people fated to die soon? 


Klein was a ‘knowledgeable’ keyboard warrior. Upon hearing the 
question, he immediately had a guess. 


“youre saying that their deaths were moved forward by some 
supernatural factors? But why?” 


“A more accurate description would be, their ‘life force’ had been 
shortened by some supernatural factor. It was stolen. And life 
force is the best material when it comes to summoning evil gods 
and devils or conducting terrifying curses.” Leonard smiled as he 
corrected Klein’s guess. 


“Summoning evil gods and devils or conducting terrifying 
curses...” Klein looked into Leonard’s emerald eyes and said, half 
in doubt, “You seem to be very sure of this? But, for the time 
being, our investigation sample is only at two...” 


Leonard laughed cynically. “Klein, there’s no need for any 
pretense between us. I saw you break free from the control of 
Sealed Artifact 2-049, and I know that you're special. And you 
should be able to sense that I’m a little different from the 
average Beyonder.” 


His smile disappeared as he looked into Klein’s eyes. 


“Ive told you that there are many special people in this world 
that can always do things others can’t, such as you... and me. 


“This world has a long history. There are many magical items 
that people wish to obtain, to control. They wish to become the 
stars of their own show. There aren’t many people like that, but 
it’s impossible that there are only one or two of them. 


“I don’t think that a Beyonder with his or her secrets is a bad 
person or an evil thug. I don’t think that we even need to be clear 
on where their special abilities come from, and what they 
represent... As long as your actions are not endangering me, the 
Nighthawks, or Tingen City, then you're still my partner. 


Similarly, I hope that you'll look at me with the same attitude. Of 
course, it’s best not to speak of this to the higher-ups. Those 
fogies are old fashioned and conservative, always thinking that 
special people like us will definitely lose control, definitely feel 
the pull and temptation of the evil gods or devils.” 


But I have more secrets than you can ever imagine... Klein 
thought to himself. He said frankly, “I share the same 
sentiments as you. I'll only look at your actions and your motives 
and don’t care about how special you are. I will also try not to 
probe into your secrets.” 


After saying this, he added in his heart, No, actually I do mind 
and am very curious, but I’m putting up with it for now. Hmm, 
Leonard thinks that he is the star of a show? What kind of 
encounters did he have, and what kind of magical items does he 
possess? 


Leonard unfastened the buttons of his shirt and nodded with a 
chuckle. 


“Tm glad that we have this understanding. 


“In action novels, this is called the meeting of two protagonists. 
The wheels of history are set in motion. 


How shameless! Klein gave a perfunctory smile. 


He knew that the phrase “wheels of history are set in motion” 
came from Emperor Roselle... 


Leonard paced around quickly, his green eyes brightened as he 
curled the corners of his mouth. 


“Alright, Pll be honest; ’'m quite confident that the victims of 
these deaths would’ve died within the next three months, but 
their deaths have been brought forward to the past two weeks by 
someone, through some means. The other party’s motive should 
be to summon evil gods or devils, or conduct a terrifying, large- 
scale curse.” 


“It is easy for the culprit to hide their murders, given that their 
victims already showed signs that they were going to die soon. 
This wouldn’t attract the attention of the police department, or 
be disrupted by the Nighthawks, Mandated Punishers, or 
Machinery Hivemind during the culprit’s preparatory phase...” 
Klein muttered to himself and analyzed the culprit’s thought 
process. 


Leonard smiled and agreed, “That’s right. If three healthy, 
normal people were to suddenly drop dead, it would definitely 
attract attention and bring about an investigation.” 


“Then how are we going to find the altar used for the ritual? 
Regardless of whether the culprit wants to summon an evil god, 
devil, or conduct a terrible curse, he or she would need a 
sacrificial altar, a ritual. The harvested life force would also have 
to be stored in a similar place.” Klein chose to believe in Leonard, 
for he didn’t have any other clues and was unable to make any 
other deductions. 


It doesn’t hurt to try! 


Leonard laughed and said, “Klein, isn’t that within your 
professional domain? Can’t you imagine what is happening 
around an altar like that?” 


Without waiting for Klein to answer, Leonard described, “A thick 
aura of death with the altar at the center. There wouldn't be any 
living things other than the person conducting the ritual in a 


ten-meter radius. The surrounding temperature would be at 
least five degrees lower than the average temperature, with a 
cold wind blowing past it continuously... And the stolen life force 
of Mrs. Lauwis and the rest will remain within the altar, sealed 
by a wall of spirituality...” 


Having said that, he looked at Klein and teased, “I think that you 
would be able to divine roughly where an altar with the 
following qualities would be.” 


Klein frowned slightly and replied solemnly, “As long as it’s 
within Tingen City. Furthermore, I would need a quiet place 
where I wouldn’t be disturbed. My house, for example. I would 
also need the personal belongings of Mrs. Lauwis and the rest, as 
well.” 


Klein’s heart also skipped a beat. He felt that Leonard was a little 
too knowledgeable in the dark arts. 


“No problem.” Leonard laughed. He suddenly stepped past Klein 
and walked toward the hall, not saying anything more. 


That man sure has a unique style... Klein cursed in his heart and 
followed. 


When Leonard found Frye seriously taking notes, he put on a 
serious tone and said, “I have a hypothesis and was hoping that 
Klein would give it a try.” 


“What hypothesis?” Frye asked, appearing cold. 


“Tl tell you if there is a result. I don’t want to be laughed at by 
Rozanne and the rest.” Leonard gave a whimsical excuse and 


changed the subject. 


Frye didn’t ask any further. He acted according to the 
instructions and obtained Salus’s and Mrs Lauwis’s personal 
belongings from the nearby police station, then met his partners 
at Klein’s house. 


“Wait in the living room and don’t let anybody disturb me.” Klein 
took out his pocket watch and looked at the time. 


It was about six now. Melissa might come back at anytime. 


“you can trust us.” Leonard put his hands on his hips and paced 
around the living room. Frye sat silently on the sofa. 


Does Leonard have ADHD? Klein pouted and went to his room on 
the second floor. He locked the door and sealed the room with a 
wall of spirituality. 


After which, he set up an altar and asked for the help of the 
goddess, eliminating any disturbances. 


Then, Klein wrote a divination statement on a piece of paper. 


“The position of the altar.” 


He gave a Sweeping statement to prevent himself from missing 
out on any information. 


Grabbing the piece of paper and the belongings of the dead, Klein 
laid down on his bed. He first recalled the scene Leonard 


described, then silently recited the statement seven times. 


He didn’t try using the world of fog, firstly, because that weird 
and mysterious Leonard was downstairs. Who knew if he would 
notice something weird about the ritual. Secondly, his Seer 
potion was about to be completely digested. It was likely that the 
aid of the ritual was sufficient for the success of his divination. 


Klein would only consider finding an opportunity to enter the 
world of fog if he didn’t get a result. After all, the summoning of 
an evil god or devil was something that could threaten Benson, 
Melissa, and himself! 


With the help of Cogitation, he quickly entered the dream and 
saw a hazy, illusory, fragmented scene. 


Soon after, an image floated before his eyes. 


It was a two-story grayish-blue house bathed in a sunset glow. 
The windows of the first floor were shut tight and the dark 
curtains had no gaps. However, they expanded and contracted 
from time to time. 


The soil around the house was dark brown, but nothing was 
growing in it. The garden around the house seemed to be covered 
in shadows, dilapidated, and dark. 


There was a river flowing silently near the house. 


Sometime later, Klein exited the dream, having not seen 


anything else. 


Leonard’s hypothesis was correct... Where could that building be? 
There are too many rivers in Tingen City, such as the West 
Borough, Southwest Borough, the harbor area, the university 
area... He opened his eyes and rubbed his temples as he thought, 
his expression serious. 


Chapter 122: Target Building 


2 Daffodil Street. Inside the living room that was painted with 
the luster of dusk. 


Klein stood in front of the oriel window as he told Frye and 
Leonard. 


“My divination revealed something. I saw a grayish-blue two- 
story building in my dream. The windows on the first floor were 
all shut tight, and the curtains were drawn. It’s surrounded by a 
few meters of brown soil without any greenery or flowers. It also 
has a terribly gloomy garden, just like the kind you find in a 
horror story. 


“The only characteristic that can be used to identify it is a nearby 
river, a Slightly broad river. 


“It might be the Tussock River or Khoy River. We could only find 
out through process of elimination. Hopefully we can still make 
it in time.” 


The Tussock River was the biggest river in the Loen Kingdom, 
coming down from the northwest where the Mirminsk 
mountain was. It flowed towards the southeast, passing by the 
Midseashire, Awwa County, and then passing through the 
capital, Backlund, and into the sea near Pritz Harbor. 


The locations where it converged in Tingen City included the 
southwest corner of the West Borough and the harbor in the 
South Borough. The source of the Khoy River came from the 
northern York Mountain as it passed through the university 
district in the East Borough and locally merged with the Tussock 


River. 


Those were the two main rivers around Tingen. The rest could 
only be considered streams, and none of them had an expansive 
water surface. 


Upon hearing Klein’s description, the pale and cold Frye nodded 
lightly in agreement. 


Since there were no other clues, process of elimination was the 
only efficient method! 


Just then, Leonard smiled and said, “Perhaps we can narrow 
down the possible locations of the target.” 


“How do we narrow down the possibilities?” Klein frowned and 
asked in reply as he looked at the silver vine-leaf pocket watch. 


Leonard chuckled. 


“A criminal with a plan and a goal would select targets 
somewhere far away from the location of his altar. This is a 
result of their natural instinct—to be safe. 


“Only when there aren’t many soon-to-be-dead people left in the 
areas far from his altar would he consider the nearer targets. 


“So, we should read through the information again, exclude the 
areas where the number of death incidents rose rapidly above 
average standards. 


Klein’s eyes lit up when he heard that. 


“Brilliant conjecture!” 


At the same time, he sighed inwardly, I really don’t have the 
talent to be a detective! 


Frye nodded and picked up the documents on the coffee table 
and started reading it again. 


After a few minutes, he deepened his hoarse voice and said, 
“There really is such a region, and there’s only one possibility.” 


“Which area?” Klein asked. 


Frye passed the thick stack of information to Leonard who was 
next to him. He pursed his thin lips and said, “West Borough.” 


It’s the West Borough? Klein clenched his fist and immediately 
suggested, 


“Then let’s search the southwestern area of West Borough. That 
area isn’t huge!” 


“I agree,” Leonard echoed as he waved the papers in his hands in 
agreement, as though he wasn’t the one who _ suggested 
narrowing down the scope of their search. 


The two-wheeled carriage slowly drove along the muddy road. 
Beside them, the red and orange glow of the sunset reflected off 
of a broad river that was colored with the twilight radiance of 
the sunset. 


Klein and Frye looked out the windows from both sides of the 
carriage, inspecting one house after another. They were 
searching for a grayish-blue house with a dilapidated garden. If 
possible, they would take note if the curtains on the first floor 
was drawn. 


Leonard leisurely sat in his original spot, leaning against the 
wall of the carriage as he hummed a popular local tune. 


The dim scenery flew past, and Klein caught sight of a grayish- 
blue two-story building from the corner of his eye 


In front of the building was a gloomy garden that appeared in 
ruins. 


“Found it!” Klein said while suppressing his voice. 


Before he finished his sentence, Frye and Leonard squeezed over 
to look out the window. There was almost no space between 
them. 


As the carriage drew closer to the building, the dark curtains that 
were drawn on the first floor appeared before the three 
Nighthawks’ eyes. 


Klein didn’t even need to divine whether they had the right 
building; he was completely certain that it was the building that 
he saw in his dream. That was where the evil altar was set up! 


None of them stopped the carriage, but instead allowed the 
carriage driver to continue driving forward. They passed their 
target and continued away from it, as though they were just 
passing by. 


When they could no longer see the building when they turned 
around, Leonard told the driver to stop the carriage. 


“Klein, return to Zouteland Street in this carriage and tell the 
Captain to come here for assistance.” Leonard snapped his 
fingers and smirked at his teammate. 


Is he thinking of me as a rookie and that I shouldn't be involved in 
such a dangerous mission? This fellow is still quite a nice guy... 
Klein was stunned as he realized what Leonard meant. 


Frye nodded in agreement. 


“You just started combat training and your job is a support role.” 


I know, and a person who could kill so many in order to hold a 
ritual won’t be an easy opponent. Only the Captain could make 
this situation less terrifying... Klein took a breath and agreed 
rationally. 


He looked at Leonard, then at Frye before forcing a smile and 
said, “Be careful.” 


“Don't worry, I cherish my life a lot. Until the Captain arrives, 
we'll only keep watch, and we won’t get close.” Leonard smiled. 


Frye didn’t say anything but only picked up his suitcase. 


Klein was quiet for a while, he then took out a copper penny and 
said, “Let me divine once for you.” 


He chanted, “What will happen here will lead to a good 
outcome.” He flipped the coin at the same time his eyes turned 
dark. 


Dang! 


The coin flipped into the air, then landed firmly in Klein’s palm. 


Klein looked and saw it was the King’s head. He immediately let 
out a breath of relief. 


“It’s only a blurry symbol, so there are other interpretations. The 
most important thing is to be careful and prudent at all times,” 
he explained to Frye and Leonard like a Seer would do. 


Leonard had already turned around. He waved and jumped off 
the carriage. 


“AS naggy as my eighty-year-old grandma...” 


Frye nodded seriously and got off with his suitcase. 


Watching both his teammates head towards the target building, 
Klein touched the revolver in his underarm holster and told the 
driver, “Zouteland Street.” 


The driver, who had been hired by the hour, didn’t object but 
allowed the horses to continue the journey. 


36 Zouteland Street. 


When Klein entered the Blackthorn Security Company, Rozanne, 
Mrs. Orianna, and the others had already gotten off work. It was 
unusually quiet and dim. 


Dunn was sitting on the sofa in the guest area. The gas lamp was 
unlit, and he seemed to blend into the darkness in his black 
trench coat. 


“Found any clues?” Klein, who was searching for the Captain, 
was given a shock by Dunn’s deep voice. 


Klein quickly turned around and looked into Dunn’s gray eyes as 
he said, “Yes, we...” 


He quickly told him about Leonard’s bold hypothesis, his 
confirmation via divination, and the subsequent discovery of the 
house. 


As for Leonard’s confidence and the uniqueness that Leonard had 
discussed, they were unimportant and obviously not worth 
mentioning. 


Dunn cut in from time to time. When the briefing ended, he 
abruptly stood up and walked towards the door. 


When he was almost down the stairs, he turned around and 
said, “I almost forgot; you stay here just in case there are any 
emergencies here.” 


“Alright.” Klein nodded solemnly. 


At that very moment, other than Kenley who was on duty 
guarding Chanis Gate, the other Nighthawks were busy in the 
field. 


Dunn Smith ran down a few steps and suddenly stopped. As he 
put on his hat, he shouted at Klein through the door, “Lock the 
door and follow me. Heh, we won’t need you to join the battle. 
First, you can get a sense of the atmosphere, and second, we 
might require the assistance of ritualistic magic during the final 
search or inspection. Remember, until everything is over, you 
have to be at least fifty meters away. You cannot get close to the 
building!” 


Klein was stunned and nodded firmly. 


“Alright!” 


The sun sank beneath the horizon, and the surging Tussock River 
turned eerie and dark. 


Dark clouds obscured the crimson moon, making the grayish- 
blue two-story building look like a monster hidden in the 
shadows. 


The garden before the building was extremely quiet. It was as 
though it didn’t have any insects, nor any other forms of life. 


Klein looked at the scene from a distance, his palms sweating 


and his body shivering. 


He felt that there were countless terrifying things hidden, 
waiting, and hungry for a bloody feast. 


He watched Dunn, Leonard, and Frye move carefully towards the 
target building, blending into the darkness. 


On the second floor of the grayish-blue building, in the bedroom 
without any lights. 


A gentle and sweet young maiden with a round face was seated 
before her dressing table, looking carefully at her face after the 
complicated skin care routine she had just completed. 


There was a silver mirror next to her right hand, its surface 
coarsely ground, almost unable to reflect a figure. 


Suddenly, a stream of blood seeped out from the mirror. 


The expression of the gentle and sweet-looking Trissy suddenly 
grew grave. She stood up, walked to the window, and looked out 
in silence. 


Chapter 122: Beyontler Battle 


Vines grew all over the dilapidated garden outside the glass 
windows. The river flowed softly, reflecting the stars in the sky 
as warm glows suffused out of the nearby buildings. 


Everything was silent, as if awaiting the arrival of night. 


Trissy, who had ordinary features which combined to make her 
look surprisingly beautiful, retracted her gaze and walked 
quickly towards the clothes rack to retrieve a long black robe 
fitted with a hood. 


She quickly put the robe on, fastened the buttons and belt before 
pulling the hood over her head, transforming herself into an 
Assassin. 


Trissy raised her right hand and swiped her face, immediately 
turning her appearance under the hood blurry. 


Right on the heels of that, she grabbed a handful of shimmering 
powder from the hidden pouch near her waist and scattered it 
over herself while reciting an incantation. 


Trissy’s figure started to disappear bit by bit, her outline 
vanishing like how pencil marks were being erased by an eraser. 


She silently left the bedroom after completing her concealment 
spell. She moved to the opposite room and then opened the non- 
grilled window. 


With a light leap, Trissy stood on the window sill and looked 
over the grassy plains to the back of the building. She looked 
down at the steel fence that had seemingly fused with the night. 
There, she saw Corpse Collector Frye who was silently making 
his way over the fence. 


She took in a deep breath and fluttered down like a feather, 
stepping onto the grassy field without a sound. 


Frye, who was wearing a black trench coat, cautiously surveyed 
the surroundings with his custom revolver in his hand, seeking 
out vengeful spirits or evil spirits that might appear. 


He could see such entities directly! 


Trissy approached Frye silently, made her way behind him. It 
was unknown when a dagger smeared with ‘black paint 
appeared in her hand. 


Poof! 


She struck quickly, plunging the dagger into Frye’s lower back. 


But at this moment, the scene in front of her shattered, as if 
everything was an illusion. 


Trissy realized that she was still standing on the window sill, 
still looking over the grassy field and the steel fence. 


Except this time around, it wasn’t only Corpse Collector Frye who 
was standing outside the fence. There was also Leonard Mitchell 
who was aiming straight at the window sill, as well as Dunn 


Smith. The captain of the Nighthawks was hunched over as he 
pressed down on his glabella, his eyes closed as formless ripples 
spread outwards from him. 


Trissy’s pupils constricted. She understood that everything that 
had happened was just a dream. She had fallen asleep 
unknowingly! 


Bang! Bang! Bang! 


Leonard and Frye fired three shots, accurately hitting the 
invisible target who was still waking up from her reverie. 


Crack! 


Trissy’s figure started to appear, first cracking, then completely 
shattering into fragments of a rough silver mirror! 


Inside the building, Trissy, who had used a substitution spell, 
turned around to escape. She followed the corridor and the steps, 
sprinting all the way to the first floor. 


Whoosh! A cold sinister wind blew across the first floor, one that 
could freeze a person. Formless, transparent figures were 
numbly pacing around every corner of the building in a daze. 


Trissy, who had lost her concealment, felt her temperature drop 
every time she passed through the spirits. She could no longer 
control her shivers when she finally reached the sacrificial altar. 


The altar was a round table, with a figurine of a deity carved out 
of bone placed in the center. 


This figurine was about the size of a grown man’s head, with 
only a mere indication of her eyes, but the figure was that of a 
beautiful woman. 


Her hair extended from her head to her heels, each strand clear 
and thick, as if they were poisonous snakes or tentacles. 


There was only one eye situated at the tip of every strand of hair, 
some closed, others open. 


There were many puppets strewn around the figurine. The 
craftsmanship of the puppets was crude. Names and relevant 
information were written on the puppets; for example, Joyce 
Mayer. 


There were three candles on the table, flickering with a 
yellowish-green flame despite the cold, sinister winds. 


Trissy bowed at the deity’ figurine and quickly recited her 
incantations. 


She then pushed away the puppets and extinguished the flames 
of the candles before picking the figurine up. 


Whoosh! 


The winds howled fiercely as they shook the closed windows 
violently. 


Clank! Creak! Shards of glass flew around in all directions. 


Frye, who had just made his way to the other side of the 
building, didn’t dare to barge into the sacrificial altar recklessly. 
He shivered, feeling his blood turn cold and frosty. It was making 
his actions visibly slower. 


Suddenly, he felt tightness around his heels as though they had 
been grabbed by something invisible. 


An accentuated sense of coldness spread upwards from the point 
of contact. A Sequence 9 Beyonder would have turned completely 
numb by now. But as a Corpse Collector, Frye was no stranger to 
such situations. 


He turned his revolver to the side of his heels and pulled the 
trigger. It was as if he could see who the enemy was, and exactly 
where it was. 


Bang! 


A silver demon hunting bullet pierced the air, causing a shrill 
howl in response. 


The formless figure dissipated and Frye regained his ability to 
move. 


Elsewhere, Dunn Smith, who wanted to reach the second floor 
by avoiding a frontal assault on the altar, was similarly affected 
by the cold winds. His body froze as he stopped right outside a 
shattered window. 


Whoosh! The curtains behind the window lifted suddenly and 
engulfed Dunn, as if a monster had just opened its mouth to 
devour its prey. 


The curtain wrapped around Dunn’s head, seeming to have been 
imbued with life. Dunn’s facial features began to press through 
the constricting cloth. 


Dunn, who was about to be suffocated, stomped down with both 
feet. He straightened his knees and twisted his waist, loosening 
the curtain’s grip with raw strength alone. 


He grabbed a corner of the curtain around his head with his left 
hand and yanked it away before tossing it toward the ground. 


Bang! 


He fired a shot at the other half of the curtain behind the 
window, stopping it from attempting another assault on him. 


The curtain stopped immediately as a dark red liquid oozed out 
from it. 


Whoosh! 


On the field, Leonard Mitchell was reciting his poems and was 
also hit by the cold sinister winds infused with the intense 
sensation of death. His teeth chattered, making it hard for him 
to enunciate his poems. 


The messy weeds in the garden suddenly extended, wrapping 
themselves around his heels. A black shadow hurled itself at 
him along with the violent winds. 


Leonard, whose body had become rigid, failed to fire in time. He 
could only pull back his shoulder and raise his arm. 


Thud! The black shadow smashed into his forearm, the thorns 
on its body piercing his skin. 


It was a pretty, bright-red flower, its origins unknown. 


In pain, Leonard tossed aside the flower dyed with his blood. 


Bang! He fired a shot at the spreading vines, causing dark red 
liquid to ooze out. 


Tap! Tap! Tap! Leonard quickened his pace and charged towards 
the shattered window on the first floor where the altar was 
situated behind. 


The vines retracted abruptly from where he had previously 
stood, as if hiding from something invisible. 


Trissy took advantage of the chaos created by destroying the 
altar and a suspension-style ritual to conceal herself once again. 
She managed to fool the Spirit Visions of the Nighthawks and 
escape the pincer attack before making her way to a spot behind 
the three Nighthawks. 


She extended her right hand, immediately causing a cold wind 
to blow. It carried the flower dyed with Leonard’s blood right into 
her palm. 


Trissy did not stop. With the flower in hand, she nimbly made 
her way over the steel fence and escaped in the direction of the 
Tussock River. 


Leonard, who had just entered the first level, turned his head 


abruptly, as though he was listening to something. 


His expression changed. He frantically pulled up his sleeve and 
looked at the wound caused by the flower. 


With his constitution, the wound had already stopped bleeding. 
There was only some red swelling that remained. 


Leonard’s expression became grim. He pinched his left index 
finger and pulled his fingernail straight out! 


His face contorted in pain, but he did not pause. As he recited 
something silently, he sliced open the coagulated wound with 
the fingernail. When the fingernail was dyed with his dark red 
blood, he pulled out a few strands of hair from his scalp and 
wrapped the fingernail with his hair. 


Beside the Tussock River, Trissy slowed down. She shot her gaze 
toward the flower in her hand. 


She was chanting something as a ball of black, illusory fire 
suddenly appeared in her palm. 


The flames enveloped the flower, burning it to ashes. 


After completing this, Trissy jumped into the river and 
submerged herself. 


At the same time, Leonard tossed the blood-stained fingernail 
wrapped in his hair to the corner. He saw it burn and release a 
foul stench. 


The fingernail and hair disappeared quickly, leaving only some 
dust behind. 


Leonard heaved a sigh of relief. He entered the first level through 
the window and said to Dunn and Frye who were destroying the 
altar, “The target has escaped. But it’s alright, our primary 
objective was to stop the ritual.” 


Dunn sighed and looked at the puppets on the table. 


“She was very cautious and very powerful. She sensed us 
approaching her ahead of time, otherwise... she should be, at the 
very least, a Sequence 7 Beyonder. 


“Give Klein the signal. Ask him to come over.” 


Through the brief interaction in the dream, he had determined 
that the enemy was female. 


Chapter 124: Wrapping Up Work 


Klein was hidden in the shadows of a building dozens of meters 
away from the target building. He heard the faint sound of 
gunshots and the howling of violent winds. 


If the enemy runs towards me, should I draw my gun or should I 
pretend that I didn’t see him? He thought as he shivered in cold 
sweat. 


A Beyonder that could, through various means, cut short the 
lives of others definitely wasn’t a Sequence 9 or Sequence 8 
Beyonder. They certainly wouldn’t be someone that a Seer like 
him could fight against face to face. Even if he sacrificed 
himself, he might not be able to slow the target down enough for 
Dunn and Leonard to catch up with him. 


It was fortunate that the Evernight Goddess, the Empress of 
Misfortune, seemed to hear her ‘loyal’ guard’s prayers. No one 
ran towards the location where Klein was hiding. 


After a few minutes, he heard a melodious song coming from 
the target building. 


Cocking his ears to the side so he could hear better, Klein 
confirmed that it was the popular local tune that Leonard 
Mitchell always hummed. It was filled with base words. 


Phew. He let out a breath of relief. He held his gun in one hand 
and his cane in the other. He then walked out of the shadows 
towards the target building. 


The popular local tune was the meeting signal that he had 
agreed upon with Dunn and the rest! 


Klein took two steps and suddenly paused. He leaned his cane 
against the metal fencing and switched the revolver to his other 
hand. 


Then, he took off the silver chain inside his sleeve and let the 
topaz pendant hang down naturally. 


Klein waited till the topaz stabilized and immediately closed his 
eyes and entered a Cogitation state. He recited a divination 
statement, “The singing earlier was an illusion. 


“The singing earlier was an illusion.” 


After repeating seven times, he opened his eyes and saw the 
pendant spinning counterclockwise. 


“It’s not an illusion...” Klein put away his pendulum, grabbed his 
cane, and quickly got close to the arch-shaped metal gate leading 
to the target building. He then passed the black cane to his right 
hand and held it with the revolver. 


He extended his hands to touch the fence, intending to push it 
open, but he suddenly felt a piercing chill. It was as though 
someone had poured a bucket of ice down his neck without 
warning. 


Klein hissed and jerked his hands back, his teeth clenched. 


“It’s just like winter here...” Under the dim starlight and distant 
street lamp, he looked through the garden behind the metal 
fencing. He saw the withered branches, fallen flowers, and 
leaves covered with white frost on the brown soil. 


Amazing! Klein marveled in his head. He bent his fingers and 
tapped his glabella to activate his Spirit Vision. 


He returned his silver-inlaid cane to his left hand and pushed it 
against the fence to open the closed gate. 


The gate squeaked, and he passed through it sideways. He 
stepped onto the stone path that led directly to the grayish-blue 
building. On both sides of the path were twisted plants that 
seemed to resemble ghouls in the dark. 


The scene reminded Klein of various horror stories and 
paranormal films. 


He subconsciously slowed down his breathing and walked faster. 
However, after just a few more steps, someone suddenly patted 
his left shoulder. 


Badump! Badump! Klein’s heart skipped, then started thumping 
rapidly. 


He raised his right hand, aimed his revolver, and slowly turned 
around to look. 


In the dim light, he saw a flimsy branch that had nearly fallen 
off. 


“This is what we call ‘scaring ourselves’?” Klein twitched the 
corner of his lips, waved the cane, and knocked the branch off. 


He continued moving forward as faint sobs sounded in his ears. 
Blurry, translucent “shadows” appeared before his eyes. 


These shadows had swarmed over after feeling the breaths of a 
living person and the warmth of flesh and blood. 


Klein jumped in fright and immediately ran into the door of the 
grayish-blue building. 


This is what the Captain meant by “getting a sense of the 
atmosphere?” It’s much scarier than the last time I helped Sir 
Deweuville... The resentment of that aggrieved spirit is more 
“rigid” than the shadows. She hadn’t taken the initiative to attack 
back then... He thought as he walked towards the altar in the 
middle of the living room. It was a round table full of crudely 
made puppets. Three unlit candles stood amidst the puppets. 


Dunn Smith stood right before the altar with his back to Klein. 
He took one puppet after another and looked at them. 


Corpse Collector Frye looked at the floating shadows and 
extended his hand in an attempt to comfort them, but all his 
hand did was pass through them helplessly. The shadows didn’t 
attack him, seemingly recognizing him as one of their own. 


When Leonard Mitchell noticed Klein’s arrival, he changed his 
tone, turning his voice softer but charming. 


“Calm is the morn without a sound, 


“Calm as to suit a calmer grief. 


“And only thro’ the faded leaf, 


“The chestnut pattering to the ground [1].” 


In the soothing recitation of the poem, Klein seemed to see a 
clear lake reflecting the moonlight and a crimson moon hanging 
quietly, high in the sky. 


The restless shadows calmed down and stopped chasing after 
the warm breath of the living Nighthawks among them. 


Dunn put down the puppet in his hand, turned around, and said 
to Klein, “This is a ceremony for a terrifying curse. It’s fortunate 
that we've already destroyed it. 


“First prepare a ritual to comfort the remaining spirits, then try 
to communicate with the spirits of the dead and see if you can 
get any clues from them.” 


Klein, who realized that he was no longer a burden, immediately 
held his chest out and said, “Yes, Captain.” 


He reached the altar in a few steps and extended his hands to 
sweep the puppets off of the round table. 


At that moment, he noticed from the corner of his eyes that 
every puppet had a name and a corresponding message. 


“Captain, did you discover anyone you know?” Klein asked in 
passing. 


Then, he glanced at Dunn as Dunn looked at him. Both of them 
fell silent. 


I'm so silly... Why would I ask any questions that tests the 
Captain’s memory! Klein nearly covered his face and sighed. 


If it were any other boss, they would definitely find an 
opportunity to make my life difficult because of this. Luckily, the 
Captain will forget about this... I wonder if that’s an advantage or 
a disadvantage? He thought, half glad, half joking. 


After a short silence, Dunn seemed to finally be capable of 
differentiating reality from the dreamworld. He replied, “There’s 
someone you know.” 


“Who?” Klein stopped, his hand still extended to put a candle 
back to where it was supposed to be. 


“Joyce Mayer, the survivor of the Alfalfa tragedy,” Dunn replied 
simply. 


Joyce Mayer? Anna’s fiancé... Klein suddenly thought of Salus in 
the workhouse. He seemed to have been instigated and misled by 
someone, causing him to bring forward his rage and committing 
arson. 


Klein retracted his right hand and said in a deep voice, 
“Instigator Tris?” 


“He used the lives that were cut short as a sacrifice, intending to 
curse all survivors of the Alfalfa tragedy? Because he didn’t know 
who uncovered his involvement and lodged a police report...” 


If Tris took revenge directly, it would have been impossible to 
wipe out all the targets scattered throughout Tingen. After two or 
three murders, he would’ve been noticed by the Nighthawks, 
Mandated Punishers, and the Machinery Hivemind. Then, he 
would’ve lost his chance to continue his murdering spree. Klein 
filled in the blanks of why Tris had started all this. 


Dunn nodded first, then he shook his head. 


“Not all survivors, but only survivors in Tingen. His curse ritual 
can only affect the people within this range.” 


“Besides, the host of the ritual is a female, not Tris.” 


Klein creased his eyebrows and asked, “Perhaps it’s an expert 
that the Theosophy Order sent to help Tris? 


“yes, the origins of the Theosophy Order might involve the 
Demoness Sect. It’s fairly normal for their experts to be female.” 


Dunn smiled and said in his deep voice, “I agree with your 
judgment. Although we only encountered that woman and not 
Tris, there are guesses that we can make. Such as, the woman 
and Tris don’t stay together. Or, that Tris was out looking for 
people who are dying soon.” 


Klein didn’t say anything further. He set the three candles in 
place, took out the Full Moon Essence Oil, crimson sandalwood, 
and other ingredients, and set up the altar quickly. 


After he used a silver dagger to make a sealed wall, he started 
praying to the Evernight Goddess, the Mistress of Repose and 
Silence. He prayed that the shadows inside and outside the 
house would be comforted completely. 


Unfortunately, in the subsequent attempt to communicate with 
the spirits of the dead, Klein could only see a little of what the 
spirits had seen before their deaths. There weren’t any useful 
clues. 


After settling the shadows into a peaceful sleep in the dark night, 
he ended the ceremony and removed the spirituality wall. He 
then shook his head and told the others, 


“The backlash from the disrupted ritual caused severe damage 
and the remnant images of the host were lost.” 


Dunn wasn’t surprised. He pointed at the stairs and said, “Let’s 
look around on the second floor and give it another try.” 


“Okay.” Klein, Leonard, and Frye nodded in agreement. 


The three Nighthawks went up the stairs to the second floor and 
parted ways to search through each room. 


In the end, they met in a bedroom that was filled with a faint 
aroma. They saw messy dresses lying around and open boxes. 


Dunn took up a box from the dressing table and smelled it before 
asking, “Are these cosmetics?” 


“To be exact, they are skin care products. Ever since Emperor 


Roselle, they were not lumped together with a broad term,” 
Leonard explained with a smile. “Captain, as a gentleman, there 
are certain things you have to know.” 


Klein didn’t join their discussion but cast his gaze towards the 
mirror on the dressing table. 


There was an obvious crack on the mirror, and there were 
shattered pieces on the rug beneath. 


“The Beyonder left in a rush. She didn’t destroy it entirely...” he 
suddenly said in a deep voice. “Maybe I could give this a try.” 


“Tl leave it to you,” Dunn replied in confidence. 


Klein quickly brought the candles up from the first floor and lit 
them in front of the shattered mirror. 


Under the dim, flickering candlelight, he took out the items like 
Full Moon Essence to create a spirituality wall. 


After Klein prepared everything, he stood before the mirror that 
reflected the lights of all three candles and chanted in Hermes, 


“I pray for the power of the dark night. 


“I pray for the power of the mystery. 


“I pray for the Goddess’s loving grace. 


“I pray for the mirror to receive a brief restoration, I pray for it to 
show every person that it reflected in the past month.” 


As the incantation was being recited, a strong wind suddenly 
howled within the spirituality wall. 


The shattered pieces of the mirror swirled off the ground and 
returned to their original locations. 


The mirror that was covered in cracks suddenly rippled with a 
gloomy brilliance. Klein wiped his hands over it and a human 
figure suddenly appeared in the frame. But that figure wasn’t 
Klein. 


It was a gentle and sweet looking young maiden with a round 
face. Perhaps it was because the mirror was broken or perhaps it 
was because the backlash of the interrupted ritual that affected 
the second floor as well. Her facial features were blurry and her 
actual appearance wasn’t exactly clear. 


But even so, Klein found the person unusually familiar. 


’ “ 


1. Adapted from Alfred Tennyson’s “In Memoriam A. H. H. 
OBIIT MDCCCXXXIII: 11.” 


Chapter 125: Bold Itlea 


When faced with a strange sense of familiarity, other Sequence 9 
Beyonders might try their best to recall or even disregard and 
forget about it. But a Seer was different. Klein immediately 
ended the ritual and dispelled the wall of spirituality. He took out 
a piece of paper and wrote on it a statement: “The source of the 
sense of familiarity.” 


After which, he sat on the edge of the bed in the room and 
silently recited it with the piece of paper in hand. 


Seven times later, his pupils became darker. He fell asleep with 
the help of Cogitation and started conversing with his own 
Spirituality. 


In the hazy, contorted world, Klein saw a carriage. He saw a 
young lady wearing a long gray dress. 


This lady had smooth black hair, her face a little round. She had 
a gentle and pleasant demeanor, but her body was shivering 
unnaturally. 


The image flickered and once again, Klein saw this young, pretty 
lady at the underground market. She was squatting and 
conversing with someone. 


The dream receded quickly and Klein woke up, understanding 
why the image he saw in the mirror was so familiar. 


He had met this person before! 


The first time was at Daffodil Street, in the district near Iron Cross 
Street. The Captain and the rest were chasing down Instigator Tris 
that night... There must be a connection. Klein thought for a few 
seconds, then set up the ritual once again. He asked for the help 
of the Goddess to sketch the portrait of the enemy in his 
memory. 


Dunn and the rest had been waiting silently, without 
interrupting Klein unnecessarily. Only when he was done 
sketching did they crowd over and inspect the portrait. 


“you met her before?” Dunn asked. 


Klein nodded slightly and answered simply, “Yes. I saw her at 
the public carriage stop on Daffodil Street the night when you 
were going after the Instigator. It was in the district near Iron 
Cross Street.” 


“Then, there’s a good chance that she was the enemy just now. 
The partner of the Instigator.” Dunn nodded in thought. 


Leonard suddenly chimed in, “Don’t any of you feel that this 
portrait is very familiar? She looks a lot like Instigator Tris!” 


Klein froze, immediately casting his gaze at the portrait again 
and studying it carefully. 


“yeah, they look very similar indeed. Round face, narrow eyes, 
gentle demeanor...” The more he looked at the portrait, the more 
he felt that what Leonard said made sense. The biggest 
difference was that Instigator Tris had ordinary features while 
the young lady could be considered pretty. 


Klein raised his head and looked at Leonard, noticing that he 
was signaling something to him by raising his brows. 


What does he mean? Klein was confused. 


Dunn Smith guessed, “She could be the Instigator’s sister. Maybe 
like her brother she joined the Theosophy Order or the Demoness 
Sect.” 


Leonard sighed after he realized how bad Klein was at reading 
his mind. He said in a serious tone, “I have a bold idea.” 


“What idea?” Dunn asked. 


Leonard described succinctly, “I think that this person is 
Instigator Tris!” 


“What?” Frye exclaimed in shock. 


Dunn creased his brows and said, “What you mean is that 
Instigator Tris is actually female, or a male who’s pretending to 
be a female? No, from the dream, I can confirm that she’s 
female.” 


Klein had been exposed to many creative and ridiculous plots 
after all. He took another look at the portrait and immediately 
had another guess. 


“Could it be that Instigator Tris became a female?” 


That could explain many things. For example, why would the trail 


leading to Tris suddenly sever? Why couldn’t they find any traces, 
even with divination? Perhaps because there was a fundamental 
change to their target! The only question was how he could change 
into a woman in such a short span of time. And it appeared to be 
rather simple... He had _ pretty decent looks after his 
transformation even. I mean, to be honest, she’s pretty 
attractive... Klein thought, distracted. 


Leonard nodded in relief, “Yes, that’s my theory. This can 
perfectly explain why Instigator Tris had seemed to vanish. It 
also fits with the strange fact that the upper echelons of the 
Demoness Sect are all female.” 


Dunn and Frye were momentarily at a loss for words. 


Even though they had seen many monsters and wondrous 
things, it was their first time dealing with a transformation like 
this! 


“What you mean is that there are a considerable number of 
women in the upper echelons of the Demoness Sect that used to 
be men?” Dunn asked. He didn’t wait for an answer before 
saying, “That could be possible... Perhaps it’s their, no, the unique 
characteristic of their potion.” 


Klein shivered a little as he listened. He felt that the potion of the 
Demoness Sect was a trap! 


“Let’s hope that a similar potion doesn’t exist in the pathway of 
the Seer... No, definitely not. That is the pathway of the 
Demoness. Even the name of the potion sounds wrong. But I still 
don’t know what the corresponding Sequence 1 to Seer is...” Klein 
subconsciously started praying to the Goddess. 


“Can potions accomplish such a thing?” Frye asked with a little 


disbelief. 


Leonard laughed and threw up his hands. 


“Even a mid to low sequence potion can cause unimaginable 
changes. After all, they all originated from the Creator.” 


Dunn turned to look at Klein. “Try to divine where the target will 
appear next.” 


“Alright.” Klein went over to the pile of dresses and picked out 
one with mixed emotions. He spread it over the carpet. 


He held his cane over the dress and recalled the target’s features 
and relevant information. He then began to recite in his heart. 


“Tris’s... no, Trissy’s whereabouts 


“Trissy’s whereabouts.” 


Seven times later, Klein’s pupils turned from brown to black. 
Wind started to blow around him. 


His left hand released his cane, allowing the black cane to 
wobble. 


Despite the shaking, the cane failed to fall. It stood tall in its 


original position. 


“There’s an interference...” Klein said with a deep tone. 


An interference implies that our assumptions are correct! 


That lady just now was most probably Instigator Tris, no, Trissy! 


Upon seeing this, Dunn nodded indiscernibly. 


“They live up to the reputation of the Demoness Sect which has 
been active since the last Epoch...” 


Since Tris had transformed into Trissy, Dunn deduced that she 
wasn’t part of the Theosophy Order, but the Demoness Sect. 


Surveying the surroundings, Dunn sighed and said, “We can 
search for her through different means, such as where these 
clothes came from or the owner of this house. We can also get 
the police department to patrol the train stations and piers.” 


We might be able to get some clues like that, but Trissy will 
definitely have had enough time to leave Tingen. Yes... I'll try it 
again above the gray fog when I’m back at home. Klein was 
cautious of people like Trissy who wanted to unleash a massacre 
on a whim. He wanted to desperately find her and execute her 
on the spot. 


“Leonard, head to the police department and gather a group to 
wrap up things here. Klein, you can go back and rest now...” 
Dunn rubbed his temples and paused for a few seconds. He said 
to Klein, partially to test him and also to teach him. “How would 


you have handled this evening’s mission? Assume that me, 
Leonard, and Frye are the only members on your team.” 


Klein creased his brows and thought for more than ten seconds. 


“I'd first use divination to ascertain if the ritual would take effect 
soon. If the answer was negative, then Id stick to observing and 
not approach. Then Id notify the police department to deploy 
personnel around the area, as well as gather at least five 
cannons to bombard the entire building till wherever Trissy was 
hiding was leveled. 


“She could either be blasted to death in the building, or attempt 
to flee amidst the cannon fire. This would easily expose her. 
Until then, I would station you and the rest at different spots...” 


He got more and more excited as he continued. He felt that his 
idea was simple and effective, barbaric and decisive. It was very 
safe and very appropriate! 


Dunn, Leonard, and Frye were dumbfounded. They didn’t say 
anything for a long time. 


“Captain, is that not a good idea?” The excited Klein’s heart 
thumped rapidly when he saw that they had no reaction. 


Dunn was silent for a few seconds before he said, “No, it is a 
good idea. But the premise is that we have to confirm that 
forceful destruction of the altar wouldn’t create a more 
disastrous outcome... Sigh. As longtime Nighthawks, we're 
accustomed to relying on ourselves, our powers as Beyonders, 
and guns in all circumstances. We’re not used to allowing 
normal people to come into contact with supernatural 
incidents...” 


Alright, I was always an ardent fan _ of firepower 
bombardment... Klein added in his heart. 


Klein and Leonard walked to the carriage station about five 
hundred meters away before they saw it. 


After waiting for a while, they returned to Iron Cross Street. One 
went to the nearby police station, while the other returned to 
Daffodil Street. 


When klein arrived at his front door, he adjusted his clothes and 
made sure that everything was alright before fishing out his 
keys and opening the door. 


Melissa and Benson were in the living room, quietly doing 
assignments and reading books respectively under the light from 
the gas lamp. 


Benson must be tired after toiling at work the entire day; yet, he 
perseveres in his studies after he comes home. What a determined 
man... I can’t do that, all I can think about now is lying 
down... Klein glanced at his brother and smiled, giving a silent 
greeting by raising his hand. 


Benson smiled and said, “I now understand the price behind a 
handsome salary.” 


“There’s a price for everything in this world. There’s something 
we must give before we can gain anything in return,” Klein said, 
leaving his cane on the rack next to the door. 


“That’s apparently something Emperor Roselle said, right?” 
Melissa stopped writing and looked up. 


The Tingen Technical School was different from universities and 
public schools. There was only two weeks for summer break, 
from late July to early August. Their lessons resumed the 
moment the hottest days were over. 


“Is that so? I don’t remember...” Klein replied, his expression a 
little rigid. 


He took off his hat and headed upstairs. He intended to divine 
Trissy’s whereabouts as soon as possible. 


Suddenly, he heard his stomach rumble. He felt intense hunger 
pangs. 


Oh right, I haven’t had dinner. But the note I left said that the 
security company would provide food and asked them not to leave 
any food for me... Seriously, Captain, you actually forgot about 
it... Klein’s expression changed several times as he intended to 
pretend that he was full. 


At that moment, Melissa turned and looked at him. She pointed 
to the kitchen and said, “We left a small piece of lamb chop and 
a bowl of thick vegetable soup for you. There are a few sticks of 
bread left too.” 


After saying this, she buried her head back into her work and 
muttered to herself, “I felt that meals provided by work wouldn’t 
be too good, probably making people lose their appetite...” 


Chapter 126: Divination Isn’t All-Powertul 


Sis, you worry too much, no—you’re just so meticulous! Klein 
was suddenly energized. He smiled and said, “Melissa, your 
concern is very reasonable. It’s true that I'm actually a little 
hungry. Yeah, let me change and take a shower.” 


Although his mouth was already watering, it was even more 
important to confirm Instigator Trissy’s whereabouts! 


No one knew what insane measures that bastard would take in 
order to exact revenge on society! 


“Okay.” Melissa didn’t lift her head but continued her revision. 


Tap. Tap. Tap. Klein ran to the second floor and entered his 
bedroom. 


He locked the door, took off his jacket, and underarm holster. 
Then, he took out a simple silver knife from the drawer. 


After sealing his room with a spirituality wall, he took a breath, 
steadied his emotions, and walked four steps counterclockwise. 


After the usual incantation, Klein appeared once again in the 
lofty palace above the gray fog. He was getting used to the mad 
ravings that he heard during the transportation process. 


Having completed a few rituals that day, he massaged his 
temples as he was slightly tired. He willed a piece of brown 
goatskin to appear on the long bronze table. 


Klein thought seriously, then wrote down the divination 
statement: “Trissy’s whereabouts.” 


He wasn’t sure if the name was written correctly, but he could 
use the girl’s appearance and other detailed information as a 
guide as well. 


He held the goatskin and leaned back into the chair. He recalled 
the things related to Trissy in his head, then recited the 
divination statement seven times. 


He emptied his mind, closed his eyes, and entered a dream state 
with the aid of Cogitation. 


In the illusory scene amidst the fog, he saw a steam engine that 
spurted dense smoke and sparks. He also saw the rows of leather 
seats in a clean train carriage. 


The gentle and sweet-looking Trissy with her round face and 
long eyes sat near a window. There was a checkered fishnet hat 
on the table before her. 


Klein made repeated attempts to confirm the train number, but 
he failed to discern it. 


Soon, he couldn’t stand the pressure and left his dream. The long 
bronze table and illusory crimson stars appeared before his eyes 
again. 


“I could only confirm that Trissy took the steam locomotive and 
left Tingen. There weren’t any more clues... Sigh, it seems like 
this mysterious space only helps me eliminate interferences, but 
it doesn’t do much to enhance the standard of my divinations...” 


Klein rapped the edge of the table and thought about his next 
step. 


Through the divination, he could be entirely certain that the 
target had once been Instigator Tris. The new Trissy, however, 
was already fleeing Tingen. Given the circumstances, he didn’t 
think his new divination would help Dunn. 


Klein quickly made a decision. “Captain already said that he 
would send a telegram to Backlund, Enmat Harbor, and other 
main stops along the railway, so they Trissy will be placed on 
the wanted list throughout the country. I won't report the 
divination result then, in case it would draw suspicion towards 
me...” Klein quickly made up his mind, because regardless of his 
warning, Dunn was already using the most appropriate 
measures to follow up on the matter. 


Since he couldn’t see the train number in the dream divination, 
using the spirit pendulum and other methods would be equally 
ineffective, even if he attempted to do so by process of 
elimination. 


It was just like the situation with the red chimney. 


At that moment, he felt mentally drained, so he didn’t stay above 
the gray fog any longer but enveloped himself with his 
spirituality and simulated the feeling of falling. 


When he “returned” to his room, his mind was filled with the 
thought of tasty, glistening mutton. 


“I must add some fennel... Praise the Lady!” Klein swallowed his 
saliva, swiftly removed the spirituality wall, and opened his 
door. 


The next morning at twenty minutes to nine, he entered the 
Blackthorn Security Company with his cane in hand. 


“Good morning, Klein! I have good news!” Rozanne waved her 
hands excitedly from behind the reception desk. 


Klein eyes lit up as he asked, “We caught Trissy?” 


“Trissy? Who is she?” The green-dressed Rozanne looked lost. 


“..You probably don’t know her. What’s the good news?” Klein 
redirected the topic. 


Rozanne replied with a glowing smile, “The Captain’s request has 
been approved. The police department is going to transfer two 
police staff members who have come across supernatural 
incidents to be clerks here! I finally don’t need to frequently stay 
up all night! Praise the Lady!” 


“That’s great news,” Klein echoed sincerely. 


After exchanging a few more pleasantries with Rozanne, he went 
through the partition and went underground. He planned to 
continue with his mysticism lessons. 


When he passed the Captain’s office and the Nighthawks’ 
recreation room, he popped his head in and looked around. He 
saw that Dunn, Leonard, and the rest were still there. It meant 
that the search and elimination investigation the night before 
had failed to return anything worthwhile. The rest would be 


handed over to the police department, so that they could take 
care of the tedious follow-up tasks. 


At first, Klein wanted to chat with the Captain to get an update 
on the situation. But he saw that Captain was busy typing 
telegrams, so he decided not to disturb him. He could ask the 
Captain again at lunch. 


He went underground by following the stairs and saw the two 
classic gas lamps in their metal racks. He saw the ever-quiet 
corridor which was lit up by the light behind the glass. 


He breathed in the cold but refreshing breeze, took a few steps, 
and suddenly stopped. 


He suddenly looked towards the gas lamp and his eyebrows 
gradually creased. 


He had made a crucial mistake! 


A mistake that could only be made by someone with knowledge 
from Earth! 


In his divination above the gray fog the night before, Klein had 
seen Trissy taking a steam locomotive. Hence, he subconsciously 
believed that it was something happening at that moment. 


But—this world had yet to invent electric lights or similar 
equipment. When the sky grew dark, there were almost no 
steam locomotives in operation that ferried humans. Klein, who 
was accustomed to trains which operated at night, had 
instinctively missed out on that fact! 


In other words, it wasn’t something that happened last night! 


It was a scene from the future! 


Which meant that it was going to happen that day or the day 
after! 


Klein’s heartstrings tightened and he paced back and forth. Then 
he went upstairs again. 


He knocked and opened the door to the recreation room, and he 
saw that Leonard was reciting a poem by the window, looking 
helpless. 


Klein ignored Kenley, Royale, and Seeka Tron who were playing 
cards. He looked towards Leonard and said, “I have a question for 
you.” 


“Would it be that you want to learn tricks to entertain the 
ladies?” Leonard teased, putting down Selected Poems by Roselle. 


He exited the recreation room and followed Klein halfway down 
the stairs that led underground. He then looked into Klein’s eyes 
and said with a chuckle, “It seems like you did a successful 
divination last night.” 


Klein didn’t explain further but said straightforwardly, “I divined 
that Trissy will leave on a steam locomotive.” 


After their conversation at the workhouse in the West Borough, 
he didn’t mind appearing slightly special before Leonard. 


“Steam locomotive, the earliest train is at seven in the 
morning...” Leonard took out his pocket watch from his shirt and 
flipped it open to take a glance. “No time to waste! I'll tell the 
Captain that I received a reliable tip.” 


He quickly went upstairs and left the Blackthorn Security 
Company. After waited downstairs for a few minutes, he 
returned and went into Dunn Smith’s office. 


Klein heaved a sigh of relief and watched the Captain send a 
telegram after gathering the other Nighthawks who were 
playing cards. They soon left out the door. 


Recalling what happened earlier, he felt conflicted. It was a 
different lesson than the one he received from the death of the 
suited clown. He had committed a mistake with similar 
characteristics which made him seem to understand this lesson 
more, leaving a deeper impression on him. 


Turning past the armory and entering the duty room, he took off 
his top hat and coat, then hung them onto the clothes rack 
naturally. 


Old Neil had just finished making himself some hand-ground 
coffee. He happily took a sip and asked, “Would you like one?” 


“Alright.” Klein sat down, as carefree as if he had returned home. 


Old Neil glanced at him and frowned, quipping, “Still three cubes 
of sugar with a spoon of milk? You're such a sweet tooth. This is 
harmful to your teeth and your body.” 


“No, no, no, I only like it sweet when I’m drinking coffee. When I 


have grilled steak or roasted meat, I prefer rose salt, black 
pepper, fennel, and other condiments.” Klein always believed 
that he was a fan of all flavors. 


Old Neil finished the coffee quickly. He pushed it over and said, 
“Do you want to take a break or start straightaway?” 


“Let me settle down for a few minutes. The Captain and the team 
got a tip about Trissy’s whereabouts, and they are on the way to 
the steam locomotive station. I wonder what the outcome will 
be...” Klein sighed. 


Old Neil clicked his tongue and said, “Is the tip detailed enough? 
Are they sure which train it is?” 


“No, it’s not confirmed,” Klein said, pursing his lips. 


Old Neil suddenly laughed. “Under such circumstances, the 
possibility of failure is much higher than success. Trissy should 
be a Sequence 7 Beyonder and a Beyonder at that level won’t be 
captured so easily. Heh heh, don’t rely on divination, divination 
isn’t all-powerful. You'll only obtain symbolic signs which are 
very easy to interpret them wrongly or ignore something.” 


Klein recalled the mistake that he made this time and felt 
melancholic. He nodded sincerely. 


“yeah, divination isn’t all-powerful.” 


After he said that, he sighed. His mind, body, and soul suddenly 
entered a magical state. He leaned backwards slightly, intending 
to let out a breath. Just then, he suddenly heard an illusory 
shattering noise in his ear. 


He felt something dissolving inside him, blending together with 
his spirit. 


Klein half-closed his eyes and experienced the unique and 
indescribable feeling in silence. 


Klein didn’t need anyone to tell him that it was a result of the 
complete digestion of the Seer potion. 


The first town that the Tussock River passed by after it flowed 
through Tingen City was called Wienia. It was also the first stop 
from Tingen to Backlund for the steam locomotive. 


On the platform, Trissy changed into a long beige dress and put 
on a woman’s circular hat. Fine fishnet gauze hung down from 
the edge of her hat, covering half her face. Her appearance 
became blurry and indiscernible. 


She had already sent a telegram to her partner in Tingen, to 
remind the other person to be careful. She told them that she 
had used money she burgled to buy a steam locomotive ticket to 
Backlund. 


The reason Trissy didn’t get on the train from Tingen but went 
downstream to Wienia was because she still had her instinct 
and rich experience as an assassin. 


Woo! 


A train let out a long and sharp whistle as the long metal 


behemoth chugged to a stop next to the platform while spurting 
smoke and sparks. 


Trissy didn’t carry any luggage and entered the first cabin. At the 
same time, she decided to get off the train after three stations 
and enter Backlund through other methods. 


In the basement of Saint Selena Cathedral, Klein closed his eyes 
and leaned backwards in his seat. 


He took in the complete digestion of the potion, and he faintly 
saw one illusory star after another. Those stars seemed to share 
a baffling connection with him, and they seemed to want to 
lump together and fuse as one. 


After the indescribable feeling of hunger and thirst receded, 
Klein returned to normal and stopped having any additional 
experiences. 


But my mind feels a lot more relaxed and pure... He opened his 
eyes and thought. 


At that moment, he knew that he had become a real, complete 
Seer. 


Chapter 127: Laying the Foundations 


The light of the gas lamp glowed through the glass, illuminating 
the guard room. Old Neil finished flipping through his 
newspaper, took a sip of coffee, and looked at Klein. 


“How do you feel now? Have you calmed down? Or do you need a 
glass of wine, or an advance on your salary, or a day off?” 


Klein, who had completely digested the Seer potion, was 
attempting to change his “switch” that activated his Spirit Vision 
with Cogitation. He didn’t want it to be too obvious. 


The present him no longer needed to rely on a physical motion 
to activate his Spirit Vision. Therefore, he could use a more 
concealed approach to achieve his goal; for example, stroking the 
joints of his middle finger with his thumb in quick succession, 
or clicking twice with his left molar. 


Klein considered the situations in which he needed to use his 
Spirit Vision while holding a revolver in one hand and a cane in 
the other. Finally, he settled on clicking his molar. His left molar 
would be used to activate the Spirit Vision, and his right molar to 
deactivate it. 


After repeatedly suggesting to himself, he completed the change. 
He then opened his eyes and smiled. 


“I was merely too concerned about the Captain’s operation. I 
don’t need to calm myself down.” 


At the same time, he clicked his left molar twice and attempted 


to activate his Spirit Vision. He wanted to familiarize himself 
with this method as quickly as possible. 


Cough! Cough! Cough! Old Neil started coughing violently. He 
coughed till his face turned red, like a cooked lobster. 


“What happened?” Klein froze before asking in concern. 


He scanned Old Neil’s aura seriously, only to notice that the 
colors representing his health were still normal, only a little dull 
due to his age. 


Old Neil coughed for nearly twenty seconds before earning 
respite. He felt for his cup of coffee and slowly took a sip. 
“Everyone makes mistakes, ahem. I choked on my drink just 
now... Shall we begin our mysticism lessons for today?” 


“Alright.” Klein silently clicked his right molars twice. 


Klein was elated, yet frustrated that he had completely digested 
the Seer potion a week or two ahead of his prediction. He was 
naturally glad that he was freed from the risk of losing control 
and would advance soon, obtaining even more Beyonder powers. 
That was something anyone would be happy and excited about. 
But he was also frustrated, as it disrupted his plans and 
schedules. 


Considering the fact that he still had to stay with the Tingen 
Nighthawks for some time, Klein thought that secretly 
advancing to Clown wasn’t the wisest choice. If he did so, he 
would be constantly worried about being exposed, and he would 
be unable to use his abilities when there were missions, making 
it even more dangerous for himself. 


He planned to learn from Spirit Medium Daly and submit an 
application to the higher-ups. He would use his contributions to 
obtain the recipe and extraordinary ingredients before officially 
advancing into a Sequence 8 Nighthawk. 


But there was a difference between grasping a potion in a month 
and in a year. Klein could bear the scrutiny of the Holy Cathedral 
and become a talent for nurturing, but he didn’t want the 
higher-ups to suspect him. He needed to find a convincing 
reason to explain his circumstances. 


He had planned to use the time before the Seer potion was 
completely digested to lay some foundations with the Captain. 
For example, he would mention that he felt his spirituality 
become more active whenever he went to the Divination Club, or 
pretend to casually describe the laws of a Seer that he had 
derived from helping other people divine their fortunes. He could 
also mention that he didn’t hear any voices that he shouldn't be 
hearing, or see things that are not for his eyes. 


This way, the higher-ups of the Nighthawks would think that he 
had unintentionally learned something from Daly when 
completing his “mission” and had done a more thorough job 
than her. 


This would make the higher-ups focus more on summarizing 
the laws and discovering the “acting method,” reducing the 
suspicion placed on Klein. 


That way, I could even help the Captain and the rest learn about 
the acting method... Klein added in his heart. He felt that Dunn 
Smith was a good captain. He had no glaring flaws other than 
his poor memory. Thus, he wanted to reduce the risk of Dunn 
losing control and make him more powerful. 


Of course, Klein could also choose to apply after a year to avoid 


any risks. But the continuous coincidences and the red chimney 
he saw in his dream divination gave him no choice but to 
improve his abilities as soon as possible. 


“Tl lay the foundation with the Captain three or four times over 
the next two weeks before formally submitting my request. At 
the same time, I can head over to the underground market to see 
if there are any of the necessary extraordinary ingredients. They 
will probably be very expensive...” Klein quickly made a decision 
and focused his attention once again on the mysticism lessons. 


Time passed quickly as lunchtime slowly approached. Old Neil 
finished his coffee and cleared the stuff on the table as he 
laughed. 


“your mysticism lessons will come to an end soon. From the test 
just now, it would seem that you can create charms for yourself 
now.” 


“That’s my plan for the next few days.” Klein heaved a satisfied 
sigh. 


Charms were different from the protective amulets he had given 
Benson and Melissa. They needed to be carved with the help of 
ritualistic magic, and they had certain unique abilities that could 
be used in battle. 


But a low-grade charm couldn't do everything. The spirituality it 
contained would decrease over time and had to be renewed once 
every two weeks. Also, he needed to activate them with specific 
incantations; it was impossible to use them at will. 


Furthermore, the charms wielded by the Nighthawks were still 
limited to the “domains” of the Evernight Goddess. Klein could 
only make three different kinds of charms for the time being. 


The first was the Slumber Charm, and its effect was similar to 
Dunn Smith’s and Leonard Mitchell’s ability to put someone to 
sleep with their singing. The second was the Requiem Charm, 
which was able to soothe ghosts, souls, zombies, and the like. It 
could also deal with vengeful and evil spirits to a certain extent. 
The last was the Dream Charm; its abilities allowed the wielder 
to enter the dream of someone else. 


These abilities were similar to the abilities of the Midnight Poet 
and Nightmare from the Sleepless Sequence, so Dunn and 
Leonard had no use for these charms. Corpse Collector Frye, 
Sleepless Royale, and Kenley would bring one or two along with 
them, but they hadn’t needed them in a long time. They 
frequently brought their charms back to Old Neil so he could 
“recharge” them. 


Old Neil glanced at Klein and smiled. 


“I remember you saying that you practiced a lot this month and 
have run out of materials. Are you going to the underground 
market?” 


Klein was taken aback at first before he nodded with a pained 
heart. 


“Yes.” 


He clearly knew the prices of the ingredients. He could only hope 
that he succeeded in making the charms on his first try instead 
of wasting materials... 


After being presented with the mission of bringing lunch 
underground, Klein put on his jacket and hat before returning to 
the Blackthorn Security Company on the second floor with cane 
in hand. 


As he walked past the recreation room, he saw that Leonard and 
the rest had already returned and were enjoying their lunches. 


Knock! Knock! Knock! He knocked on the Captain’s door. 


“Please come in.” Dunn’s mellow voice sounded. 


Klein pushed the door open and took off his hat. 


“Captain, did you catch Instigator Trissy?” 


Dunn rubbed his temples and shook his head in exhaustion. “We 
didn’t find her at Tingen Station, but according to the telegraph 
we received from Backlund, a passenger saw her in the first 
class carriage of the earliest train. Regrettably, she got off in the 
middle of the journey.” 


“How regrettable.” Klein sighed even though he had expected 
this. “Divination isn’t all-powerful...” 


Dunn’s gray eyes swept past him. 


“There’s no need to be depressed. It isn’t easy to capture a 
Sequence 7 Beyonder. At the very least, we disrupted Trissy’s evil 
ritual and saved at least forty innocent lives. Furthermore, we 
understand her situation now. She can no longer commit crimes 
as she wishes.” 


“If she tries to do something similar, she'll be noticed, 
discovered, and reported at any time. Sooner or later, she'll be 
captured by the Nighthawks, Mandated Punishers, or the 
Machinery Hivemind. It’s even possible that she'll be killed.” 


“Let’s hope that is the case. May the Goddess bless us.” Klein 
drew the crimson moon on his chest. 


Following that, he paused and pondered over his words. 


“Captain, I haven’t heard unwanted voices or seen unwanted 
visions for over a week now. Also, that’s true even when I am in 
Cogitation or using my Spirit Vision.” 


“Really?” Dunn creased his brows, puzzled. 


Klein immediately elaborated, “I feel that ’'m not far off from 
achieving full control over the Seer potion. This could be due to 
my frequent visits to the Divination Club and helping others tell 
their fortune.” 


“Why do you think so?” Dunn immediately changed his seating 
posture, his expression lost. 


Klein added a stammer into his sentence. “E-every time I head to 
the Divination Club, I can feel my spirituality becoming more 
active, and every time I help someone divine something, my 
heart, body, and soul become more relaxed. I’ve also come up 
with a set of, well, a set of rules for a Seer. I've been following it 
strictly, just like how a Mystery Pryer can “do as you wish, but do 
no harm.” I found inspiration from this maxim and tried coming 
up with a maxim designed for Seers. 


“I think that this might be an effective way to help Beyonders 
gain control over their potions faster and reduce the risk of 
losing control. Just like Madam Daly who has always been a 
Spirit Medium.” 


It was unknown when Dunn had taken out his pipe. He placed it 
at his nose and took a whiff, seemingly forgetting about Klein as 
he thought for a few minutes. 


“A remarkable guess, and an interesting trial...” 


Klein had only wanted to briefly mention it this time around to 
set up an underlying reason, so he did not say anything further. 
He switched to a half-joking tone and said, “Perhaps I'll be the 
fastest Nighthawk in history to gain control of a Sequence 9 
potion.” 


“May the Goddess watch over you,” Dunn blessed him, not taking 
him seriously. He then slipped into deep thought once again. 


Witnessing this, Klein turned around and said his goodbyes 
before leaving the Captain’s office. 


He was closing the door to the room when he suddenly thought 
of another difficult question. How in the world was he going to 
act as a Clown! 


Must I join a circus? There are no fixed circuses in Tingen, they’re 
all roaming ones... Klein’s expression became a little bitter. 


Being a Seer was still a rather respectable occupation. Klein 
would still be able to hold his head up high even if he was 
spotted by someone he knew. But if he became a Clown, there 
was no way his reputation would hold! 


Perhaps there are other ways of acting as a Clown. There were no 
circuses or clowns when the Blasphemy Slate was revealed to the 
world... Forget it, I won’t have the chance to advance for another 


two or three weeks, so there’s no need to deliberate over this for 
now. Klein avoided the question and headed to the reception 
area. He walked toward Rozanne, Mrs. Orianna, and Bredt to 
fetch his and Old Neil’s lunch. 


Chapter 128: The impoverished Fool 


After eating lunch, Klein only rested for half an hour before he 
rushed to the Shooting Club to practice with his revolver. He 
didn’t dare to relax, not one bit. 


After practicing his shooting skills day after day and expending 
more than a thousand bullets, he was finally shooting well 
enough to earn Dunn Smith’s basic approval. He was pretty good 
at fixed-target shooting. 


After practicing for a while, he put away his revolver and took 
the public carriage to a stop close to the house of his combat 
teacher, Gawain. Then, he walked for ten minutes before 
arriving at the door. 


He changed into his knight training suit that had been left to dry 
in the sun. After running, skipping rope, lifting weights, 
squatting, and other exercises, not to mention footwork and 
punching training, he was covered in sweat and felt exhausted. 


“Take a break for fifteen minutes.” Gawain’s blond white hair 
and deep facial lines made him look hard and stern. He took out 
his pocket watch and flipped it open to glance at the time. 


Since they first began training, he had ultimately maintained 
his silence. He only spoke to Klein when there was a need to 
switch training methods or to correct one of Klein’s mistakes 
whenever one arose. 


Klein panted for air, but he didn’t dare to rest straightaway. He 
paced back and forth slowly. The most direct feedback of his 
combat training was that he was much tanner. His skin had 


turned bronze under the sun. 


Gawain put away his pocket watch and stood next to the crude 
training field behind his house. He crossed his arms as he 
watched Klein cool down. He was as quiet as a marble statue. 


“Teacher, besides fighting with fists, would you teach me how to 
use a straight sword, broadsword, rapier, and spear?” Klein 
asked proactively. He was in a good mood, as he had just 
digested the Seer potion. 


He had seen weapons like the straight sword and rapier in 
Gawain’s collection room before. There was also chest armor and 
full body armor. He knew that Gawain wasn’t only good at 
fighting hand-to-hand. 


Bathed in sunlight, Gawain swept his gaze at Klein. He lowered 
his voice and replied, “It’s useless for you to learn any of those. 
Those weapons have all fallen behind the times, and their only 
place is in museums or the private collections of collectors...” 


He fell silent for a few seconds before adding with a voice that 
had experienced the vicissitudes of life, “They have been 
eliminated... You should focus on guns. Even combat is merely 
supplementary.” 


Klein looked at his listless teacher and chuckled as he spoke. 


“T don’t think so.” 


“Every minister, every Member of Parliament, every general, 
everyone of them thinks so,” Gawain said, clenching his teeth. 


Klein stopped and acted like he was a true keyboard warrior. He 
responded with ease and fluency, “No, they have merely 
retreated from the front lines of a battlefield. They still have 
their uses elsewhere. 


“why does combat have to be used against firearms? They could 
be used together. I believe a person who is more flexible, swifter 
in action, and quicker in response could use guns in a more 
effective manner.” 


When he saw Gawain’s eyes suddenly sharpen, Klein turned 
smug and continued, “The other weapons aren't eliminated 
either. They only need some enhancement to be more portable...” 


“We could form a squad with high maneuverability. A group 
that’s designed to circle the front lines and launch an attack 
from behind the enemy and fight right to their core. In such a 
small-scale surprise attack, a warrior who has outstanding 
hand-to-hand abilities and familiarity with various kinds of 
weapons could play an important role. You can imagine such a 
scene...” 


Klein gave full play to his ability of knowing a bit of everything. 
He mixed and matched all the combat tactics the special forces 
on Earth had and described them to his teacher. 


He wasn’t sure when Gawain’s breathing became heavier. He 
stood there without moving an inch, seemingly unwilling to 
break the scenes he imagined. 


Klein stole a glance at the man’s reaction. He felt smug in his 
head as he cleared his throat and said in a restrained manner, 
“Teacher, what do you think about my plan? Is there any 
possibility of realizing it?” 


Gawain’s body quivered as though he just awoken from a dream. 
He looked deeply into Klein’s eyes and said, “Your break is doing 
you well. Repeat the whole set of exercises ten times.” 


Huh? Klein looked lost. 


Very soon, he started running and snapped back to reality. He 
roared in his heart, Ten sets? Teacher, no! 


I don’t want to celebrate my complete digestion of the Seer 
potion like this! 


Hey, didn’t you gain any inspiration at all?... 


Looking at Klein running towards the other side of the training 
field, Gawain suddenly uncrossed his arms and covered his face 
with one hand. 


He closed his eyes tightly, and the wrinkles on his face were 
deep and obvious. 


After nearly puking from exhaustion, Klein took a shower, 
changed clothes, and bade a still silent Gawain farewell. He took 
the public carriage and left. 


He didn’t return home directly but headed to Evil Dragon Bar 
near the harbor. He planned to inquire about the price of 
Beyonder ingredients and buy items for making charms. 


On the way, Klein kept his mind on his tiny stash that he was 
carrying with him. He forced himself to stay alert and reached 
his destination with great difficulty. 


“I need to save four pounds for the remaining balance that I owe 
to the detective company. I can only use three pounds and five 
soli tonight...” He touched the paper notes in his pocket before 
grabbing his cane and alighting the carriage. 


At that moment, the sun had already begun slipping below the 
horizon. All the houses were gradually tainted with a twilight 
luster. The boxing matches and rat-baiting with dogs were 
already warming up in Evil Dragon Bar. 


After passing through the billiard room and numerous rooms, 
Klein finally entered the underground market. 


He looked to the left and right, but he didn’t see Monster 
Ademisaul who was always active around there. 


“Didn’t Old Neil say that Ademisaul only managed to survive 
because the boss of Evil Dragon Bar feeds him?” Klein asked 
himself curiously. 


As a Nighthawk, he remained vigilant to matters like that. He 
approached the brawny man guarding the door and asked, 
“Where’s Ademisaul?” 


The brawny man replied without a smile, “I have no idea where 
he’s sleeping. He’s been like that lately. He lies down in shivers 
and chants ‘Dead, dead, all corpses, everyone has to die.” 


What scenes did he see this time? What triggered him? Klein 


creased his eyebrows slightly and asked for more details. He 
wanted to know where Ademisaul was sleeping, but the guard 
didn’t know either. 


When I’m done, I'll look for him via divination to see what he’s 
been through... After taking note of this, Klein walked towards 
one of the two rooms at the end of the trading market. 


According to Old Neil, the room on the left was for loans and 
repayment, while the room on the right was for the buying and 
selling of precious items, including Beyonder ingredients. 


When he opened the door to enter the room on the right, Klein 
realized that there was a partition that separated it into two 
spaces, the inside and the outside. There were another three 
customers waiting on the outside. 


He lowered his silk top hat and queued behind the three 
customers. He leaned his body forward and supported himself 
with the cane as he waited in silence. 


Soon, the door of the partition opened and a customer in a 
bluish-gray harbor worker uniform came out. He kept his head 
low and left in a hurry. 


Klein lightly clicked his left molar twice and looked at the man 
with Spirit Vision. He then looked at the other three customers. 
There was nothing wrong with them other than the usual minor 
illnesses that people had. 


After another ten plus minutes, it was finally his turn. 


He opened the door and entered the room that was lit with a 


kerosene lamp. 


He locked the door and took the seat that belonged to the 
customer. He looked towards the old man wearing a black felt 
hat opposite him. 


“Td like to know what Beyonder ingredients you have, and at 
what prices they are being sold.” 


The cheek muscles of the elder were droopy and the wrinkles at 
the corner of his eyes were deep, but his body was well-built. He 
didn’t find Klein’s request weird because many customers 
weren't willing to let another person know what they wanted to 
buy before they confirmed that the seller had it available. 
Generally, they wished to be introduced to all options. 


The old man flipped to the newest pages of the notebook, stole a 
glance at Klein, and took a sip of his honey wine before he said, 
“Water Ghost’s brain tissue costs from three to fifteen pounds 
depending on how intact it is. Star Crystal, 150 pounds per 50 
grams. 200 pounds for one Queen Bee Grass. 170 pounds for an 
adult black-spotted frog... 280 pounds for Human-faced Rose, but 
there’s only one...” 


Klein controlled his emotional response. After he listened to the 
old man’s introduction, he was surprised that an underground 
trading place like this had fewer than thirty Beyonder 
ingredients. 


As he touched the notes worth seven pounds in his pocket and 
thought of Miss Justice’s attitude towards a thousand pounds, he 
sighed. 


“Unfortunately, there is nothing I want.” 


Without waiting for the elder to pose any further questions, he 
quickly turned around to open the door and made an exit. 


He returned to the underground market and looked around 
blankly. He stood there for a while and sighed with a bitter 
smile. 


I’m probably the poorest boss among all the secret organizations... 
That only steeled his resolve of getting ingredients internally 
from the Nighthawks or through exchanges with Justice or The 
Hanged Man. 


After circling the underground market twice, Klein picked and 
purchased ingredients to make charms, such as a partially- 
finished silver piece, herbal powders needed for rituals, and 
natural ores. He spent one pound and fifteen soli in total. 


My private stash of money only has five pounds ten soli left. 
Excluding the final payment to the detective, I still have one pound 
ten soli... After Klein silently did the math regarding his 
financial situation, he felt helpless. 


Of course, he knew very well that he had only been working for 
just over a month. If the time span had been extended to a year, 
he should have been able to save up more than a hundred 
pounds. 


“In another two weeks, I'll have to tell Benson and Melissa that 
I've gotten a raise to three pounds. We can hire a maidservant, 
but I won't have a private stash of money anymore...” Klein 
thought as he walked towards the exit of the underground 
market. 


Just then, he saw Old Neil in his classic black robe entering 
slowly. 


“Got everything?” Old Neil greeted with a chuckle. 


“Yes,” Klein answered frankly. 


Old Neil tsked immediately. “You came really early.” 


“That’s because I’m still hungry, but you’ve already had your 
dinner.” Klein chatted casually with Old Neil. 


After a while, the boss of Evil Dragon Bar, Swain, walked in with 
his navy officer uniform draped over him. He approached the 
two of them with a mask of solemnity and lowered his voice. 


“I need your help.” 


“What happened?” Old Neil suddenly turned serious, and Klein 
couldn’t help but feel a tug at his heartstrings. 


Swain’s brown hair was messy, and there was a strong smell of 
alcohol in his breath. He replied in a low voice, “A member from 
the Mandated Punishers has lost control nearby. We have to 
finish him before he harms any commoners!” 


Chapter 129: Rampager 


Lost control? Klein’s heart tightened as he nearly blurted out his 
question. 


Even though Dunn and Old Neil had frequently emphasized the 
possibilities of losing control and the harm it caused, this was 
the first time he was experiencing an incident like that. He felt a 
little horrified, a little lost, a little scared, and a little saddened. 
He felt extremely mixed emotions. 


“Among the cases that we... have to deal with annually, a quarter 
of them were a result of Beyonders who lost control... And among 
the quarter of cases, a large number of them are our teammates.” 
Dunn’s words flashed past Klein’s mind, slowing his reaction. 


Old Neil, who had experienced many incidents like this, 
immediately asked, “Where is the Rampager? What do you need 
us to do?” 


Klein was taken aback from hearing this. He had believed that a 
sleazy, “half-retired personnel” like Old Neil would find an 
excuse to reject Swain’s request or extort a huge sum in 
exchange for his help. Never did Klein expect Old Neil to 
participate without any hesitation, not minding the differences 
between Nighthawks and Mandated Punishers. 


Klein suddenly understood something when he looked at the 
serious Old Neil. It didn’t matter if they were Nighthawks, 
Mandated Punishers, or Machinery Hivemind. Their aim was to 
stop supernatural powers from harming the innocent and 
maintain peace and stability in Tingen. If they were met with a 
dangerous and urgent situation, their sense of duty would propel 
them to help without hesitation! 


Swain answered succinctly, “Be my support!” 


He didn’t explain why the person lost control or where the 
Rampager was. Instead, he made his way to the exit quickly. 


This ex-captain of the Mandated Punishers was clearly an old 
alcoholic, but Klein realized that he could not keep up with the 
man’s pace. He needed to break into a jog to ensure that he was 
not left behind. 


He turned his head to look at Old Neil, only to see the old 
Mystery Pryer break into a run. 


The three of them didn’t pay any attention to the gazes of the 
guards on their way there. One of them had an old navy uniform 
draped over him, another was in a dark classic robe, and the 
other in a black trench coat. They charged out of the billiard 
room and into Evil Dragon Bar. 


The customers who were drinking shifted their gazes from the 
rat-baiting competition to Klein and company. 


“Ts that Boss Swain?” 


“Where’s he going in such a hurry?” 


“Did someone default on their loan?” 


Amidst the soft murmurs, some of the customers focused their 


attention back to the cage. They once again broke into an uproar, 
venting the stresses of their day. However, some of the more 
perceptive customers felt a faint sense of unease. 


Tap! Tap! Tap! 


Klein, Old Neil, and Swain ran across the road and entered the 
harbor district. 


“On that boat.” Swain slowed down and pointed at a cargo ship 
not far away. “Two Mandated Punishers are circling the 
Rampager, preventing him from entering the Tussock River. Help 
me influence him and bring him under control. Leave the rest to 
me.” 


Old Neil panted for air and said, “Alright, b-but you have to give 
me a minute. Phew, a minute to recover.” 


Swain nodded and didn’t say any more. He charged up to the 
ship and joined the fight. 


Upon hearing the sounds of combat on the ship, Old Neil looked 
at the somewhat nervous Klein. He took out a piece of silver 
about the size of a baby’s palm from a hidden pocket near his 
waist. He then passed the silver to Klein and said, “Slumber 
Charm. The incantation to activate this amulet is the phrase 
‘Evernight’ in ancient Hermes. After you finish the incantation, 
inject your spirituality into the charm and then throw it at the 
target after three seconds.” 


“Alright!” Klein extended his hand to receive the charm and felt 
moved. 


This charm was carved with Hermes incantations on both sides, 
as well as the corresponding symbols, Path Numbers, and the 
spell’s characteristics. He didn’t need to activate his Spirit Vision 
to feel the deep, serene power flowing within the charm. 


Old Neil stood up straight and took out a similar charm from his 
hidden pocket and held it in his palm. He joked as he walked 
toward the cargo ship, “Do not be too nervous, relax and think 
about something else. For example, I lent you that charm. If 
you're going to use it, remember to make one for me in return. 
Of course, you can wait till next month, when you receive a new 
quota of materials before you do so.” 


This... He really is the experienced Old Neil... Klein placed the 
charm into his left pocket, reached into his holster, took out his 
revolver, and adjusted the hammer and drum. 


“I don’t feel that nervous anymore...” He had a gun in one hand 
and his cane in the other. He made his way up the steps with Old 
Neil and boarded the cargo ship. 


This cargo ship had obvious signs of age. Although it was 
powered by steam and had a chimney, it retained its past 
fixtures such as its mast and sails. Furthermore, only its surface 
and some other portions were plated with metal; the remaining 
sections of the ship were still made of wood. 


As the sounds of the battle intensified, Klein and Old Neil 
suddenly heard a loud noise amid the din while searching for a 
way to enter the cabin. 


The wooden cabin was instantly shattered, its fragments flying 
everywhere. A figure fell through the hole and crashed onto the 
side of the ship. 


Klein didn’t have the luxury of time to evaluate the man’s 
injuries. His gaze was focused on the monster which was 
charging towards the hole. 


The monster was over 1.8 meters in height and was wearing a 
tattered shirt and trouser. Its ankles were covered with dark 
green scales, and a layer of skin had formed between its fingers 
and toes, as if they were the webbed limbs of an aquatic 
creature. 


It had a head covered in wrinkles, still barely resembling a 
human. Its scales were coated with a sticky fluid that 
continuously dripped onto the floor. 


Sizzle! 


The sticky dark-green liquid corroded the deck slightly, leaving 
visible marks behind. 


Bam! Swain punched the monster from the side, causing it to 
stagger two steps to the side. 


Bam! Bam! Bam! Even with the ridiculous muscles Swain had, he 
was clearly inferior to the monster. Despite having his punches 
and kicks connect, they were unable to smash through its scales 
and cause physical harm. Swain was momentarily reduced to a 
wretched state as he staggered. 


If not for Swain’s astounding sense of balance and the efforts of 
the other Mandated Punishers to shoot and suppress the 
monster, Klein suspected that this blue-eyed elder would’ve been 
beaten to death by the monster. 


Thud! Thud! Thud! Swain took multiple steps back, then 
advanced once again, like a moth to a flame. 


But Klein could sense that he was accumulating something, 
waiting for something. 


Bam! 


Swain was sent to retreat, his body obscuring another Mandated 
Punisher’s field of vision. 


The monster took this chance to charge towards the opening. 


It wanted to escape the ship and jump into the Tussock River! 


Looking at the wrinkled, sticky head of the monster, Klein lifted 
his right hand and pulled the trigger. 


Bang! 


The silver demon hunting bullet hit the monster’s body just as 
he predicted. But it had only hit its scales and failed to fully 
penetrate its body. 


The monster let out a ear-piercing shriek before it exerted 
strength with its feet and pounced at Klein. 


When a stinking fishy smell hit him, Klein suddenly hunched 
down and rolled to the side. 


Clang! He felt the ship shake as fragments had hit it as well. 


At the same time, he heard an old but deep voice recite an 
incantation in ancient Hermes, “Evernight!” 


Klein rolled over two more times. He couldn’t care about his cane 
as he lifted his head and revolver in a fluster. All he saw was Old 
Neil tossing out his charm calmly, despite being incredibly close 
to the monster. 


The piece of silver was instantly swallowed by a dark red flame 
and released the faint sound of an explosion. 


A deep, serene power spread forth. The monster, who had almost 
destroyed the side of the ship, rocked. Its movements became 
sluggish. 


Swain charged out from the cabin. He approached the creature 
and pulled back his arm, hitting the monster like a jackhammer. 
His punches connected with the head of the monster. 


But he could barely inflict a wound, let alone cause any fatal 
damage. But Klein could sense that whatever the blue-eyed elder 
was accumulating had finally reached its peak. 


Boom! The monster seemed to recover. It flailed its arm and 
made Swain take five steps back in retreat. Each of his steps 
caused cracks to form on the deck. 


Seeing that the monster was about to turn around and jump off 
the cargo ship, Klein took out the Slumber Charm from his 
pocket in a hurry. 


After which, he expertly recited the phrase in Ancient Hermes, 
“Evernight!” 


Suddenly, Klein felt the silver charm in his hand turn ice-cold, as 
if it was made from snow. 


He didn’t think too much about it. He injected his spirituality 
into the charm, then pulled his arm back before throwing it 
forward, sending the charm flying towards the monster. 


Meanwhile, the murloc-like monster had jumped into the air. 


The dark red flames illuminated the surrounding darkness and 
the faint explosion was like a prelude to a slumber as it quickly 
radiated outwards. 


Bam! 


The monster fell onto the dock, squirming into a ball. It was 
temporarily in a half-asleep state. 


Klein was just about to rush to the side of the boat and shoot at 
the monster’s head when he suddenly saw Swain charge out and 
jump over, his navy uniform already long gone. 


He changed his posture in the air, his muscles tightening. 


Using his spiritual perception, Klein could feel something that 
had been suppressed erupt. Swain descended from the sky and 
slammed into the body of the monster. He then straightened his 
back and landed a heavy fist on the head of the monster. 


Crack! 


The monster’s skull shattered into pieces. Dark red blood and 
grayish brain matter laced with the green sticky liquid splattered 
all over the ground. 


“This is one of the abilities of a Folk of Rage?” Klein muttered to 
himself as he stood near the broken side of the ship. 


Old Neil held his left arm and leaned over to look at what had 
happened below. 


At that moment, Swain was standing straight. He stared at the 
monster under his feet that had just lost its life. 


He took out a metal flask and opened the lid. He drank a good 
half of the liquor before tilting the flask, pouring the remaining 
liquor onto the monster. 


After finishing this, Swain looked like he had aged considerably, 
his back hunching a little. 


Old Neil sighed as he looked at the scene below. He whispered to 
Klein, “I know this Mandated Punisher who lost control. He had 
followed Swain for almost thirty years, once clearing water 
ghosts who had been killing people on the shore. He also 
captured evil Beyonders who were trying to escape through the 
Tussock River...” 


He didn’t continue, but Klein understood what he wanted to say: 
A guard who had made many contributions and killed countless 
monsters ended up becoming a monster himself. 


This was not an isolated incident. It was a possible outcome that 
many members of the Nighthawks, Mandated Punishers, or 
Machinery Hivemind would one day face. 


TL Note: Hi, CKtalon here, the translator of LoM. I’ve included the 
author’s notes before the book went Premium in China below. 


Author’s Notes: 


It has been two months since LoM was first released, and it’s 
time to go Premium. 


In the past two months, I nearly didn’t say much in the Author’s 
Notes or interact much with you. The main reason is that ’m 
increasingly convinced that the best communication between 
author and reader is inside the novel. I will write whatever I 
wish to express or describe inside the story, so there’s no need 
for me to say anything else. 


Yes, back to LoM, I probably had this idea to find the joy from 
first coming into contact with web novels. That feeling of “wow, 
there can be such a world” or “there’s actually such a magical 
world.” 


Back then, every book presented a variety of different and 
interesting worlds. It always exposed me to more, making me 
unable to extricate myself from those worlds as they expand my 
imagination. Of course, it has to do with me having little 
exposure to similar novels. 


Therefore, when I felt that I had made sufficient preparations in 
creating the framework of a relatively new world and an 
interesting and amazing system, I began this book with 
uneasiness and courage. 


With “acting” the 22 Pathways as core, with 220 potions and 220 
“jobs,” this is a part that I hope the most that can interest 
everyone. In addition, it mixes in Cthulu mythos, SCP Foundation 
elements, and the vibes of the first Industrial Revolution’s era 
and a steampunk world. 


I read many books and created many settings, but I know that 
what’s most important is to carefully tell this story. I took my 
time to tell it, which is why the first volume’s pace is extremely 
slow. It’s also why chapters consisting of more than 410,000+ 
Chinese characters (255,000+ English words) were released free. I 
wanted to honestly develop the plot and accentuate the 
characters to portray the world. I didn’t seek so-called climaxes 
and presented the scenes in my heart to you. 


Thanks to MAM’s writing, I was able to have standards that can 
attract others when writing slice of life parts, allowing me to be 
equipped with the ability and writing flair needed to honestly 
tell a story. 


In the past, I learned how to express, or it could be said that 
every writer or author can innately express. But now, I feel that 
I've begun restraining myself. Many a time, I would not describe 
it, but use actions, speech and expressions to present the 
emotions, without any inner monologue. I might not even use 
actions, speech, and expression, just describing it coldly, like the 
chapter with the female lead workers. It’s also my wish to 
maintain standards at critical points in LoM. 


This book’s various frameworks are probably the most complete 
one among all my books. Look forward to how I handle 
everything. 


This is my thoughts and attempts for this book. I hope everyone 
will like it. I wish you can support me by paying for Premium 
chapters; after all, I still need to make a livelihood. I still need to 
meet the demands of my wife... 


I've always been a normal person, and I’ve never had any doubts 
to that. At the same time, I’m also a person who’s very lazy and 
have many personality problems. 


I once thought of organizing my own fan club like other authors, 
but, aiyah, it’s really frustrating and tiring. Then, there was no 
more ‘thens.’ 


I once thought of having a Weibo [1] to amass some popularity, 
but, aiyah, it’s really frustrating and tiring. Then, there was no 
more ‘thens.’ I’ve already lost track of the last time I updated on 
Weibo. 


I made a public WeChat account and attempted writing 
somethings, but, aiyah, it’s really frustrating and tiring. Then, 
there are updates only once in a while. 


I attempted to hire others to help me run the social media 
account, but I always find it awkward and embarrassing seeing 
the content posted by others. So, I stopped it. 


Phew, I wish to be a mediator for myself. Admit it, you are a lazy 
person. You are a person who is flawed when it comes to social 
interactions. You are a thin skinned person who wants face at the 
cost of your life. You are a person who doesn’t like getting 
disturbed by various miscellaneous matters. You are just like it is 
to wash a pig is to waste both water and soap. 


Perhaps, what I can do well and am willing to do well is to write 
novels, the depiction of the story in my heart. 


That is how I reconcile with myself, not to live on awkwardly or 
force myself to become popular. For the public account, I'll post 
something when I think of it. If there’s nothing, forget it. Well, 
reconciliation is just an artistic way of saying convincing. The 
accurate description should be to live in self-abandonment. 
*Rubs hands nefariously.* 


After this communication, we will have Premium chapters for 
the next update. I'll make my plea here for you to support 
Premium and vote with your Power Stones. There will be a mass 
release! Really, I have a stockpile! 


Well, there will at least be 5, maybe 6! 


1. Chinese Twitter. 


Chapter 120: Backlunil’s Secret Gathering 


Klein looked at Swain standing before the monster’s corpse 
before looking sideways towards the Mandated Punisher who 
was helping his semi-conscious partner up by the arm. Klein 
suddenly felt an indescribable sadness. 


It was almost impossible for members of the Nighthawks, 
Mandated Punishers, and the Machinery Hivemind to be known 
as heroes. The things they did were never made known to the 
public but only hidden in confidential dockets. But the danger 
and pain they endured were ever so real. 


Perhaps there would be a day when my enemy will be one of my 
teammates... Klein sighed silently. He felt the heavy weight that 
all Nighthawks, Mandated Punishers, and Machinery Hivemind 
carried. 


At that moment, Old Neil let out a sigh. 
“Let’s go. Let’s not disturb them.” 


“Okay.” Klein picked up his cane. Just as he widened his stride, 
he suddenly noticed that Old Neil was still holding his left hand. 
He asked, concerned, “Are you hurt?” 


Old Neil chuckled briefly before saying, “I got stabbed by one of 
the shrapnel earlier. If I was still young, I definitely would’ve 
been able to dodge it. Luckily, it’s just a small cut.” 


He moved his right hand slightly to let Klein see the tiny wound 
that was still lightly bleeding on the back of his left hand. 


After he confirmed that it wasn’t a big issue, Klein walked off 
along the gangway as he sighed. 


“Mr. Neil, you're much calmer than I imagined. Despite being 
less than two meters away from the monster, you could still 
chant the incantation calmly and use the charm.” 


Although the rampaging Mandated Punisher had leaped towards 
Klein in the form of a monster, Old Neil was physically very 
close to him the entire time. 


Old Neil chucked at the compliment. 


“Tm an experienced Nighthawk. Among the dangerous things 
that I've done, what happened just now isn’t even in my top ten. 
Once, when I was patrolling Raphael Cemetery with Dunn, I had 
no idea that a corpse had turned into a zombie and left its tomb 
to lie in ambush in the shadows of the trees. I passed by without 
noticing it at all since I was looking for some hidden spot. Heh, 
you know what I mean. In the end, he leapt onto my back and 
seized my throat.” 


Klein felt gripped by terror when he heard the recollection as he 
voiced out his guess. 


“And under such a situation, you were still calm enough to use a 
charm? Or did you use some spell that a Mystery Pryer could cast 
quickly?” 


Old Neil stole a glance at him and chortled. “No, Dunn managed 
to drag that zombie into a slumber in time. I’m telling you this 
story to tell you that, as a Nighthawk, you not only have to 
believe in yourself, you also have to trust your teammates too.” 


Klein fell silent for a few seconds. Then, he replied both sincerely 
and jokingly, “Mr. Neil, you are so wise today.” 


Old Neil did a tiny hop and found his footing on the pier. He 
replied in disdain, “That’s because you only get to know the most 
trivial side of me usually.” 


The two of them left the harbor and walked towards Evil Dragon 
Bar. 


Klein put away his revolver, set his cane aside, and took off his 
jacket. Under the light of the gas street lamp, he started checking 
if there was any damage to his jacket. 


“How lucky. There are only a few splinters and a patch that got 
dirtied...” He removed the splinters and roughly patted the dust 
away. Then, he put it back on. 


Old Neil looked at him with a smile and mimicked his tone by 
adding leisurely. “What a pity, theres no way to claim 
compensation.” 


Klein was temporarily at a loss for words. 


I’m not such a person! He emphasized in his heart. 


As the public carriage arrived, Klein took out his silver vine-leaf 
pocket watch and flipped it open to check the time. 


“If there’s nothing else, I have to head home,” he turned to tell 
Old Neil. 


Old Neil nodded slightly and said, “Enjoy your dinner at home. 
You don’t need to think about the Slumber Charm. I'll get Swain 
to compensate me. He’s a rich man after all. Of course, I won't go 
today. I have to consider his mood.” 


Klein opened his mouth, but in the end, he only said, “...Thank 
you for your generosity.” 


He boarded the carriage quickly and returned to Daffodil Street. It 
was already past seven in the evening, and the sky had already 
grown dark. 


Klein took out his keys to open the door and saw Melissa taking 
off her fishnet hat and setting it on the clothes rack. He smiled 
and did small talk. 


“you just got back?” 


Then, his mixed emotions suddenly vanished, and he felt relaxed 
and warm. 


“There was a practical lesson in school today,” Melissa explained 
seriously. 


Klein sniffed and smelled the fragrance of food. He was stunned 
and asked subconsciously, “Then, who’s cooking dinner?” 


The moment he finished his sentence, both of them answered 
the question in unison, “Benson!” 


Their tone had a hint of alarm. 


Benson, who had heard their conversation, walked out of the 
kitchen. While wiping his hands on an apron, he said, “Do you 
have no confidence in my cooking? I remember that before 
Melissa learned how to cook, you two would wait for me to come 
home and watch me cook with anticipation. Actually, cooking is 
so easy. You want potato beef stew? Put in the beef first, then the 
potatoes, then add some seasoning...” 


Klein and Melissa exchanged glances and remained silent. 


Putting aside his cane and took off his hat, Klein turned around 
and smiled. 


“I think it’s time to hire a maidservant. It’s very unhealthy to not 
eat dinner on time.” 


“But I don’t want to have a stranger next to us when we chat. 
Thatll make me _ feel uncomfortable,” Melissa said, 
subconsciously finding an excuse to object. 


Klein spoke with a smile as he took off his jacket. 


“T don’t mind...” 


Just then, his expression froze, and he stopped what he was 
doing. 


I almost took off my jacket. I still have a revolver at my armpit... 


Ahem. He cleared his throat and pretended nothing happened. 
“Don’t mind her. When we get home, we can let the maidservant 
rest in her room. I doubt any maidservant would dislike resting. 


Hmm, we must find a maidservant who’s willing to learn how to 
cook.” 


He didn’t want to endure the torture of a cuisine that left him 
guessing in the future. 


Benson stood at the kitchen and nodded in agreement. 


“When we have time, we can go over to Tingen Family Servant 
Assistance Association. They have a great deal of experience and 
many resources in this field.” 


“Alright, it’s decided then!” Klein ignored Melissa’s unwilling 
look. 


Backlund, Empress Borough, Viscount Glaint’s residence. 


Audrey Hall left the party with her personal maid, Annie. They 
came to the second floor and entered the bedroom that the 
Viscount had prepared. 


She took off her glamorous dress and her lightweight dancing 
heels slowly with Annie’s assistance. She then put on a black 
hooded robe that she had prepared ahead of time. 


Pulling up the hood, Audrey stood before the full mirror and 
examined herself. 


She saw that more than half her face was covered by the shadow 


of her hood, and only her beautiful lips were clearly exposed. 


Long black robe, face hidden by shadows, a mysterious feeling... 
This is something I’ve been dreaming of wearing all this time! 
Audrey thought to herself happily. 


Worried, she added a blue boat-shaped soft hat under her hood. 
With the fine checkered fishnet drooping down, her facial 
features became even more indiscernible. 


“Not bad, that’s it!” Audrey stuffed her feet into leather ankle 
boots, looked to the side, and told Annie, “Wait for me here. No 
matter who comes, do not open the door.” 


Annie looked at her helplessly and said, “But you have to make 
sure that your trip doesn’t take more than an hour.” 


“you should trust me. I have kept my promise every single time 
in the past.” Audrey smiled and leaned in towards her personal 
maidservant. She hugged her and kissed her cheek as etiquette 
demanded. 


Then, she walked quickly and pulled up her hood. Turning 
around, she exited the bedroom through a secret door. 


She walked all the way down and came to the side door of the 
viscount’s residence where she saw that there was already a 
carriage waiting there. 


Glaint stood amidst the shadows as he glanced at Audrey and 
complimented sincerely, “By dressing up like this, you are really, 
yeah—like the description Emperor Roselle often used—very 
cool.” 


“Thank you.” Audrey pulled up an imaginary skirt and curtsied 
elegantly. 


The two of them got into the carriage and left the villa. They 
arrived at a house about ten minutes away. 


Outside the house, Audrey saw Apprentice Fors Wall and her 
friend, Arbiter Xio Derecha, whom she had been seeing recently. 


Fors’s slightly wavy brown hair and her light blue eyes showed a 
natural laziness. She pointed at Xio Derecha next to her and said, 
“She’s an excellent persuader, capable of helping you get things 
that you want.” 


Xio Derecha was slightly shorter, about 150 cm at most. Her 
facial features were soft, but she seemed pretty young and 
immature. 


Although her shoulder length blond hair was messy and 
unkempt, and she was in a traditional knight training suit, she 
carried an indescribable look of dignity and a convincing charm. 


Audrey had met her a few times. She smiled faintly and greeted, 
“Miss Xio, can I trust you?” 


“you don’t have to worry at all.” Xio Derecha smiled and gestured 
with her hand. 


Just as she walked to follow Audrey and Viscount Glaint, they 
heard a sudden thud. 


Audrey looked towards the source of the sound and saw that a 


triangular blade coruscating with a cold glimmer had fallen 
beside Xio Derecha’s leg. 


Audrey and Xio Derecha exchanged looks, simultaneously at a 
loss for words. 


After nearly twenty seconds, Xio Derecha quickly squatted and 
picked up the triangular blade and hid it on her body. 


“We have to prevent the occurrence of an accident. Some people 
lack rationality, and they aren’t convinced easily,” Xio Derecha 
explained seriously. 


Audrey nodded and replied with a clear voice, “I believe you...” 


“These are tools to convince those b*stards to talk to us calmly,” 
Fors added, looking sideways at the lawn. 


The quartet didn’t continue conversing and walked a few steps 
forward. They knocked on the wooden door with three long and 
two short knocks. 


The door squeaked and opened. Slowly, using her Spectator state, 
Audrey looked into the house that had many people sitting 
around randomly. They employed various methods such as 
hoods or masks to conceal their looks. Some didn’t even bother 
and exposed their faces openly. 


Almost instantly, Audrey noticed a black-robed man on a single 
seat sofa. 


That man wore a hood too, hiding his looks under a shadow. 


He looked at all the guests in silence, giving people a feeling that 
he was somehow in a commanding position. 


He is very confident, but his gaze is very disgusting. His gaze 
moved up and down my body like two slippery tentacles wanting 
to tear off my clothes... Audrey’s senses were sharp. She carefully 
observed and made a judgment calmly, but she nearly had 
goosebumps. 


Fors introduced him. 


“That’s Mr. A, a powerful Beyonder, the leader of this secret 
gathering.” 


Chapter 121: Transaction 


Mr. A? That sounds more like a code name for a criminal rather 
than a powerful man of mystery. It can’t be compared to The Fool 
at all... No, only gods or demigods can be compared to Mr. Fool... 
Audrey felt a sense of superiority as she thought about this. 


She looked calmly at Mr. A and spoke to Fors and Xio Derecha 
with a hushed tone, “Are there any stories about this man?” 


The hooded Viscount Glaint was equally curious. 


Xio Derecha replied sternly, “There were several such incidents 
in the past. Sequence 8 Beyonders, some even at Sequence 7, have 
targeted and tried to deal with Mr. A, but they’ve all mysteriously 
disappeared.” 


“So he truly is a powerful Beyonder,” Glaint marveled. 


They walked into the room as they spoke. The guards 
immediately closed the door behind them. 


After adjusting to the gas lamp’s light in the room, Audrey saw 
two blackboards with several phrases written across them right 
in front of her. 


At that moment, Fors, who had an unlit cigarette in her hand, 
whispered, “Those are the requests of the members of this 
gathering. You should be able to understand that many people do 
not wish for others to know what they possess to avoid being a 
target of greedy people. Thus, they write their requests, or what 
they are selling, as well as the rough price on the blackboards 


anonymously.” 


Audrey nodded. She didn’t care to observe the members of the 
meeting; instead, she shifted her gaze to the words on the left 
board. 


“I need a pair of eyes from a mature Manhal Fish.” 


“The dust left behind by vengeful spirits, 165 pounds.” 


“Three pages from Emperor Roselle’s notebook, 20 pounds.” 


Audrey couldn’t maintain the state of her Spectator when she 
saw that. She was as shocked as she was excited. 


These prices... these prices are too... too cheap! She thought in 
excitement and joy. 


As she walked, her gaze shifted as she saw other notices. 


“Tears of an Infant flower, 200 pounds.” 


“Mummy Powder, 10 grams, 5 pounds.” 


“Murloc Slime, 30 ml, 29 pounds.” 


“Formula for Sequence 8 potion Sheriff, 450 pounds.” 


Too... just too cheap! The Beyonder ingredients all cost less than 
300 pounds! Audrey’s eyes sparkled as she found a place to sit 
together with her companions. 


Xio Derecha leaned over and whispered into her ear, “Do you 
have anything you want?” 


Audrey breathed heavily. Emperor Roselle’s famous quote flashed 
through her mind: “I want it all!” 


She had two elder brothers, rendering her eligibility to inherit 
the aristocratic title and the main portion of the inheritance 
null. But as a lady adored by her parents and brothers, she had 
property, farmland, pastures, mines, jewelry, stocks, and bonds 
to her name. Together, they were valued at 300,000 pounds. 


This was a part of her inheritance, but she only possessed them 
in name before her father, Earl Hall, passed away, or when she 
got married. Every year, she received a corresponding amount 
from a trust fund. 


But even so, she could receive 15,000 to 25,000 pounds a year, 
making her one of the richest women among the nobles in the 
entire Loen Kingdom. 


Of course, she had expenses she couldn’t avoid as a noble. And 
now that she was receiving annual payouts, she could no longer 
pester her parents for money all the time. 


She controlled herself and answered with reservation, “For the 
time being, I have my sights on Emperor Roselle’s notebook. I 


adore him, and I think that the special symbols and literature he 
created hold a mysterious power; it’s just that we haven’t found 
the correct way to decipher them.” 


Audrey, you are becoming more and more hypocritical... She 
added in her heart. 


Just as she had said that, a young man in a white shirt sitting 
near them stood up excitedly. He agreed with Audrey, “Yes! That’s 
true! I’ve finally met someone who shares the same opinion as 
me! 


“Tm the person with the three pages of the notebook, and I can 
sell them to you right now!” 


Audrey was at a loss at first before she replied with a smile, 
“Then please allow me to express my gratitude.” 


She took out a pair of 10-pound notes and handed them over to 
the man, then received the three pages of Emperor Roselle’s 
diary in exchange. Of course, no one here knew that they were 
part of his diary, and thus everyone generally called them his 
notebook. 


Audrey flipped through the pages after she received them and 
confirmed that the writing was similar to the previous pages 
that she had come across. 


She put away the diary and asked Xio and Fors softly, “Who can I 
look for if the notes are fake? Mr. A?” 


“yes, Mr. A will not allow any fraud to take place in his 
gathering. And I could help you mediate this privately too,” Xio 


Derecha replied eagerly. 


“I understand.” Audrey entered her Spectator state and surveyed 
the Beyonders and Beyonders-to-be around her. 


There were many people looking over because of the excitement 
of the young man just now. They were observing Audrey and 
Glaint, some making it obvious while others were more discreet, 
but Audrey and Glaint’s hoods covered their features well. 


There are sofas and chairs strewn all around the venue, all facing 
the board. The material of the furniture is rather normal, 
indicating that the person who gathered them here, Mr. A, isn’t a 
noble and doesn’t care much about the venue... Yes, with the 
confidence he displayed, he need not be overly pretentious with the 
venue... Audrey looked around and calmly observed. 


Mr. A looks at all the ladies present, his gaze often lingering on 
those who have above-average looks... He’s lecherous... Why is he 
looking at me so frequently? Can he see through my robe? 


Audrey was shocked at this deduction. She felt disgusted, as if 
she had just eaten a fly. 


But her worries quickly eased, for she noticed that Mr. A was not 
looking at her body or the bodies of the other ladies... 


This means that his eyes cannot see through fabric directly. His 
sense of sight is exceptional. It’s as if he’s observing me at a close 
distance. With that ability, the hood won’t achieve much. Audrey 
calmly observed the rest of the people engaging in their own 
deals and got an understanding of the circumstances of some of 
the people there. 


At that moment, Mr. A’s facilitator walked over and whispered to 
Audrey’s group, “You can write your requests on a piece of paper 
and pass them to me, or wait till the break later to write 
whatever you want to sell on the blackboard in the small room.” 


Fors took a whiff of her cigarette and surveyed the surroundings 
cautiously. “Have you considered which Sequence 9 formula you 
want?” 


She had kept her promise and told Audrey and Viscount Glaint 
about all the Sequence pathways she knew of. 


Audrey pretended to think before saying, “Spectator, I want to 
become a Spectator. And, I also want the advancement of 
Spectator, the Telepathist.” 


She considered the fact that she would have to come into 
frequent contact with Fors and Xio Derecha in the future, 
making it highly possible that they would realize that she was a 
Beyonder, a Spectator. Thus, she decided to take this opportunity 
to reveal this to them and completely conceal the fact that the 
Tarot Club existed. 


Even though I’ll be wasting some money, it’ll still be worth it... 
Audrey praised herself. 


At the same time, she noticed that Xio Derecha was looking at 
the blackboards from time to time, her expression was that of 
desire and depression. 


Xio told me that the corresponding Sequence 8 to Arbiter was 
Sheriff. She’s looking at the 450-pound price tag? Well, it’s obvious 
that she wants the formula for Sheriff... 


She’s already been an Arbiter for more than a year, and she has 
been unknowingly acting the role of an Arbiter. Her potion should 
have been digested already... 


All these details tell me that Xio lacks money! 


As Audrey was deducing all of this, Viscount Glaint revealed his 
choice. 


“Apothecary, I want the formula for Sequence 9 Apothecary!” 


Feeling the gazes from Audrey, Fors, and Xio, he explained 
himself with a chortle, “To me, health and not having to worry 
about major illnesses and harm is the most important thing!” 


“A rational decision. I once dreamed of becoming an Apothecary.” 
Fors sighed while smiling. 


She had a rather languid demeanor. 


After making the decision, Audrey and the rest wrote their 
requests on pieces of paper and handed them over to the 
facilitator. They looked on as the facilitator made his way 
around the venue and asked the other participants, collecting 
several other slips of paper. 


This facilitator then shuffled the notes and handed them over to 
his partner in charge of the blackboards, asking him to 
transcribe the information onto them. 


“I need the formulas for potions Spectator and Telepathist, the 
price will be negotiated face-to-face...” 


The facilitator would repeat the request three times after he 
wrote it onto the blackboard. If someone was interested, they 
could apply for a room in secret. There would be facilitators 
helping them complete the deal. 


After waiting for a while, Audrey and Glaint didn’t receive a 
request for a deal. They were rather disappointed. 


At this moment, a facilitator walked over to Audrey’s side and 
handed her a folded piece of paper. 


“It’s from Mr. A,” the facilitator said softly. 


Audrey unfolded the slip of paper and took a look. 


“Are you interested in the formulas of other Sequence 9 potions?” 


Audrey curled the ends of her mouth disdainfully and wrote on a 
blank spot: “I am only interested in Spectator.” 


She folded the piece of paper and handed it back to the 
facilitator, then watched as he passed it back to Mr. A. 


Mr. A took a glance and didn’t say anything, continuing to look 
over the rest of the members silently. 


But Audrey sharply noticed that he had secretly burned the piece 
of paper and allowed the ashes to fall to the floor. 


Fifteen minutes later, Mr. A said, “Now we will have a break. You 
can interact with other participants freely.” 


At this moment, the young man who sold Emperor Roselle’s 
diary approached Audrey and said in excitement, “I have already 
deciphered a portion of Emperor Roselle’s special characters and 
tattooed them onto myself, allowing me to gain some 
remarkable abilities. 


“Are you interested?” 


Audrey suddenly recalled that she had asked Mr. Fool if the 
special characters in Emperor Roselle’s diary possessed any 
unique abilities. Mr. Fool’s answer was that they were useless 
unless a deity suddenly took interest in them. 


She looked at the young man in front of her and thought for a 
moment. She then probed, “What remarkable abilities?” 


The young man answered excitedly, “I have become stronger and 
more healthy!” 


Audrey looked at him in pity. “I’m sorry, I have more trust in my 
own research.” 


In the remaining time, she continued observing those who came 
to this gathering, but didn’t obtain any more information. All she 
had was a rough deduction that some of them were doctors or 
lawyers, ordinary occupations. 


Audrey and the rest left the venue after another half an hour and 
returned to Viscount Glaint’s mansion as they waited till the ball 
ended. 


Audrey returned home at about 10 that night. She was about to 
get her maidservant to prepare some hot water when she saw 


her dog Susie shoot her a look. 


My dog just shot me a look... Audrey's emotions became 
complicated. 


Chapter 122: Meeting the Monster Again 


She found an excuse for her maidservant to leave them alone 
temporarily. Audrey locked the door and looked back at her 
golden retriever, Susie, who she wasn’t sure could still be 
considered as her pet. 


“you heard... Uh, or came across something?” 
Susie sat steadily and howled, reverberating the air around her. 


“Yes, I heard the Count’s discussion with a few Members of 
Parliament in the study. They said that the King and the Prime 
Minister came to a mutual agreement; they will give up their 
revenge plan on the Feysac Empire in Balam’s East Coast for the 
time being. Where’s Balam’s East Coast?” 


Susie’s terrifying speed at grasping Loen made Audrey feel mixed 
emotions. She fell silent for a few seconds before she said, “Ill 
give you a map tomorrow...” 


“Okay~” Susie replied in delight. “The King and the Prime 
Minister believe that presently the most pertinent task is to push 
for the reformation, which will allow civil servants to be selected 
via examination. They hope to pass the bill through the House of 
Lords and the House of Commons before October.” 


“Really?” Audrey asked, pleasantly surprised. 


That was the first matter that she had managed to secretly guide 
after she became a Spectator. Turning it into reality would give 
her a sense of achievement! 


Susie answered frankly, “I can’t give you a definite answer. This 
is just what I’ve heard, I couldn’t even fully understand what 
they meant. After all, I’m a dog that just started to learn.” 


Audrey was stunned for a moment before she beamed and said, 
“Susie, you did well! This is your reward!” 


She took out a bag from a lavish cabinet, tore open the seal, and 
placed it before Susie. 


It was a dog biscuit produced by the Backlund Pet Care Company 
which was made of flour, vegetables, meat, and water. It was a 
snack that Susie really liked. 


Susie sat straight and sniffed. She waved her paw, seemingly 
deciding how she was to consume it to suit her present identity 
the best. 


After a few seconds, she gave up thinking, adhered to her 
instinct, and leaped forward. She grabbed the bag of snacks and 
ran outside. 


She stood on her hind legs and opened the door with one claw. 
Then ran out and hid in the shadows and began enjoying her 
snack. 


On Sunday, Klein didn’t wake up until the afternoon, because he 
had spent the night on duty at Chanis Gate. Klein took the 
trackless public carriage and arrived at Evil Dragon Bar. 


He had previously planned to use divination to find Monster 
Ademisaul and determine the reason for his recent oddity. 
However, he was interrupted by the loss of control of a Mandated 
Punisher and could only reschedule it to today. 


He went through the billiard room and entered the underground 
market. Klein didn’t need to search for he immediately saw 
Ademisaul shivering in a corner. 


When the pale-looking young man with black, messy, oily hair 
sensed Klein’s approach, he suddenly covered his eyes and 
leaned against the wall in an attempt to move towards the side 
door. 


Klein quickened his pace and blocked Ademisaul from leaving. 
He tapped the left molars twice secretly. 


In his Spirit Vision, Ademisaul’s aura appeared rather unhealthy. 
All the colors seemed dim. In other words, although he didn’t 
have any major diseases, his body was very weak. 


At the same time, Klein realized that vibrant fear and anxiety 
were revealed in the monster’s emotions. He had lost almost all 
of the blue that represented rational thinking. 


The surface of his Astral Projection extended from the depths of 
his Ether Body. The color was a unified, transparent, and 
colorless, just like pure light. Is this the uniqueness of a 
naturally-born “Monster”? Klein nodded indiscernibly as he 
stared at Ademisaul’s face and said, “What did you see recently? 
What did you come across? Why are you hiding in a corner and 
quivering while saying that there are all corpses and that 
everyone is dead?” 


Ademisaul lowered his head and looked towards his toes. It 


seemed like he didn’t dare to look directly at the person before 
him. 


He was shivering almost violently in his grayish-blue trousers 
and ragged linen shirt. He replied in a fluster, “No, I didn’t see 
anything. N-no, I only had a dream. There’s blood everywhere in 
the dream and corpses scattered everywhere. Haha! Boohoo! I 
was among the corpses! I was there! ’m gonna die, ['m gonna 
die! I don’t want to die, I don’t want to die!” 


He laughed and he cried. His reply confused Klein. 


Klein massaged his temples and lowered his voice to ask again, 
“Why are you afraid of me?” 


Ademisaul was taken aback for a few seconds when he suddenly 
squatted down. He yelled in extreme fear, “No! 


“No!” 


Everyone looked over and Klein suddenly felt awkward. 


I didn’t do anything to you... Why are you screaming as though 
something happened! He laughed dryly. He saw that Ademisaul 
had curled up in a trembling fetal position. Besides begging for 
mercy, he didn’t say anything else. Klein had no choice but to 
distance himself and pretend that he was just passing by. 


Hmm, maybe I should ask Mr. Azik for advice. But he just went on 
vacation to the northern part of the Feysac Empire last week, and 


he’ll only return next Thursday or Friday. Before that, I have to 
first report to Captain... Klein covered his mouth as he yawned. 
He turned and left the underground market. 


After he got his salary that week, his private stash returned to 
eight pounds ten soli. However, truly rare Beyonder ingredients 
were so expensive that he could only window shop. Of course, if 
he wasn’t afraid of the high interest, he could get a short-term 
loan from Swain. 


When he exited Evil Dragon Bar and waited for the public 
carriage, Klein considered the future developments. 


In another week, the twelve pounds from my advance salary at the 
beginning will be cleared. The money that I bring home will finally 
reach three pounds a week. Melissa will have no excuse about 
delaying the hiring of a maidservant... The other three pounds will 
remain a secret, and Ill save up more money for muself... 


And I have to quickly get the Telepathist formula or related clues 
from Daxter Guderian. I can use the excuse of giving an underling 
funds to exchange it for cash from Miss Justice... This could be 
done through an anonymous bank transfer. During the process, 
I'll cause interference via divination. That will be very safe and it 
won't reveal my identity... 


After getting on a public carriage, Klein didn’t head to the 
Blackthorn Security Company directly but planned on heading to 
the Divination Club for two hours. 


It was part of the work needed to foreshadow his digestion of the 
potion. 


Plus, Klein was now considered famous in the divination 
industry. There were returning customers from the past and 
there were also referrals. On average, he would have more than 
ten divinations in an afternoon. 


Hence, even though he only went twice a week, he could still 
make a profit of half a pound. To the impoverished Mr. Fool, it 
was better than nothing. 


Sigh, it’s a pity that I made it sound too good at the beginning and 
fostered too perfect of an image. I can’t just change my divination 
fees as I wish... While sitting in the meeting room at the 
Divination Club, Klein thought to himself helplessly as he drank 
his Sibe black tea. 


With his present fame, people would still seek his services even 
if he charged four soli. 


However, as a Seer that respected fate, he could only continue to 
charge eight pence. 


Although Klein had fully digested the potion, he wasn’t willing to 
take the risk of going against the Seer principles that he 
previously summarized. That included not obtaining excessive 
benefits from divination. After all, he didn’t know if it would 
lead to losing control or other negative effects. 


The confidential information the Nighthawks had didn’t include 
the concept of “digesting.” Thus, Klein couldn’t determine if there 
was still risks after fully digesting the potion, or if he could do 
anything that was against the principle. 


Just as he was thinking about these things, the beautiful 
attendant named Angelica came in and walked over to him. She 
leaned down and softly said, “Mr. Moretti, someone wishes for 


your divination. Red Agate room.” 


“Alright.” Klein had checked if it was a suitable day to visit the 
Divination Club before he came, and he had obtained a definite 
answer from his divination. 


He took his silk top hat, exited the meeting room, and saw his 
customer that was waiting at the door of the Red Agate Room. 


The customer was a maiden around sixteen years old. She was 
wearing a light blue ruffled dress and holding a gauze hat of the 
same color. She had brown curly hair, a cute face with baby fat, 
and a pair of beautiful light blue eyes. 


“Elizabeth?” Klein recognized his sister’s good friend, Elizabeth, 
who studied at the Ivos Public School. 


He had once helped pick an amulet for her and also resolved 
Selena’s magic mirror divination incident with her assistance. 


Similarly, Elizabeth said in pleasant surprise, “Mr. Moretti, it’s 
really you? I was wondering if it was you when I saw the name.” 


“I am a mysticism enthusiast after all,” Klein explained 
helplessly. Then he added, “Don’t tell Melissa. Oh, Selena as 
well.” 


The divination result showed that it was suitable for me to visit 
the Divination Club! Why did I run into Elizabeth? He shook his 
head as he turned around to open the door to the Red Agate 
room. 


At the same time, he clicked his left molar twice. 


They entered the room slowly. After he took the seat of the 
diviner, he lifted his head to look towards Elizabeth. 


With just one glance, his creased his eyebrows. 


There was a faint layer of gloomy green in the maiden’s energy 
field! 


A symptom of being haunted by spirits and wraiths... Klein made 
a calm judgment and asked directly, “Have you had nightmares 
recently, ones with repetitive elements?” 


Elizabeth, who had just locked the door and had yet to take a 
seat, was dumbstruck. It took her a long time to reply, “Yes... 
That’s why I came here to look for you.” 


Klein leaned back and asked, “What kind of dream did you have? 
When did it start?” 


“It began from the last two days of my vacation to Lamud Town. 
Oh, our family has an estate there.” Elizabeth was considered 
half a mysticism enthusiast, so she had better memories of such 
situations. “In my dream, I always run into a knight in full black 
armor. He carries a huge broadsword and his face is fully 
covered by a helmet, so all I could see is a pair of glowing red 
eyes. In the dream, he keeps attempting to get closer to me. 
Afraid, I run away, but the distance shortens each and every 
time...” 


Klein thought and asked, “Two or three days before you had such 
a dream, did you get in touch with any antiques, ancient ruins, 


burial objects, or a mausoleum?” 


Elizabeth recalled and answered, “I-I visited a mountain near 
Lamud Town. There was an abandoned ancient castle.” 


That’s a standard opening of a paranormal novel... Klein 
lampooned silently as he pressed on, “Did you leave anything 
behind in the castle? Or did you take anything from the castle?” 


Elizabeth creased her beautiful eyebrows and answered 
moments later in uncertainty, “I got cut by brambles and bled... 
Does leaving blood behind count?” 


Klein nodded with a mask of solemnity and answered in a deep 
voice, “Yes.” 


Chapter 132: Expensive Charms 


Elizabeth immediately turned nervous after hearing Klein’s 
reply. Subconsciously, she began to speak faster. 


“Can you help me divine the specific reason? It will be even 
better if you can divine a way to solve this...” 


Divination can only give us a general direction of how to solve the 
problem, and furthermore, it will be unclear and filled with 
symbolism, making it difficult to decipher the hints correctly... Of 
course, you’re very lucky, I’m not an ordinary Seer, I’m a true 
mysticism scholar! Klein lampooned the girl’s question before 
saying solemnly, “Since this matter has to do with dreams, I 
would suggest a similar divination method.” 


“Alright, alright.” Elizabeth nodded her head like a hungry 
woodpecker. 


Klein maintained his professional attitude. “I will need you to 
sleep here and allow that dream to present itself. Is that a 
problem?” 


“There’s no problem, I trust you,” Elizabeth answered without 
hesitation while pursing her lips. 


But she quickly added with a stammer, “B-but, I cannot 
guarantee that I would... 1 would have that dream.” 


“It’s just an attempt,” Klein consoled her with a gentle smile. 


He then pointed at the long sofa on the side of the Red Agate 
room. “Please.” 


“No, no need for that, I'll sleep here.” Elizabeth shook her head 
gently. She crossed her arms and said, “I sleep like this at school 
after classes whenever I feel tired.” 


She used her arms as a pillow and leaned forward onto the edge 
of the table. 


“Alright, you can pretend that I’m not here.” Klein smiled as he 
observed the colors of her aura and emotions. He used them to 
deduce if the girl had fallen asleep or not. 


“Okay.” Elizabeth closed her eyes and buried her face into her 
arms, trying hard to ease her breathing. 


Klein didn’t speak as he leaned back into his chair. The room 
suddenly became unusually quiet. 


It was a peaceful silence, a silence that could make one forget 
their troubles. 


Sometime later, Klein took out a semicircular piece of silver from 
his pocket after he confirmed that Elizabeth had fallen asleep. 
The piece of silver was filled with indecipherable Hermes 
phrases as well as symbolic imagery and numbers. 


It was a Dream Charm that Klein had succeeded in making the 
previous morning! 


He had also finished making two Slumber Charms and two 


Requiem Charms. The former were made with rectangular pieces 
of silver while the latter were made with triangular pieces. This 
was to help him differentiate between them solely by touch 
during an intense battle. 


“Crimson!” Klein softly recited the phrase in ancient Hermes. 


This was the activation incantation that he had set. Since there 
was still the step of injecting spirituality into the charm, there 
was no need for his incantation to be different from the rest. All 
it needed was to be short and easy to remember. 


The mysterious incantation reverberated around the room. Klein 
felt the Dream Charm become light in his hand, as if it had 
temporarily lost its weight. 


Klein immediately placed the charm on the table in front of him 
after he injected it with his spirituality. 


A transparent flame leapt up silently, enveloping the charm and 
became a deep, serene black. 


The black flames spread quickly, enveloping Elizabeth and Klein. 


Klein seized the opportunity to enter his state of Cogitation. He 
used his spirituality to look at the illusory spherical light in front 
of him. 


The spherical light was surrounded by a boundless darkness, 
making it seem exceptionally lonely. 


Klein didn’t dare delay any further as he emitted his spirituality, 


allowing it to touch the illusory ball of light. 


Silently, the scene around him started to coruscate and warp, 
but it quickly settled into a yellowish-brown plain. The plain was 
littered with the corpses of horses and humans. Fresh blood and 
weapons could be seen everywhere. 


Elizabeth was wearing a regal gown with engageantes and a 
fishnet hat. She was looking around, lost. 


She quickly saw Klein’s figure and revealed a look of surprise and 
joy. 


“Mr. Moretti, we meet again! I had suspected that the Klein 
Moretti on the name register was you when Selena and I came to 
get a divination. I came again multiple times, but always missed 
you as I had to attend lessons during the day... 


“When I was free during the summer break, I was dragged to a 
holiday at Lamud Town by my parents... 


“you can help me right?” 
Klein froze for a moment when he heard the girl’s talkativeness. 


To think that Elizabeth had suspected that I was working part- 
time at the Divination Club and tried to find me on multiple 
occasions... 


Yet, she didn’t appear abnormal at all! 


Hmm, her surprise was authentic, masking her true thoughts... 


Indeed, everyone’s dream shows their most honest side, other than 
me, Mr. Fool. 


As he was indulging in his thoughts, Elizabeth’s dream changed. 
A tall knight, about 1.9 meters in height, was walking toward 
them, dragging a broadsword which was scraped the ground. 


This knight was dressed in black armor. The metallic sounds of 
metal colliding could be heard with his every step. Two blobs of 
red light akin to flames peeked out from the slit of his faceplate; 
they were staring at Klein and Elizabeth intently. 


The will of a wraith... Still not at the stage of an evil spirit. Klein, 
who was in his spirituality state, didn’t need to activate his Spirit 
Vision. 


According to the classifications based on the Nighthawks’ 
confidential information, the feelings of vengeance and injustice 
left behind by spirits were the weakest and easiest kinds of souls 
to deal with. Following those were shadows and wraiths. Evil 
spirits were the most difficult soul-like creatures to deal with. 
The most horrifying of evil spirits were said to be as strong as 
High-Sequence Beyonders. 


With this in mind, Klein took a step forward, blocking Elizabeth 
behind him. He then stomped down with his foot and shattered 
the dream. 


Multiple specks of light scattered like fireflies. Klein’s spirituality 
returned to his body, allowing his eyes to once again adapt to the 
darkness of the Red Agate room. He saw the tools needed for 
divination placed around the table, as well as the Dream Charm 
that had almost finished burning. 


Klein felt the pinch when he saw this. Charms in the Evernight 
Goddess’s domain were all made using pure silver, so it pained 
his heart. 


Using these charms is akin to burning money! Even if I don’t 
account for my labor costs, the materials alone already averaged 
to about six to eight soli per charm! 


Well, he felt a little more at peace when he thought of the 
Beyonders from the Church of the Eternal Blazing Sun. After all, 
they burned gold—the corresponding metal for the Sun was gold. 


Elizabeth groaned softly and slowly woke up _ before 
straightening her posture. 


She glanced furtively at Klein and asked, “Mr. Moretti, were 
there any results from your divination?” 


“yes.” Klein nodded seriously. “Your nightmares should 
disappear in no more than a week.” 


I will report this to the Captain and get him to send someone to 
deal with it at Lamud Town... Klein added in his heart. 


“Really? That’s great! Thank you Mr. Moretti!” Elizabeth became 
excited. She then suddenly creased her brows. 


“What’s the matter?” Klein asked in concern. 


“Nothing. I just remembered that I have to go home now.” She 
slowly took out a single soli bill that she had prepared and 
placed it on the table. She then grabbed her hat and bade 


goodbye to Klein a little hesitantly. 


After leaving the Red Agate room, Elizabeth walked toward the 
stairs outside the door. She flailed her arms after she confirmed 
that no one was watching and groaned softly, “Pins and needles! 
How numbing...” 


In the Blackthorn Security Company, Dunn rubbed his forehead 
as he looked at Klein. 


“Did you suddenly return because you came across another 
supernatural incident?” 


Hey, Captain, what’s with that tone of disparagement... Klein 
cleared his throat and answered without hesitation, “Yes.” 


“What’s the matter this time?” Dunn Smith rubbed his forehead 
again. 


Klein organized his words and replied, “Two things. For the first 
incident, I discovered ‘Monster’ Ademisaul hunched in a corner, 
shivering in fear when I was buying materials for my charms at 
the underground market.” 


When he said that, he hinted heavily that he needed a 
reimbursement for the materials. 


Klein couldn’t mention the fees for the detective he employed to 
find Daxter Guderian, for it involved the red chimney. He deeply 
regretted not employing separate detectives. 


Dunn seemed to fail to read between the lines as he nodded 
slightly. 


“What happened to Ademisaul?” 


Klein exhaled silently and described in detail, “Ademisaul had a 
dream. He dreamed that there were corpses and_ blood 
everywhere. One of the corpses was his, and thus he became 
very frightened.” 


Dunn thought for a moment before asking slowly, “As a Seer, 
what do you think it symbolizes?” 


“A disaster. A disaster that spans a wide area. But I have no 
information other than this. Furthermore, not everything in 
Ademisaul’s dream might have a symbolic meaning,” Klein said 
while deliberating his words. 


“I will report this to the Holy Cathedral and see what they have 
to say.” Dunn shook his head and said in a self-deprecating 
manner, “This isn’t something I have expertise in.” 


Klein didn’t have any other ideas either. He changed the subject 
and spoke about the wraith harassment Elizabeth faced. 


“Lamud Town... Is that lady a believer of the Goddess?” Dunn 
asked. 


“Yes.” Klein gave an affirmative answer. 


“Then there should be no problems. Let’s head over to Lamud 
Town now and try to get dinner there. Oh, and bring Frye along. 


His abilities should prove useful if the incident involves corpses 
and ghosts.” Dunn massaged his temples and tried his hardest to 
contemplate whether he had forgotten anything. 


If Elizabeth wasn’t a believer of the Evernight Goddess, then they 
would have to hand her over to the Mandated Punishers or the 
Machinery Hivemind according to her faith. If her faith didn’t lie 
in any of the three major Churches, then she would be handed 
over to the Machinery Hivemind who were responsible for the 
outskirts. 


Klein didn’t speak. He waited silently for a while before finally 
hearing Dunn add, “Also, we have three men on the mission. We 
can request to use Sealed Artifact 3-0782.” 


“3-0782?” After a minute, Klein recalled that the Sealed Artifact 
was called the Mutated Sun Sacred Emblem. 


This Sacred Emblem’s Beyonder influence seemed to be able to 
last a long time. It had the ability to constantly purify any 
corpses and spirits in a fifteen-meter radius. However, it had the 
drawback of purifying the soul of a commoner at the same time. 
Research data indicated that if a normal human were to stand 
within its radius for an hour, they would become an idiot that 
only knew how to praise the Sun. The limit for Beyonders was 
six hours. 


As for ghosts and corpses, they would scatter in less than a 
minute. 


Hmm, to think that the Captain would remember the codename 
for this Sealed Artifact... Damn, I feel that my memory is worse 
than his... Klein suddenly froze, nearly wanting to hang himself. 


Dunn Smith leaned back and looked at Klein with his deep gray 


eyes. 


“You went to the Divination Club again today? Did you feel any 
changes over the past two days?” 


Chapter 124: It’s Been More Than A Minute 


Captain, that’s the exact question I wanted you to ask! Klein 
nodded seriously. 


“I feel even better. I even believe that I can pass the Holy 
Cathedral’s examination right now. It’s a kind of feeling and 
confidence that can’t be described with words.” 


Realizing that his answer could be a little vague, he couldn’t help 
but add, “Perhaps the name of a potion is really crucial. When I 
strictly followed the Seer principles that I derived and acted as a 
fortune-teller, everything became perfect and easy. Yes, I can 
now activate my Spirit Vision with an even more inconspicuous 
manner.” 


Dunn creased his eyebrows slightly as the light in his eyes 
converged, he muttered seemingly deep in thought,”The name of 
the potion...” 


After about ten seconds, he looked at Klein again. 


“Do you need to return and inform your family? Sunday is the 
second day after your duty at Chanis Gate. You’re supposed to get 
some rest.” 


Taking into consideration the fact that Elizabeth was a good 
friend of his sister, and that he had promised that the problem 
would be solved within a week, Klein answered without 
hesitation, “We don’t have to waste time. After we set off, just get 
the carriage to take a turn by Daffodil Street.” 


“Alright. Get Frye while I fill out the application form to get 
Sealed Artifact 3-0782 out.” Dunn pointed at the break room 
diagonally opposite. 


Frye was a Corpse Collector, so he didn’t possess the abundant 
energy of a Sleepless. If he was free, he would take a nap. 


Filling in the application form yourself, approving it yourself, and 
collecting it yourself... Captain, our management system is quite 
flawed... Klein lampooned silently before he retrieved his hat and 
exited Dunn’s office to knock on the door diagonally opposite. 


After Klein knocked thrice, Frye opened the door and looked at 
Klein with undisguised puzzlement. 


“What’s the matter?” 


As he was taking a nap, his hair was messy and his shirt was 
untidy. His cold and gloomy temperament faded quite a bit. 


However, he still looks like a dead person that climbed out of his 
coffin... Klein hid his smile and answered seriously, 


“There’s a case that involves wraiths. The Captain wishes for 
your assistance.” 


“Okay.” Frye lifted his hand subconsciously to smooth out his 
messy hair, returning him to the cold person that kept the living 
at bay. 


After he dressed up, the two of them waited by the sofa in the 
reception hall. The surroundings warmed up after another seven 


or eight minutes, as though the area was being exposed to 
sunlight. 


Immediately following that, they saw Dunn Smith walk through 
the partition while he held in his hand an ancient badge about 
half the size of a palm. 


The badge had a dark gold luster and was engraved with the 
symbolic signs of the Sun and lines that extended to the edge. It 
was the Sealed Artifact 3-0782 from the Intis Republic, originally 
named the “Mutated Sun Sacred Emblem.” 


The Intis Republic was the country that Roselle transformed 
from an empire into a republic before turning it back into an 
empire. Now, it had established itself as a stable republic and 
was located on the west coast of the Northern Continent. Its 
border with the Loen Kingdom included landmarks like 
Midseashires, the Hornacis mountain range, and so on. 


Since the establishment of Intis as a nation, the Church of the 
Eternal Blazing Sun had repressed the Church of the God of 
Craftsmanship which later became known as the Church of the 
God of Steam and Machinery. With it being the main religion of 
the country, the country could also be referred to as the Kingdom 
of the Sun. 


“Let’s set off. Frye, you'll drive. Cesare can’t withstand the 
purification of the Sacred Emblem for too long,” Dunn reminded 
them calmly. 


Cesare Francis was a clerk who was in charge of purchasing and 
collecting supplies. He was also their driver, but he was just an 
ordinary person. He couldn’t stay more than an hour within a 
fifteen-meter range of Sealed Artifact 3-0782. The journey from 
Zouteland Street to Lamud Town, according to Klein’s 
understanding, would require at least two and a half hours. That 


didn’t include the time to detour to Daffodil Street. 


“Alright.” Frye didn’t object but checked if he had his personal 
items with him. 


When the rays of the setting sun dyed the pinnacle of the town’s 
cathedral, the Nighthawks’ carriage finally arrived at Lamud 
Town. 


The town was located at the northwest edge of Tingen. Many 
buildings still had the unique characteristics of the era before 
the Age of Steam. There were nearly zero factories and the 
nearby villages engaged in commercial trading. 


After they stopped the carriage, Dunn looked at the hair salon 
opposite and said, 


“I asked one of the locals earlier. It only requires a fifteen- 
minute walk from here to the castle ruins on the mountain. It’s 
said that it belonged to a feudal lord who ruled during the Fourth 
Epoch. However, no one knows what happened after that. Of 
course, their description is merely a local myth.” 


“Yes, let’s go over now and deal with that wraith before the sky 
turns dark. Then, we can take turns to watch over 3-0782 and 
keep it away from commoners?” 


From the moment Dunn retrieved the Mutated Sun Sacred 
Emblem, three hours had already passed. It was getting closer 
and closer to a Beyonder’s limits. In no time, they would have to 
part ways and give each other time to recover. 


“Okay.” Frye gave a succinct reply. 


“I have no problem about that.” Klein touched the Slumber 
Charms and Requiem Charms in his pocket. 


The three Nighthawks in thin black trench coats walked through 
the street in the town and headed toward the mountain when 
they reached a fork in the road. Along the way, the road was 
overgrown with weeds and clustered with shrubs, but it was still 
spacious enough to let two carriages pass side-by-side. 


It wasn’t long until they saw a collapsed outer wall of an ancient 
castle. On the outer wall that was still standing, there were 
green plants crawling all over it while the exposed part was 
mottled. 


When he started to get close, Klein could feel a piercing chill as 
goosebumps formed all over his arms. 


“There really is a wraith,” Frye said monotonously as he looked 
at the ancient castle. 


Dunn looked sideways to steal a glance at the newly promoted 
Nighthawk, then he laughed and said, “Don’t worry. We have 
both 3-0782 and Frye; the wraith won’t cause too much of a 
problem.” 


He held his custom-made revolver in one hand and the Mutated 
Sun Sacred Emblem in the other. He took the first step towards 
the ancient castle that looked like a ruin. 


Klein followed closely behind and prepared to pull the trigger at 
any time, swing his cane, or use his charms. 


Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! 


When Dunn was less than five meters away from the ancient 
castle, where a broken horse stable, water well, and other 
fixtures were reflected in Klein’s eyes, a cold breeze howled in a 
way that could only be described as sad and shrill. It seemed to 
be rejecting the uninvited guests. 


The three Nighthawks didn’t stop. The warm and pure feeling 
gradually dispersed the chill and conquered the front of the 
ancient castle. 


They scaled the pile of rocks, passing through the collapsed outer 
wall before slowly entering the castle which had lost its main 
entrance and was filled with broken tiles. 


The hall of the ancient castle was full of collapsed stone pillars 
and was covered with moss. It was spacious, but the windows 
were narrow and placed high on the walls. Hence, the lighting 
was poor. It looked dim and gloomy inside. 


That’s also a trait of buildings from the end of the Fourth Epoch 
and the beginning of the Fifth Epoch... Klein, who was a 
historian, instinctively made a judgment and activated his Spirit 
Vision. 


Just then, an illusory yet piercing roar suddenly burst out. 
Suddenly, from out of nowhere, a thick cloud of black fog filled 
the air, resisting the infiltration of warmth and purity. 


A tall figure suddenly surfaced amidst the black fog. He wore 
full-body, black armor and carried a broadsword that a 
commoner would have found difficult to lift. 


The wraith looked identical to the one Klein saw in Elizabeth’s 
dream. Two flame-like balls of red light shone through the gap 
of his helmet, appearing cold, but they were staring at the three 
Nighthawks angrily. 


“you have disturbed my slumber! You will have to pay with your 
flesh and blood!” He suddenly launched himself forward and 
instantly shortened the distance to Dunn. He suddenly slashed 
downwards with his broadsword. 


Dunn retreated swiftly and lifted his hand to fire his revolver. 


Clang! 


The silver demon hunting bullet didn’t manage to penetrate the 
illusory black armor and only produced a crisp but unrealistic 
sound. 


Klein and Frye retreated to the side simultaneously. One held a 
gun in one hand and aimed at the two balls of fire that took the 
place of the black-armored knight’s eyes before pulling the 
trigger. The other Nighthawk transformed his eyes into a 
tranquil grayish-white and focused on the wraith. 


The black-armored knight roared in anger again. He took 
another huge stride towards Dunn and swung the broadsword 
horizontally. 


Bam! 


The broadsword didn’t hurt Dunn, but it knocked him away, 
causing him to land heavily by the side of the door. It left him 
spewing a mouthful of fresh blood. 


With a loud thud, 3-0782 dropped on the ground. Since it was 
wearing a metal boot, the wraith eagerly kicked with its right leg 
and sent the dangerous badge out the ancient castle’s door. It 
was a distance beyond fifteen meters from it. 


Klein, who hadn’t managed to shoot the wraith successfully, 
became nervous and puzzled when he saw that scene. It was as 
though he was overlooking the transformation before his eyes 
from a calm and rational position. 


Bang! 


He fired another bullet. The silver demon hunting bullet hit the 
wraith’s helmet and produced sparks. But there was no obvious 
damage. 


“Right gauntlet!” Frye shouted. He was always cold and gloomy, 
but now his tone was filled with anxiety. 


No sooner had he finished talking, he lifted his revolver as well 
and aimed at the wraith’s right metal gauntlet. 


Bang! Bang! Klein shot sub-consciously according to Frye’s 
instruction, firing silver demon hunting bullets almost 
simultaneously with him. 


This time, the wraith didn’t block it with his armor but raised 
his broadsword and struck the two bullets away. 


Bam! He took a stride and charged at Klein, colliding with him 
directly. 


As Klein flew out, he saw his chest cave in, saw himself spitting 
blood, but he didn’t feel uncomfortable, not one bit. 


He suddenly snapped out of his daze, fell on the ground, rolled 
about, and screamed. 


Suddenly, the ancient castle, the wraith, the collapsed pillars, 
and the moss floor shattered eerily. Everything returned to black 
fog in the air, just like when the black-armored knight first 
appeared. 


The only difference was that Dunn held both his fists tightly, 
bowed slightly, and his gray eyes were dark and deep. 


As expected, everything was just a dream. Captain pulled the 
wraith, Frye, and I into his dream at the same time. But I’m 
special, and I can remain clear-headed and rational... Klein 
realized that he was still standing two meters away to Dunn’s 
right. He hadn’t vomited any blood or screamed. 


Just then, Dunn stood up straight and looked at the wraith that 
was going to slash with his sword. He calmly said, “It’s been 
more than a minute.” 


The wraith was stunned and let out a shrill cry. Its body started 
producing black steam, as though it had just received its death 
sentence. 


Any zombies or spirits that had yet to turn into evil spirits 
couldn't stay within the fifteen-meter range of the Mutated Sun 
Sacred Emblem for more than a minute! 


Holy shit, Captain, you’re so cool! Klein looked at the scene from 


the side and nearly let out a cheer! 


Dunn had used his dream ability not to attack the wraith on his 
own turf, but merely to drag out the time! 


In the warm and pure feeling, the black steam evaporated 
quickly and the chill dispersed gradually. In no time, the knight 
became transparent and blended into the void. 


Clang! 


A black gauntlet fell to the ground, its surface covered with white 
frost. 


Klein was about to ask for the Captain’s go ahead to pick up the 
“drop,” but when he looked over, his spirituality was suddenly 
disturbed. 


Somewhere near the stairs that separated the hall and the 
dining hall, there was an intense yet illusory misery and 
uncleanliness summoning him! 


Chapter 125: Portrait of a Baron 


“There’s some sort of problem there,” Klein said with a serious 
tone, pointing at the steps separating the living room and dining 
room. 


He once read in the Nighthawks’ confidential records that if 
similar situations appeared in one’s spiritual perception, it 
usually implied that there was something evil and corrupted 
hidden at the target location. It was best not to interact with it if 
one wasn’t confident; otherwise, one might lose their life. 
Sometimes, even a mere glance could result in irreversible 
damage. 


Dunn looked over, and similarly, with his high spiritual 
perception, he immediately sensed something wrong. He turned 
to look at Klein and instructed calmly, “Divine and see if we 
would be successful in our investigation.” 


Captain didn’t get me to divine before we entered the castle. He 
was rather confident... That means that he believes that the 
hidden thing might be more dangerous than the wraith. Klein 
nodded in silence. He holstered his revolver and handed his cane 
to Frye. 


He then released the topaz bracelet within his sleeve, held the 
silver chain with his left hand and silently recited a suitable 
statement. 


Instantly, his eyes darkened as a breeze started spiraling around 
him. 


“The investigation of the hidden place in the ancient castle 


would be successful. 


“The investigation of the hidden place in the ancient castle 
would be successful.” 


After reciting the statement seven times, Klein’s eyes regained 
their normal color. He saw the dangling topaz rotating 
clockwise. 


It wasn’t very obvious, but it was unmistakably rotating 
clockwise! 


That meant that the investigation would be successful. 


Klein, who was already a true Seer, immediately nodded at Dunn 
and Frye. 


“The danger will be manageable by us, or there could be no 
danger at all.” 


Dunn pinned the Mutated Sun Sacred Emblem to the left side of 
his chest, then pressed down on his hat. He briskly walked 
toward the steps and expertly started searching for a 
mechanism. 


Frye, who had picked up the gauntlet, handed Klein’s cane back 
to him. He grabbed his revolver and cautiously scanned the 
surroundings, as if he was afraid that an enemy would suddenly 
appear. 


I’m still not professional enough... as a Nighthawk... Klein geared 
himself up and took out his revolver, and turned alert as well. 


A few minutes later, it was unknown what the kneeling Dunn 
Smith triggered as heavy sputtering sounds emanated from the 
staircase. 


The floor split open, revealing a set of steps heading down. A cold 
and corrupted vibe emanated, seemingly condensing into 
something corporeal. 


Dunn glanced over and removed Sealed Artifact 3-0782 from his 
chest. He tossed it directly into the trap door. 


After a few clanks, it was unknown where the Mutated Sun 
Sacred Emblem stopped. 


If there are dead spirits within, they would definitely toss 3-0782 
back out... That would be interesting... Klein stared at the stairs 
and waited patiently. 


The lingering sinister and corrupted feeling soon dissolved away 
like snow meeting the sun. Warmness and purity blanketed the 
entrance of the trap door. 


“Klein, go down with me. Frye will stay here and prevent other 
enemies from destroying the mechanism.” Dunn made an 
experienced decision. 


“Alright.” Klein didn’t shrink back from the task. He took two 
steps forward and arrived next to Dunn. Frye nodded, not letting 
his guard down. 


Dunn went down first, his footsteps reverberating in the silence. 


He didn’t prepare any sources of light, for a Beyonder that went 
down the Sleepless pathway, the darkness was not an obstacle, 
but a blessing. 


Their vision wasn’t hindered by such an environment. 


After taking a few steps down, Dunn suddenly turned around 
and looked at Klein. “I forgot that you don’t have night vision. ’'m 
not used to preparing objects that provide illumination...” 


“Captain, you don’t need to mind about me. I have my Spirit 
Vision.” Klein realized that he wasn’t shocked at all. 


That cool Captain from before was indeed not normal! 


In his Spirit Vision, the darkness before him was screened by a 
gray film. Even though it was very blurry, it was enough for him 
to make out where the steps were. 


Well, the Captain sure is healthy, and his mental state is fine 
too... Klein carefully extended his feet and made his way down 
slowly. 


The flight of steps wasn’t long. It only took about fifteen steps to 
reach the ground. 


Sealed Artifact 3-0782 was lying there, releasing its purity and 
warmth. It also radiated a faint glow. 


Klein could see much more clearly with the help of the 
illumination. He surveyed the surroundings and noticed that it 
wasn't a huge basement. It was no longer cold and sinister, but 
the dampness remained. 


In the middle of the basement was a black coffin, with dark red 
nails driven into the lid. 


The lid of the coffin had been pushed open slightly, allowing one 
to see a headless corpse that was all bone. 


Dunn looked around, then bent over to pick up the Mutated Sun 
Sacred Emblem. 


“Captain, this coffin... It was intended to prevent the dead within 
from becoming a zombie or a wraith.” 


Klein looked at the dark red nails in the coffin and the formation 
they were in. He used his decent mysticism knowledge to 
determine that this was an ancient ritual to prevent anything 
the corpse from reanimating. 


At the same time, he muttered inwardly. But under normal 
circumstances, who would have nothing better to do than guard 
against their loved one from reanimating? Hmm, the people who 
helped bury the corpse must not be family... And if they placed the 
coffin in the basement instead of a tomb, they must have been 
afraid of someone finding the corpse... 


Dunn, who had worn Sealed Artifact 3-0782 again, approached 
the coffin and inspected it. 


“The deceased was probably poisoned to death.” 


“That means the person who poisoned him must have used 
ritualistic magic to prevent him from reanimating and seeking 
revenge. This should have happened about 1300 years ago? He 
became a wraith in the end... The resentment of this spirit is 
simply shocking!” Klein also walked in front of the coffin. 
“Where is his head? That ritual does not call for the head to be 
Sliced off...” 


Dunn thought for a moment before saying, “I have a deduction. 
This wraith didn’t exist all the time and only appeared recently. 
It's only a fifteen-minute walk from the town to the castle. 
Throughout the years, troublemakers must have frequented this 
place, but before this incident, there were no rumors of there 
being a wraith in this ancient castle.” 


Klein nodded indiscernibly. 


“Captain, what you mean to say is that someone came here 
recently, opened the coffin, and took away the head of the 
deceased?” 


“yes, the ritual prevents the corpse from reanimating, but it also 
seals and preserves its resentment within the coffin. When the 
coffin was opened and the ritual dispelled, this resentment 
quickly evolved into a wraith with the help of its gauntlet...” 


“There’s no corpse of the person who opened the coffin, so he’s 
not an ordinary person... Besides, why did he take away the head 
of the deceased?” 


Dunn stared at the skeleton in the coffin. “For resentment to be 
preserved for such a long time, there should be some reason 
other than the ritual. He could’ve been a Beyonder when he was 
alive, perhaps a descendant one or two generations removed of a 
Mid-Sequence Beyonder. I am talking about the Mid-Sequencers 
as defined in the past, Sequence 5 or 6. 


“And such corpses are always special. His head might be usable 
in some kind of ritual or in some other occasion.” 


Dunn paused before continuing, “What I said just now was all 
conjecture. But we can try to verify some of it. We can split up 
later in town and investigate to see if anyone was injured before 
in their youth. Well, if they are still alive, it would prove that the 
wraith only appeared recently.” 


“A logical train of thought,” Klein praised. He quickly searched 
the basement but didn’t find anything else. 


He tried using ritualistic magic to make a sketch of the “guest” 
that entered the basement, but because it had been more than a 
month since it happened, as well as the disturbed environment 
due to the frequent appearance of the wraith, there wasn’t much 
of a result. 


He then took Frye’s place, allowing the expert on the dead to 
conduct further tests. 


Fifteen minutes later, as the sun was vanishing below the 
horizon, Dunn and Frye followed the steps and returned to the 
hall of the ancient palace. 


Dunn felt for the switch to the trapdoor while Frye gave a short 
description, “The deceased was indeed poisoned to death. The 
traces near the neck appeared recently, at the very most three 
months back.” 


This means that it’s highly probable that someone came here 
before... Klein nodded in thought. 


The three Nighthawks returned to Lamud Town before it got 
dark and asked for two rooms at an inn. The member that got 
the Sealed Artifact 3-0782 was to take this dangerous item for a 
stroll outside the town where no one would be. They would 
change their shifts once every two hours, and thus only needed 
two rooms. 


After a simple dinner, Klein, Dunn, and Frye immediately split 
up and covered all corners of the town, asking the residents who 
had lived in this town for extended periods of time. 


In situations like this, their identification documents as 
policemen proved useful. 


“Officer, why are you asking this? I used to head to the 
abandoned castle to play when I was young... Injured? Definitely, 
how could a child not have fallen while playing? I remember, 
yes—Ive been cut by a sharp rock on the outer walls of the 
ancient castle in the past...” A forty-year-old blond man looked 
puzzledly at Klein, but answered his question honestly. 


This was the fourteenth person Klein had asked, of which two 
vividly remembered being injured in the castle when they were 
young. 


The Captain’s deduction is correct... Klein decided as he put away 
his identification documents. He smiled and said, “Thank you for 
your cooperation, I have no more questions.” 


He was about to leave when the forty-year-old man called after 
him, “Officer, are you interested in the ancient castle? I have an 
oil painting of the first Baron that resided in there. He was the 
grandfather of my grandfather of my grandfather... Well, 


anyway, it was a long time ago. He took away a oil painting from 
the castle and told me that it was the oil painting of the first 
Baron Lamud. 


“Do you want it? It’s a true antique!” 


If it was a true antique, your family would have sold it a long time 
ago... This guy sure is gutsy, daring to fool even the police. Should 
I scare him with my gun? Klein lampooned and adopted the 
attitude of a window shopper and said, “Who knows if it’s a real 
antique or not? I'll trust my own judgment. 


“Take it out and let me see it.” 


The blond man smiled and returned to the room and rummaged 
for it. 


Some time later, he walked out with an oil painting in hand. 


Klein casually looked at the oil painting. He saw that the baron 
had gentle features and bronze skin, his eyes hiding an 
indescribable range of human experience. He was also wearing a 
white curly wig. 


Huh, he looks a lot like Mr. Azik! Klein’s eyes suddenly opened 
wide, his gaze subconsciously falling below the right ear of the 
baron. 


He then looked at the unremarkable mole near the ear. 


The position of the mole was exactly the same as Mr. Azik’s 
mole! 


Chapter 126: The Stumped Klein 


This can’t be right... How could Mr. Azik be the first in the so- 
called line of barons, Baron Lamud? This is a figure who lived 
fourteen or fifteen hundred years ago! No way, how can I be sure 
that the person in the portrait is the first Baron Lamud? Klein 
looked at the oil painting, his mind buzzing in confusion. It was 
like everyone around him had become monsters or a dream 
where the entire world was filled with gods. 


He looked up and stared at the blond middle-aged man. He 
extended his hand to grab his revolver from his underarm 
holster and said in a deep voice, “This is not an antique. If you 
don’t clarify the situation, I will arrest you and charge you with 
fraud!” 


He didn’t care if prosecution fell under the police department. 
His only goal was to threaten the man to get information! 


At the same time, Klein clicked his left molars twice to activate 
his Spirit Vision. Then, he looked at his target’s emotional color 
changes. 


The blond man jumped in fright and said in a panicked, muffled 
voice, “No, I'm not sure if it’s an antique either. No, I heard that 
it’s an antique, but I don’t know much about such things. I really 
have no idea. I don’t even know many words, yea—words.” 


His eyes darted around anxiously, seemingly about to cry for 
help. 


Just then, he saw Klein adjust his revolver’s cylinder and 
hammer. He looked as though he was going to shoot a suspect 


that resisted. 


He suddenly stood straight and stopped looking around. 


“Where did you get the oil painting?” Klein asked heavily. 


The blond man’s lips quivered as he said with a fawning smile, 
“Officer, this is what my grandfather found in the ancient castle, 
more than forty years ago. An outer wall and the room on the 
second floor collapsed, revealing these items, items that people 
couldn't find in the past. One of them was the oil painting. No, 
no, no, not this oil painting. The original oil painting was torn 
and couldn’t be preserved. So, my grandfather found someone to 
make a copy of the painting. Mm, the one you saw just now, I 
didn’t lie to you. An oil painting from forty years ago could really 
be considered as an antique...” 


“Are you sure that this is the portrait of the first Baron Lamud?” 
Klein stroked the trigger and made sure the man’s gaze didn’t 
move an inch. 


The blond man chuckled and said, “Im not sure, but [’m 
guessing so.” 


“Reason?” Klein nearly laughed at the man’s shamelessness. 


“Because there wasn't any labels on the oil painting,” the blond 
man replied seriously for once. “Just like ’m called the Scoundrel 
Gray, my father is called the Curly-Haired Gray, and only my 
grandfather was the real Gray.” 


Klein exhaled silently and asked, “Where’s your grandfather?” 


“In the cemetery, he’s been buried there for almost two decades. 
Next to him is my father who was buried three years back,” the 
blond man answered honestly. 


After Klein asked a few questions from different angles, he 
adjusted the cylinder in front of the blond man and put it back 
into his underarm holster. 


He put away his police identification and turned around in his 
black trench coat before walking towards the motel with his 
hands stuffed into his pockets. He walked quietly along the street 
underneath the dim light that was shining out from the houses 
that lined both sides of the street. 


I can’t confirm if the portrait is that of the first Baron Lamud... I 
wonder if the town has the exact historical records of the ancient 
castle... 


Regardless, the man in the portrait must be a person from the 
past, at least a thousand years ago... 


Besides the hair, he looks almost identical to Mr. Azik. Is this what 
we call reincarnation? 


Back when Mr. Azik gave up his position in other universities in 
Backlund and came to Tingen, perhaps it was driven by instinct... 


Hmm, there’s another possibility. Such as, the man in the portrait 
is Mr. Azik and Mr. Azik is him! 


Having thought of this, Klein felt a jolt. He nearly stumbled on 
the steps ahead. 


He paced back and forth around a damaged gas street lamp and 
tried to incorporate his knowledge from the world of 
information overload. According to his earlier guesses, he made 
a further inference. 


Mr. Azik might have become immortal due to some reasons, such 
as being a vampire. Could that be why he’s survived for so long? 


That’s not right. When has there ever been a bronze-skinned 
vampire... 


Plus, when I shook hands with Mr. Azik, I could clearly feel his 
body temperature and the fresh blood that flows within him. 


Although he dislikes the heat of the South, he isn’t afraid of the 
sun. He once competed in a rowing competition with other 
teachers under the hot sun... 


Hmm, there’s another possibility. Mr. Azik’s Sequence potion or 
some other factors bestowed him with a long life, and the price for 
it is memory loss! Man, taking into consideration his various 
dreams, can I presume that he loses his memory as part of a 
cycle? Every few decades, he forgets his past and gains new life. 
Then, his dreams are the lives that he has lived before... Heh heh, I 
think I’ve read something like that before in a novel... 


I can’t just rely on divination to verify this. I have to look for the 
traces of the lives that Mr. Azik lived, traces of him not having a 
childhood, but starting directly as an adult! 


Klein started leaning towards his latter guess. However, he 
temporarily couldn’t eliminate the possibility of reincarnation. 


He reined in his chaotic thoughts and considered carefully 
whether he should inform Captain Dunn about it. 


If Mr. Azik was a Beyonder that lived for a thousand years, his 
ability would be much stronger than I imagined... 


He advised me out of kindness. However, it would be hard to say if 
he will remain kind when I find clues about his past. 


But Mr. Azik has been nice to me all this time. To involve the 
Nighthawks would result in a non-trivial possibility of harming 
him... 


Sigh. It looks like I must divine this matter in the world above the 
gray fog. This is the most proper choice for a Seer! 


Klein made the decision and returned to the hotel quickly. 


Since Dunn and Frye had yet to return, he seized the opportunity 
to get another room at the cost of one soli. 


After he entered the room, Klein made a spirituality wall with 
the assistance of Holy Night Powder. Then, he took four steps 
counterclockwise, went through the mad ravings, and arrived 
above the gray fog. 


The lofty palace stood tall and silent while the ancient, mottled 
bronze table and twenty-two high chairs remained the same. 


Klein took the seat of honor and made a brown goatskin and 
black fountain pen appear before him. 


He picked up the pen and wrote seriously: “I should tell Dunn 
Smith about Mr. Azik.” 


Then, he took the topaz pendant from his left sleeve and did a 
spirit pendulum divination. 


The spirit pendulum divination resulted in the pendulum 
spinning counterclockwise, which meant that he shouldn’t tell 
him! 


Putting down the topaz pendant, Klein thought about it and 
decided to make an attempt with dream divination, just to be 
sure. 


Thus, he changed his divination statement to: “The result of 
hiding matters related to Mr. Azik from the Nighthawks.” 


Klein held the goatskin, recited the statement seven times 
silently, and leaned backwards to enter a deep sleep. 


He saw himself in the illusory, blurry, and distant world. He saw 
that he was struggling while drowning in a sea of blood. 


Then, there was a hand that extended and pulled him up from 
the blood sea. The owner of the hand was Azik with bronze skin 
anda small mole near his ear. 


The image shattered and reorganized. Klein saw that he was ina 
dark and gloomy mausoleum. The surrounding coffins opened 
one after another. 


Azik stood next to him, looking forward, as though he was 


looking for something. 


Just then, Klein exited the dream in an instant and saw the 
illusory, gray, and boundless fog. 


The symbolic meaning of the earlier dream is that, if I were to hide 
the related matters about Mr. Azik, I would receive his assistance 
when I’m in danger in the future. Heh, the danger might have 
come about because I helped to keep the secret... What does the 
last scene mean? I will discover some mausoleum with Mr. Azik? 
Yes, perhaps the mausoleum has other symbolic meanings... Klein 
clasped his hands together and supported his chin while he 
interpreted the contents of the dream divination. 


Combining it with the earlier result of the pendulum divination, 
he decided to not report his inference to the Captain, but merely 
bring up that a townsfolk had taken out a portrait of the first 
Baron Lamud, and that the portrait looked like a history teacher 
in Khoy University. Klein couldn’t be sure that Dunn wouldn't 
hear about it elsewhere, so he had to at least mention it. 


Of course, Dunn was unfamiliar with Azik and didn’t know of his 
recount and strange dreams, so he would find it difficult to 
connect them. Klein even suspected that the Captain wouldn’t 
quite remember what Azik looked like. 


Then, he stopped thinking further and planned to leave the 
world above the gray fog. Just then, he noticed the crimson star 
that had been silent all this time was twinkling with faint light 
again. 


Klein extended his spirituality with interest and saw the young 
man that spoke Jotun again. He saw him kneeling before a pure 
crystal ball. 


The young man was still wearing the black tights that were 
different from the clothing of countries in the Northern 
Continent. His facial features were blurry and distorted, but 
Klein could faintly see his brownish-yellow hair. 


He knelt there and prayed with an unusual pain in his tone. 


Klein leaned sideways to hear. He relied on his beginner-level 
Jotun and barely understood what the young man was saying. 


“O Magnificent Deity, please cast your eyes on this land that you 
have forsaken. 


“O Magnificent Deity, please allow us, the People of the Dark, be 
freed from the curse of our destiny. 


“Iam willing to dedicate my life to you, using my blood to please 
you.” 


A land that was forsaken... People of the Dark... Magnificent 
Deity... Klein murmured the few key words and suddenly 
thought of a place that The Hanged Man had mentioned once. 


The Forsaken Land of God! 


It appeared in Roselle’s diary too! He even sent out a fleet to search 
for it, but it was fruitless... Klein squinted his eyes and wondered 
if he had guessed correctly. 


He tapped on the edge of the long bronze table with his fingers. 
After three taps, he came to a decision. He extended his right 
hand and touched the illusory crimson star. 


The cloud of crimson immediately exploded, and the light flowed 
in like water. 


Chapter 127: City of Silver 


City of Silver, Mortuary. 


Derrick stood in front of a flight of stairs as he looked straight 
ahead with reddened eyes. In front of him were two coffins 
containing his parents. 


Embedded in a stone plate in front of him was a simple silver 
sword. The frequent booming of thunder caused the house to 
shake and the sword to sway. 


The Berg couple inside the coffins weren’t completely dead yet. 
They struggled to keep their eyes open while making weak 
attempts to heave for air, but in the eyes of some, the luster of 
their lives could no longer suppress their irreversible darkening. 


“Derrick, do it!” An elder dressed in a long black robe looked at 
the youth and said in a deep voice with a staff in his hand. The 
expression of the youth was visibly contorted. 


“No, no, no!” Derrick, who had brownish-yellow hair, shook his 
head repeatedly. He took a step back with every word, and finally 
let out a ear-piercing scream. 


Thump! 


The elder struck down his staff and said, “Do you wish for the 
whole city to be buried along with your parents?” 


“you should know that we are the People of the Dark who have 


been forsaken by God. We, we can only live in a cursed place like 
this and all the dead would become horrifying evil spirits. 
There’s no way to reverse it regardless of what we do, other than 
—other than ending their lives by the hands of a family 
member!” 


“Why? Why?” Derrick asked in despair, shaking his head. “Why 
are the citizens of the City of Silver destined to kill their parents 
the moment they are born...” 


The elder closed his eyes, as if recalling what he had experienced 
in the past. “This is our destiny, this is the curse we must bear, 
this is the will of God...” 


“Draw your sword, Derrick. This is a show of respect for your 
parents. 


“After this, when you have calmed down, you can try becoming a 
Divine Blood Warrior.” 


In the coffin, Berg tried to speak, but he could only let out a 
groan after his chest heaved several times. 


Derrick took several steps forward with great difficulty, 
returning to the side of the silver sword. He extended his 
shivering right hand. 


His brain registered the cold touch of the metal, causing him to 
recall the Blood Ice his father brought back when he went 
hunting. Blood Ice the size of a mere palm was enough to keep 
his home cool for a few days. 


Images flashed past his eyes—his stern father teaching sword 


techniques, his friendly father patting away the dust on his 
back, his gentle mother mending his clothes, his brave mother 
stepping in front of him when they encountered a mutated 
monster, and finally, his family huddling in front of a flickering 
candle and sharing food... 


A faint sound croaked from his throat despite his utmost 
suppression. With a low grunt, he exerted force with his right 
hand and drew the sword. 


Tap! Tap! Tap! 


He lowered his head and charged forward, raising the sword and 
driving it down with force. 


Ah! Blood splattered following a pained scream. The blood 
splattered onto Derrick’s face and into his eyes. 


His vision became red. He pulled out the sword and pierced it 
into the coffin by the side. 


After the sharp metal pierced through flesh, Derrick released his 
grip and wavered as he stood up. 


He didn’t look at the condition of the people inside the coffin. 
Derrick stumbled as he ran out of the Mortuary, as if he was 
being chased by evil spirits. His fists and teeth were clenched 
tight. The blood on his face left streaks across his face. 


The elder who had taken in everything from the side sighed. 


There were stone pillars that lined the main streets of the City of 


Silver. Atop the stone pillars were lanterns, and within the 
lanterns were unlit candles. 


There was no sun in the sky here, no moon, no stars; only an 
unchanging darkness and lightning that threatened to tear apart 
everything. 


The citizens of the City of Silver walked along the dark streets 
with the illumination of the lightning. The few hours when the 
lightning died down was considered by them as the true night as 
mentioned in the legends. That was the time where they had to 
use candles to light up the city, drive away the darkness, and 
make it serve as a warning for the monsters. 


Derrick made his way along the street. He didn’t have anywhere 
he wanted to go, but as he walked, he realized that he had 
reached the door of his house. 


He took out his keys and unlocked the door. He saw the familiar 
sights, but he didn’t hear his mother’s concerned voice or his 
father reprimanding him for running about. The house was 
empty and cold. 


Derrick clenched his teeth again. He walked quickly to his room 
and searched for the crystal ball. His father had told him that 
this was a crystal ball used by a long-destroyed city to worship 
their deity. 


He knelt and faced the crystal ball, praying without any hope in 
mind. He pleaded bitterly, “O Magnificent Deity, please cast your 
eyes on this land that you have forsaken. 


“O Magnificent Deity, please allow us, the People of the Dark, be 
freed from the curse of our destiny. 


“I am willing to dedicate my life to you, using my blood to please 


you. 


Over and over again, just as he was in complete despair and 
about to stand, he saw a dark red glow burst forth from the pure 
crystal ball. 


The glow was like flowing water, instantly swallowing Derrick. 


When he regained his senses, he realized that he was standing 
in a magnificent palace supported by giant stone pillars. In front 
of him was a long ancient table, and on the other side of the 
table was a human figure obscured by a thick fog. 


Other than that, there was nothing around him. It was empty 
and ethereal. Under him was a boundless fog and incorporeal 
dark red specks of light. 


Derrick felt a flame of hope ignite in his heart. He stared at the 
human figure at the very top, confused and puzzled. 


“You, are you God?” 


After asking this, he suddenly remembered a statement he read 
from a book in the City of Silver and quickly lowered his head. 


That statement was: “Do not look directly at God!” 


Klein leaned back as he crossed his hands. He adopted a relaxed 


posture and answered using the language of the giants, Jotun, “I 
am not God, Iam merely The Fool who is interested in the long 
history of this world.” 


Klein had already activated his Spirit Vision by clicking his left 
molars. He noticed that the youth in front of him had different 
colors covering the surface of his Astral Projection and the 
depths of his Ether Body. 


This meant that he was not a Beyonder. 


The Fool... Derrick ruminated over the term and, after a long 
silence, said with difficulty, 


“I don’t care if you’re God or The Fool, my prayers will not 
change. I hope that the people of the City of Silver will be freed 
from the curse of their destinies. I hope that the sun and sky 
described in the books will appear in our skies. If possible—if 
possible, I wish that my parents can be revived.” 


Hey, Iam not a wishing well... Klein put down his hands and 
laughed. 


“Why should I help you?” 


Derrick froze. He thought for some time before saying, 


“I will offer my soul to you. I will use my blood to please you.” 


“I have no interest in the soul and blood of a mortal.” Klein 
smiled and shook his head. He saw the color of the youth’s 
feelings turn into the color of despair bit by bit. 


Without waiting for the youth to speak, Klein nonchalantly said, 
“But I can give you a chance.” 


“Iam a Fool that likes a fair and equal exchange. You can use 
what you can attain to exchange with me, or people like you, to 
exchange for things you want. But remember, they must be 
equal in value...” 


“This can make you powerful. Perhaps one day, you can rely on 
your own strength to free the City of Silver from its curse and 
make the sun appear in your sky once again.” 


Based on the youth’s description, Klein was confident that the 
City of Silver was the so-called Forsaken Land of God. 


Of course, he couldn’t be certain of this for the time being. After 
all, the religious literature claimed that the world existed in a 
“sunless” state during the First Epoch, the Chaos Epoch. No one 
knew if there were any other strange lands that the countries of 
the Northern Continent were unaware of, other than the 
Forsaken Land of God. 


Derrick listened quietly. He lowered his head in silence and 
replied after a while, “I want to become the Sun. I wish to obtain 
the formula of the corresponding starting Sequence potion from 
you.” 


Sequence, potion, the Sun... The Sequence pathway that the 
Church of the Eternal Blazing Sun possesses... From the looks of it, 
we exist in the same world... 


The term “Sequence” was born from the revelation of the first 
Blasphemy Slate, which happened at the end of the Second Epoch, 
the Dark Epoch... In other words, if the City of Silver is really the 
Forsaken Land of God, this means that it was split apart from the 


Southern and Northern Continents at the end of the Second Epoch. 


Could this be related to the cataclysm of the Third Epoch? 
According to the legends, the Evernight Goddess, Earth Mother, 
and the God of Combat descended upon this world and protected 
humans from the cataclysm along with the Lord of Storms, 
Eternal Blazing Sun, and the God of Knowledge and Wisdom... 
Klein obtained a fair bit of information from the youth. 


But he had trouble interpreting what the youth was saying, and 
even more trouble organizing his words, as he wasn’t fluent in 
Jotun. 


Luckily, ancient Feysac was derived directly from Jotun. Klein 
could be described as an expert in that area, and thus, he could 
master Jotun relatively quickly, preventing him from making a 
fool of himself. 


Klein maintained his posture. He replied with a calm tone, “We 
can discuss this transaction in the future. Do not go out for the 
next two days. Try your best to not be in the same room as 
anyone else.” 


He didn’t know the unit of time used in the City of Silver, much 
less the time difference it had with the Loen Kingdom. All he 
could do was generalize it as tomorrow and wait until the Tarot 
Gathering was over before he told him that was the time for 
future meetings... 


Klein knew that there was a term for “day” in the Jotun, and 
thus deduced that the youth would understand even if the City of 
Silver didn’t use it as a measure of time. 


“Alright, Pll follow your instructions,” Derrick replied with his 
head lowered. He didn’t have any objections. 


Klein heaved a sigh of relief. He tapped his fingers on the side of 
the table and said, “Before I send you back, let me first complete 
our equal exchange. I gave you a chance to be strong, and you 
have to give me something equal in return.” 


“I have said that I am The Fool who is interested in the long 
history of this world. What I ask in return is the history of the 
City of Silver, everything that you know.” 


Derrick thought for a moment before replying softly, “I will 
describe it faithfully.” 


“The City of Silver has existed ever since the omnipotent and 
omniscient God, the Lord that created everything forsook this 
land. No, it existed before that, but it was called the Kingdom of 
Silver.” 


Chapter 128: Giant Pathway 


The omnipotent and omniscient God... The Lord that created 
everything... Klein leaned back and maintained a profound 
posture while he ruminated over the words that the youth from 
the City of Silver had said. 


He was no stranger to a “Lord that created everything.” The 
Creator mentioned in The Book of Storms, The Revelation of 
Evernight, and other urban myths referred to the Creator with 
similar titles. It was also the way various secret organizations 
like the Aurora Order described the True Creator. 


But this was the first time Klein was hearing of an “omnipotent 
and omniscient God” in this world. Be it the Evernight Goddess, 
Lord of Storms, and the God of Steam and Machinery, none of 
them claimed to be omniscient or omnipotent. 


If the City of Silver was really in the Forsaken Land of God, then 
the Forsaken Land of God would truly belong to this world. The 
“omnipotent and omniscient God” might be the title of the Creator 
that was used by the living in ancient times... Klein looked 
towards the young man opposite him in thought. He looked at 
the emotional colors of pain and sorrow. 


When Derrick felt The Fools gaze, he lowered his head 
involuntarily. 


He recalled the legends that his parents had told him. He said 
slowly and sadly, “When the sun disappeared from the sky, 
when the clouds were ripped and torn apart, when lightning and 
thunder became our rulers, and the monsters lurking in the 
dark suddenly emerged, ones so terrifying beyond one’s 
imagination, they destroyed one city after another in the 


Kingdom of Silver. Humanity’s Dark Ages had arrived. 


“The remaining experts in the City of Silver then relied on their 
united power and two magical items before they finally warded 
off the attack of the Things of the Dark. They gradually 
eradicated the monsters within a one day journey of the city, 
and they established a city-state that protected the last light of 
human civilization.” 


A standard textbook description... Klein couldn’t help but 
comment in his head. 


The young man’s description made him feel that the City of 
Silver was in a different world than the Northern Continent. 


Maybe this is the unique characteristic of the Forsaken Land of 
God? He thought, without revealing his emotions. 


Derrick calmed his breathing and continued, “During the first 
few decades, plants couldn’t grow. The City of Silver had a severe 
lack of food, and we could only hunt dark creatures or mutated 
animals to relieve our hunger. The population dropped 
drastically. Fortunately, we found Black-Faced Grass. It could 
survive under such circumstances, and it became our only 
reliable and stable food source. 


“It was said to be the final intervention that the magnificent God 
left for us. It allowed one generation after another to live on in 
the City of Silver. It persisted in the Dark Ages for 2582 years. 


“The passage of time was recorded by a long line of Chiefs. For 
the rest of the people in the City of Silver, we call periods of 
frequent lightning ‘day,’ and when the lightning subsides, we 
call it ‘night. It’s a rather confusing system, and it makes exact 
dates difficult to pinpoint.” 


Such a magical place... Klein was glad that he hadn’t talked about 
“tomorrow,” but instead vaguely mentioned the following two 
days. 


Derrick briefly talked about the few memorable incidents in the 
City of Silver’s history and said, “When the population returned 
to a certain level, the number of Beyonders increased. The six- 
member council started forming elite troops to explore the dark. 
We have now explored all of the original territory and nearby 
cities. We are advancing towards the darker and more terrifying 
depths of the dark. At the border, we found cities with strange 
architectural style, but they were destroyed at some point. We 
suspect that they were sanctuaries built by other remaining 
humans. Unfortunately, they still lost to the Things of the Dark 
in the end.” 


The Things of the Dark that he mentions should be a reference to 
monsters that hide in the dark, ones that are beyond imagination. 
Klein nodded indiscernibly. 


“The Kingdom of Silver was once ruled by the Giant King. 
Hence, the Beyonder chain that we are in control of is the Giant 
pathway, also known as the Divine Blood Warrior Sequence 
pathway... When we killed certain monsters and explored those 
destroyed cities, we obtained potion formulas of other 
Sequences. However, the Sequence pathways are incomplete,” 
Derrick said, moving on to explain the current situation in the 
City of Silver. 


Upon hearing that, Klein’s mind jolted. Although he didn’t 
change his posture much, he was obviously paying more 
attention. 


I love knowing more about Sequence potions! The Giant King... The 
city of Silver and the Northern Continent share the same history? 
The Second Epoch’s history... Hmm, killing a monster causes it to 
drop a formula? Is this a game? No, there’s another possibility. 


Those monsters were once human, Beyonders... Klein suddenly 
felt a heavy weight on his shoulders. 


Derrick saw that the Fool didn’t reply. He clenched his teeth, 
pondered, and said, “The names of the Giant Sequence pathway 
are Sequence 9 the Beyonder Warrior, Sequence 8 Gladiator, 
Sequence 7 Weapons Master, Sequence 6 Dawn Paladin, Sequence 
5 Guardian, and Sequence 4 Demon Hunter. Only the elders in 
the six-member council know the names of the higher 
Sequences.” 


Sequence 4 Demon Hunter... This is the name of a High-Sequence 
potion formula? This is the first time I’ve heard something like 
this! Klein felt delighted at the fact that he finally learned one of 
the names of the higher Sequences. However, he suspected that 
it was a name from ancient times, which would be different 
from the current version in the Northern Continent, just like the 
Storm Priest and the Seafarer. 


Oh, Beyonder Warrior, Gladiator, Weapons Master... Sounds 
familiar... Oh right, the Sequence pathway that the Church of the 
God of Combat has in control is very similar to this! Sequence 9 
Warrior, Sequence 8 Pugilist, Sequence 7 Weapons Master! Due to 
the limits of his security clearance, Klein only knew the titles of 
the first three sequences that the Church of the God of Combat 
had in control, but the similarity between the two pathways was 
still obvious. 


Based on the core meaning, they are basically identical. The 
complete Sequence that the Church of the God of Combat mastered 
is the so-called Giant Sequence pathway... It is said that there was 
a God that emerged in the Third Epoch, which was the Cataclysm 
Epoch, to inherit the estate of the Giant King? Or could it be that 
He Himself was an ancient Giant? Klein analyzed and judged 
while he maintained his calm appearance. 


Derrick continued to explain. 


“After we pulled through the initial hardships, the City of Silver 
has been ruled by a six-member council ever since. The elder 
that enjoys the highest position in the council is called the Chief. 
The other five are equal in rank... The current six-member 
council is formed by three Demon Hunters, two Guardians with 
the greatest potential, and a Shepherd.” 


The City of Silver has three High-Sequence Beyonders! Demigod- 
like experts! These three alone could destroy the Tarot Club a 
hundred times over... Klein felt a little afraid. He had yet to 
attempt recruiting someone under the nose of a High-Sequence 
Beyonder. 


However, since the young man was just a mere commoner, with 
him not even at Sequence 9, it was unlikely that he would gain 
the attention of the upper echelons for a long time. Thus, Klein 
relaxed again. 


Is Shepherd from another Sequence pathway, perhaps from one of 
the incomplete pathways? Sounds reminiscent of the style of the 
Aurora Order. The member from the Aurora Order that wrote a 
letter to Mr. Z, what was his name again? He kept mentioning the 
“Lord’s lamb”... Klein maintained his leisurely posture and asked 
casually, “Shepherd?” 


“yes, this is a Sequence pathway that we found from a city that 
the Things of the Dark destroyed. It only reached Sequence 5 
Shepherd, but Elder Lovia is very strong, very strange, and very 
scary. It is said that she once won against an evil spirit at the 
level of a High-Sequence Beyonder without getting injured. 
Therefore, when there was a vacancy in the six-member council, 
they made an exception for her,” Derrick, feeling a little fear. 


Klein thought, then smiled as he asked, “What’s the Sequences 
before Shepherd? I find them familiar. As you know, a sequence’s 
historical name and its current name is always different.” 


“In the City of Silver, the names of potions have never changed,” 
Derrick refuted instinctively. He then lowered his head and said, 
“Sequence 9 Secrets Suppliant...” 


Indeed! Klein was satisfied when his guesses were confirmed. 


This is the name of Sequence 9 from the Aurora Order! 


“Sequence 8 is Whispered, Sequence 7 Shadow Ascetic, Sequence 6 
Rose Bishop, Sequence 5 Shepherd,” Derrick recounted what he 
knew. 


Whispered, Listener, they are about the same... Heh, I know more 
than the information provided by the Tingen Nighthawks. In a 
good mood, Klein beckoned for Derrick to continue. 


Derrick then roughly described the current situation of the City 
of Silver, and finally, he couldn’t help but say, “I carry the curse 
of destiny. Whether a citizen of the City of Silver is a commoner 
or a Beyonder, we all turn into evil spirits after we die. The evil 
spirit of a Beyonder is just stranger, more terrifying, and far 
more difficult to deal with. In the past, there were many 
occasions when this curse nearly destroyed the City of Silver. The 
only way to prevent an evil spirit from rising is for a person to be 
killed by someone of their own bloodline.” 


“Such a cruel matter. I hope you can grow strong and find a 
method for the people in the City of Silver to shake off the curse.” 
Klein, The Fool who was merely an empty shell, could only 
provide some free chicken soup for the soul. 


“So, I want to be the Sun... When there was a Sun shining over 
the land, we had never encountered any curse,” Derrick 
muttered softly with great difficulty and pain. 


Klein nodded slightly and asked, “You will have the chance to. 
Remember, that I can pull you in here anytime in the next two 
days. Try to avoid being around other people.” 


“Alright,” Derrick replied solemnly. 


“Before that, I need you to confirm your code name.” Klein 
smiled and pointed at the deck of tarot cards that appeared on 
the table. 


Confident that Derrick had never come into contact with tarot 
cards, he gave a brief introduction. “Pick one of the cards as your 
code name. Anything besides The Fool, Justice, and The Hanged 
Man. 


Derrick took two steps forward, flipped through the tarot cards, 
and said without hesitation, “Sun. I pick The Sun.” 


“Remember your choice, it will follow you for the rest of your 
life,” Klein replied like a charlatan. 


At the same time, he extended his hand and severed the 
connection in a restrained manner. Then, he watched as the 
crimson glow receded, and the young man opposite him turned 
incorporeal and dispersed bit by bit. 


Chapter 129: Stutying 32-0782 


After the crimson light in front of him dissipated, Derrick Berg 
saw his room once again. He saw the pure crystal ball in his 
hands. 


Crack! 


The crystal ball shattered from the inside. Some of it turned into 
pieces of illusory beams of light that flew into the void around 
him, while the other crystalline fragments fell noisily to the 
ground. 


Derrick looked on, dumbfounded. He could see the traces of blood 
on his face reflected in the bronze mirror. He noticed a crimson 
light spiraling on the back of his right palm, forming a circle 
with lines extending out from the edge. 


The strange symbol bore into the back of his palm and vanished. 


Derrick fell into a daze in the time it took several flashes of 
lightning to illuminate the sky before snapping to his senses. 


He looked at the fragments of the crystal ball on the ground, 
then looked at the back of his right hand as his gaze turned 
deeper. 


He walked out of his bedroom, returned to the living room, and 
opened the door to look up at the sky above the City of Silver. 


An arc of lightning streaked across the sky, illuminating the city 


with a silver sheen. Right on the heels of that was rumbling 
thunder. The world belonged to the dark. Without any speck of 
light, the heavy darkness only left people in despair. 


Derrick clenched his fists. There was no joy in his eyes for they 
were still filled with the remnant grief and pain. 


But he was no longer lost. 


Phew, looks like I’ve managed to trick another person into 
becoming a member. No, I’ve managed to recruit another 
member... Klein shook his head and mocked the present strength 
of his Tarot Club. 


The leader, The Fool, was only a Sequence 9, one who had just 
fully digested the Seer potion! 


And there were at least three High-Sequence Beyonders at 
Sequence 4 in the hopeless City of Silver that The Sun spoke of! 


“After mentioning the acting method one more time, I can start 
telling the Captain the specifics and hand in my special 
application. At the very least, Pll stop being in charge of support 
once I become a Clown.” Klein didn’t stay in the world of fog. He 
extended his spirituality, wrapped it around himself, and 
initiated a descent. 


Tearing through the gray fog and passing through the ravings, 
he returned to his room before dispelling the wall of spirituality. 


Then, Klein picked up the key and headed out of the room. He 
first went to the two rooms booked by Dunn to take a look in 
order to confirm that the Captain and Frye hadn’t returned yet. 
He then headed to the first level and handed the key back to the 
boss. 


The boss looked at the wall clock to the side and gave a thumbs 
up. 


“Well done!” 


Hey, are you mistaken over why I booked an hourly room? Klein 
wanted to explain himself, but finally decided to leave the 
misunderstanding as it was. 


Feeling wronged, he tried to console himself. 


Yes, this way, he won’t mention that I rented another room in 
front of the Captain! 


After heading out and going through the motions, Klein did a 
quick divination and returned to the inn based on the results. He 
headed straight to the second floor to find Dunn and Frye 
discussing their investigations in one of the rooms, just as he 
expected. 


“We can confirm that the wraith appeared within the last three 
months,” Dunn summarized to Klein with a nod as he came 
through the door. 


Klein immediately echoed, “My investigations also confirmed 
rh 


He highlighted the main points of his questioning and 
concluded, “Heh, there’s a townsfolk named Scoundrel Gray who 
claimed that he had the portrait of the first Baron Lamud. He 
said that it was an antique oil painting more than a thousand 
years old.” 


“Don't tell me you bought it?” Dunn’s eyes shimmered as he was 
taken aback before he asked. 


Captain, do you think that I’m so stupid to be fooled that easily? 
Klein gave a dry laugh. 


“No, I didn’t. Even though I’m a history student, I have attended 
some lessons on archeology and have some degree of experience 
in this area. I can more or less determine if something is fake. 
Heh, the person in the portrait looked a little like my history 
teacher, Mr. Azik.” 


He casually mentioned the most important piece of information. 


And indeed, Dunn didn’t pay too much attention to it. He 
massaged his temples and said, “This is a small town near a 
historical site. There will always be a myriad of ‘antiques’ here. I 
just saw a vendor selling the silver wine glasses of Baron 
Lamud.” 


“Someone tried to sell me the insignia of the Lamud Family, 
claiming that it had been dug out of the castle,” Frye added. 


Klein subconsciously asked, “Did you guys buy them?” 


Frye and Klein looked at each other, and didn’t continue with the 
subject. 


“The next mission is for you or Frye to take Sealed Artifact 3-0782 
out of town to somewhere uninhabited. Otherwise, a good half of 
the people in this inn will become idiots blathering praises of the 
Sun. Are you going first, or Frye?” Dunn looked at Klein with his 
deep gray eyes. 


“Me.” Klein raised his hand slightly and smiled. “It’s still quite 
early, so I can come back and have a nice sleep later. We're doing 
two-hour shifts, right?” 


“Yes. Frye, go over with Klein and confirm where you'll exchange 
the Sealed Artifact.” Dunn turned to look at Corpse Collector Frye. 
He had already found an opportunity to hand Sealed Artifact 
3-0782 over to Frye when they split up to conduct their 
investigations. Otherwise, he would have been purified and 
started praising the Sun. Frye hadn’t had enough time to recover, 
and could only hold the item for another three hours. 


“Alright.” Frye took out the Mutated Sun Sacred Emblem from the 
inner pocket of his black trench coat and handed it over to Klein. 


Klein took the item with a fair bit of curiosity and interest. The 
metal was warm to the touch, as if hot water was flowing 
within it. 


The warm, gentle glow was like a ripple, spreading outward in 
waves and bringing with it a pure smell. At the same time, Klein 
felt that the dark golden Sacred Emblem carved with the symbol 
of the Sun was cleansing his spirituality, removing the 
impurities and leaving it pure. 


Of course, all Sealed Artifacts have their dangers. Death might 
occur if one isn’t careful enough. It’s even possible to have a fate 
worse than death... He muttered to himself as he placed the 
Sealed Artifact 3-0782 into his inner pocket. 


After inspecting his revolver, charms, and cane, he walked out of 
the room and left the inn together with Frye. They headed 
straight for the outskirts of Lamud Town. 


The two circled an area beside a sparse and deserted forest and 
confirmed that there was no one within dozens of meters of 
them. 


“Chase away anyone who approaches you,” Frye coldly 
reminded, “I'll come to take your place in two hours.” 


“Sounds good,” Klein replied with a smile. 


After seeing Frye enter the town, he found a tall boulder he had 
eyed previously. He picked up some leaves from the tree beside 
him and wiped the surface of the boulder. 


He then touched the top of the stone with his finger and 
inspected the stone under the light of the crimson moon. 


After confirming that it was clean, Klein put on his black trench 
coat and sat down. 


Why stand when you can sit! Klein thought to himself. 


After a few minutes of silence, he looked at the dark, quiet, and 
rather scary forest. He couldn’t help but stand up, taking out 
several metal bottles from his hidden pockets and scattering 
their contents—herb powder and essential oils—around the 
boulder. 


Klein recited an incantation in Hermes. With the help of the 


materials, he created a barrier of spirituality, sealing the area he 
was in. 


He did this simple ritual for two reasons. First, he didn’t want to 
rely too much on his premonition for danger as a Seer to defend 
against corpses and spirits launching a sneak attack against 
him. The second reason was to—was to keep the bugs away... 


This is a hundred times better than insect repellent! Klein sat back 
down, satisfied. 


After sitting there for a few minutes, Klein took out Sealed 
Artifact 3-0782 out of curiosity. He began a detailed inspection of 
the Mutated Sun Sacred Emblem. 


I wonder if I could use divination to find out its origins and how 
it became special... He took out the pen and paper he always had 
on him and wrote a statement: “The origin of the Mutated Sun 
Sacred Emblem in my hands.” 


As a qualified and true Seer, Klein had made the preparations 
needed to divine anywhere. 


After reciting the statement seven times, he closed his eyes and 
entered a state of Cogitation, using that as a launchpad to propel 
him into his dreams. 


All he saw were fragmented pieces of light in his dreams. Other 
than that, he didn’t learn anything else. 


Yes, the Church must have gotten other Seers to attempt the same 
thing in the past. The fact that there is no mention of its origins 
must mean that there was no result from the divination, just like 


what happened just now... Klein sighed. He then thought, I 
wonder what would happen if I eliminate the interferences? 


This thought immediately filled Klein’s head, pushing his 
curiosity to a peak. 


After more than ten minutes of hesitation, he stood up. He 
decided that it was fine since there was no one around, 
considering how he was in a secluded area of the forest. He took 
four steps counterclockwise inside his wall of spirituality before 
entering the world above the fog once again. 


Klein sat at the seat of honor of the ancient table in the 
magnificent palace. He conjured a few sheets of yellowish-brown 
goatskin and a black fountain pen, as well as the Mutated Sun 
Sacred Emblem. 


“It feels rather real...” He rubbed Sealed Artifact 3-0782 in his 
hands, finding the tactile feedback identical to the one he had 
felt in the outside world. 


It instantiates itself based on what I felt? Klein mumbled to 
himself before writing down the statement he had come up with 
previously: 


“The origin of the Mutated Sun Sacred Emblem in my hands.” 


After reciting the statement seven times, he held the piece of 
goatskin and Sealed Artifact 3-0782 in his hands. He leaned back 
and entered his dream. 


In the blurry dreamworld, Klein saw a drop of glowing gold 
liquid. It was warm and bright. 


It was suspended above an altar, before a man dressed in a 
white classic robe. 


The man only had his back facing Klein. He had lost all signs of 
life as he fell slowly towards the sacrificial altar. 


At that moment, the Sun Sacred Emblem he was holding had 
come into contact with the golden liquid, the latter quickly 
seeping into the emblem. 


The dream quickly dissipated after Klein saw this, waking him 
up. 


So it was because of the golden liquid that this Sacred Emblem 
has been so effective and uncontrollable to this day. Hmm, 
decades have passed since the discovery of this emblem, but its 
cleansing powers haven't declined. I wonder what that golden 
liquid was? Some advanced Beyonder ingredient? Klein toyed 
with the Sealed Artifact 3-0782 in his hand and slipped into deep 
thought. 


After deliberating over it for a few minutes, he tried to emulate 
the feeling he had in the dream. He wanted to separate the 
golden liquid from the Mutated Sun Sacred Emblem he had 
conjured. 


He accomplished it almost immediately as the thought came to 
him. Klein looked in shock at the emblem which was no longer 
warm or pure. He watched as the drops of golden liquid silently 
suspended themselves in the air. He had even more praises for 
this mysterious space above the fog. 


This is practically a miracle, even if the separation and 
instantiation here isn’t real! 


“The origins of this drop of golden liquid.” He penned down a 
new statement with great excitement. 


Chapter 140: Expert At Courting Death 


“The origins of this drop of golden liquid.” 


After reciting the divination statement seven times, Klein held 
onto the goatskin and the illusory golden liquid before leaning 
back in his seat. 


He didn’t know if he could divine with the item that was 
instantiated based purely on a feeling. All he could do was make 
bold assumptions and carefully seek confirmation. 


In seconds, Klein’s eyes darkened, turning from brown to black 
as he entered a state of Cogitation. 


His eyelids drooped down and he “saw” the illusory yet blurry 
dream. 


In the blurry world that looked in shambles, a golden, glaring 
sun suddenly appeared! 


A low grunt resounded across the void. The pure and clean light 
suddenly lit everything up as the gold and burning flames swept 
outwards. 


Boom! 


Klein was instantly expelled from his dreamworld and flipped 
onto his side as he shivered. His body seemed to become a huge 
bonfire which burned with a raging flame. 


At that moment, his thoughts were all over the place. No proper 
idea could form from the chaos in his mind. 


Rumble! 


The mysterious space above the gray fog shook violently, and the 
lofty palace collapsed inch by inch. The ancient, mottled bronze 
table broke into a few pieces. 


The terrifying changes only continued for three seconds before 
the world above the gray fog returned to tranquility as though 
nothing had happened. 


The gold flame on Klein gradually extinguished. He rolled around 
on his charred skin as he groaned in pain, until he eventually 
regained his ability to think. 


He supported himself on the armrest of the high chair and stood 
up with great difficulty. He was terrified and confused about 
what had just happened. 


He had never imagined that a mere divination would result in 
such consequences! 


He panted and lifted his head to survey his surroundings. He 
realized that the lofty palace and ancient bronze table, which 
looked like they had stood unchanged since ancient times, had 
been damaged. In the world above the gray fog, which had never 
experienced any abnormality, it was simply an unprecedented 
level of damage. 


What happened? Did my divination point towards some 
unfathomable existence? Klein calmed down slightly and let his 


burned flesh shed while he speculated. If I wasn’t protected by 
this mysterious space above the gray fog, there might not even be 
ashes of me left behind... Could that drop of gold liquid be the 
blood of a god? Did I see the Eternal Blazing Sun, or some powerful 
angel of His? No, that was the sun, so I think it was the former... 
Damn, did I just look directly at a god? 


Klein felt more fear as he thought about it. He felt that he had 
nearly died. 


Those who know nothing fear nothing, but those who don’t court 
death won't die... In the future, I can’t just divine anything and 
everything. Who knows what I'll see! 


If that were to happen once more, I don’t know if this mysterious 
space could even shelter me from fatal damage... When that 
happens, I'd actually die... 


Yes, it definitely won’t do if I continue making experiments with 
the golden liquid. The existence from before which was likely 
Eternal Blazing Sun. He must have sensed the sudden, hidden and 
unexpected influence from the divination above the gray fog and 
failed to respond in time... If He were prepared, this mysterious 
space might not have been able to withstand the repercussions... 


Having come to this realization, Klein’s body had already 
returned to normal. It was no longer charred, but compared to 
before, he was dimmer and more incorporeal than before. 


He lifted his hand to massage his temples and commanded with 
his mind to restore the palace and the long table. 


Then, the palace that looked like the home of a giant and the 
long table cast out of bronze returned to normal. Everything 
looked like it had before. 


Klein sat down and leaned against the back of the chair. He 
engaged in self-mockery. 


Well, this isn’t entirely bad. At least I know the limit of the 
mysterious space and I have a certain goal... Only powers 
approaching the angels of the gods can completely influence the 
power of the area above the gray fog? 


Sigh, I have to add another new rule to my Seer principles. ‘Do not 
randomly divine things that involve a high-level entity.’ Yes, I 
shouldn’t hastily activate my Spirit Vision either. If I were to look 
directly at things that shouldn't be looked at directly, it might be 
game over. In the outside world, I don’t have the mysterious space 
to fend off most of the negative effects... 


After a while, Klein’s expression turned odd because some 
knowledge was reverberating in his head. 


Yes, knowledge! 


In the short time he had spent with what appeared to be Eternal 
Blazing Sun, Klein was constantly in his divination state. Hence, 
he could instinctively divine certain matters and knowledge 
from the being that he was looking at. 


He quickly used a dream divination to recall and organize what 
he had gathered that wasn’t his primary objective. He picked up 
the black fountain pen and wrote one line after another. 


“1. Do not look directly at God. 


“2. White Angel. 


“3. The technique of making a Flaring Sun Charm... It’s a 
relatively high level charm in the domain of the Sun. Its potency 
can last a year before it deteriorates... There’s no need for a ritual 
to pray to the Eternal Blazing Sun, but the procedure requires the 
Sealed Artifact 3-0782 to take the ritual’s place. It will siphon 
power from the Mutated Sun Sacred Emblem... 


“4. Extremely hostile towards Lord of Storms and God of 
Knowledge and Wisdom. 


“5. Bard potion formula: 


Main ingredients: a Crystal Sunflower or an adult Flint Bird’s tail 
feather or a Fire Bird’s tail feather... A piece of Siren Rock or a 
Singing Sunflower... 


Supplementary ingredients: a blade of Midsummer Grass, 5 
drops of July Wine Juice, a blade of Elf Dark Leaf... 


“6. Light Suppliant potion formula: 


Main ingredients: a piece of Brilliance Rock or powder of 
Dazzling Soul or... Blood of a Mirror Hedgehog or the Heart of a 
Magma Titan... 


Supplementary ingredients: a Golden-edged Sunflower, three 
drops of Aconite Juice... 


“7, Priest of Light potion formula: 


Information of main ingredients missing. 


Supplementary ingredients: 5 grams of Rosemary, 7 drops of 
fingered citron juices, Rock Water... 


“8. Sequence 4, Unshadowed potion formula. Main ingredients 
could be the golden blood of god extracted from the Mutated Sun 
Sacred Emblem. It could also be replaced with three adult Sun 
Divine Bird’s tail feathers and a piece of Holy Brilliance Rock. 


Information of supplementary ingredients missing...” 


After writing down the eight lines, Klein couldn’t help but rap the 
edge of the long bronze table. 


He had gained way more than he imagined! 


He was already satisfied with surviving his reckless divination 
earlier, but now he had received an unexpected “survival 
reward.” 


From the confidential information he received from the 
Nighthawks, he knew that the Sequence pathway that the 
Church of the Eternal Blazing Sun held was called Sun, and its 
Sequence 9 was Bard. It would allow the Beyonder to imbue 
courage and strength for themselves and their allies through 
their singing, a “job” that brought about devotion and 
submission. Their slogan was “Let us praise the Sun!” 


The corresponding Sequence 8 was Light Suppliant. They could 
cast spells and hold rituals from the Sun’s domain which were 
very effective against corpses and spirits. Sequence 7 was called 
Solar High Priest, which greatly enhanced the spells and rituals 
within its domain. 


In other words, I have obtained the complete potion formulas of 
Sequence 9 and Sequence 8 in the Sun Sequence pathway. Yes, 
unlike before, the potion formula even lists replacement items and 
ingredient names from different eras... As expected of formulas 
obtained directly from Eternal Blazing Sun through divination! 
Klein thought in satisfaction. 


He had originally planned on seeing if The Hanged Man could 
solve the request of the young man from the City of Silver. After 
all, the Church of Storms and the Church of the Eternal Blazing 
Sun were the most ancient orthodox sects. They had fought 
against each other for thousands of years, so it would only make 
sense for the two churches to have learned the initial sequence 
of each other’s pathways. 


The Hanged Man might not have cared about the Sun pathway 
previously, but since he is very likely a Sequence 7 Seafarer, it 
would probably be easy for him if he really needed to gather the 
information. However, I don’t need him now. I solved it myself, 
through an unbelievable yet extremely dangerous method... Miss 
Justice, Mr. Hanged Man, my Sun friend, your Fool nearly turned 
himself into a charred corpse... Klein lampooned silently while 
still feeling a lingering sense of fear. 


He lowered his head and looked at the records on the goatskin 
before him. He thought of another formula. 


Would the Priest of Light be an ancient name of Solar High Priest? 
The confidential information of the Nighthawks never mentioned 
it, and my divination didn’t pinpoint the Sequence number... Is it 
Sequence 6, or Sequence 5? 


Sequence 4, Unshadowed... This is the first High-Sequence formula 
that I’ve obtained! It’s such a pity that it lacks the supplementary 
ingredients. I wonder how I can fill in the blanks? I can’t believe 
that drop of golden liquid is really the blood of a god. Sealed 
Artifact 3-0782 is probably far stronger than anyone imagines. 


From what I can see, it’s sufficient to become a Grade 1 Sealed 
Artifact. 


Yes, it’s likely that the Nighthawks from before only determined 
whether the item has any traits of the living, how much danger it 
would cause to nearby humans, how difficult it is to control the 
item’s effects, and if it can be used against corpses and spirits. 
They had no way of discovering its unique origin. 


The Mutated Sun Sacred Emblem can probably even fight against 
evil spirits... How could the examiner find an evil spirit to 
experiment on? 


As an official Nighthawk, I can’t become the owner of Sealed 
Artifact 3-0782, but, yes, I can find an opportunity to make a 
Flaring Sun Charm and siphon its power? Sigh. I certainly can’t do 
it now. I haven’t prepared the necessary ingredients. Why would I, 
a Nighthawk of the Evernight Goddess, carry the ingredients of the 
Sun around with me? 


Klein massaged his forehead regrettably. He saw that there was 
no other movement in the world above the gray fog and finally 
relaxed. He confirmed that the Eternal Blazing Sun hadn't 
managed to track him down. 


Do not look directly at God, do not look directly at a high-level 
entity. I must remember this! 


Why would the Eternal Blazing Sun be extremely hostile towards 
the Lord of Storms and the God of Knowledge and Wisdom? 


What the hell is a White Angel? 


As these mixed thoughts filled his brain, Klein felt the emptiness 
and an aching pain in his head. Plus, he felt that too much time 
had passed. He had to return to the outer world, just in case 
someone discovered anything amiss. 


Back then, he thought it would take a minute or so to divine two 
or three times in the mysterious space. Plus, there was a 
Spirituality wall isolating him from everything else. Once it was 
touched, his body in the world above the gray fog would sense it. 
Hence, he felt utterly safe, but he hadn’t considered the 
possibility of having some sort of accident. In the end, he nearly 
lost his life and that wasted quite a bit of time. 


Due to the fact that he was afraid that he would be greeted by a 
Light of Purification beam or discover that the Mutated Sun 
Sacred Emblem was damaged, he enveloped his body with 
spirituality before he stimulated a descent with his heart in his 
mouth. 


The crimson moonlight reflected in his eyes, and there was a 
darkness hidden within. Klein saw the sparse forest and the 
weeds before him, as well as the intact Sealed Artifact 3-0782 in 
his hands. 


After a few seconds of breathless anxiety, he finally believed that 
he was safe. 


Phew... Klein let out a breath of relief. He felt exhausted after his 
insane probing at the border of death. 


Chapter 141: Nightmare 


The exhausted Klein dispelled the sealed wall of spirituality, 
allowing the cool wind to blow onto his face. The scent of grass 
and trees that the wind carried revitalized him. 


He rubbed the warm and classic Sealed Artifact 3-0782 with his 
hands and sighed to himself. 


“Who would have thought that there would be a drop of god’s 
blood in this emblem? I have to assume that the experts from 
the Church of the Eternal Blazing Sun must have tried searching 
for this item in the past, but couldn't find it...” 


Klein stretched his neck. He didn’t dare try anything else, 
keeping the Mutated Sun Sacred Emblem in the inner pocket of 
his trench coat. 


His hand followed a chain and took out a silver vine-leaf pocket 
watch. He opened it to see that there was still about an hour 
before Corpse Collector Frye’s shift. 


I need two matches to prop up my eyelids... This is a side effect of 
that near-death experience! Klein didn’t have any other ideas. All 
he could do was take out a small metal bottle from a tiny hidden 
pocket. He uncapped the bottle and brought it near his nose. 


A pungent smell, a mix of mint and disinfectant, quickly entered 
his nose, giving Klein goosebumps. His senses were jolted, 
making him forget his fatigue temporarily. 


He had learned the formula from Corpse Collector Frye. It was 


called Quelaag’s Oil, and it could help a person ignore the stench 
of rotting corpses, as well as refresh and clear the mind. 


The next hour felt like torture. Klein paced around from time to 
time, and was bitten by the mosquitoes in the forest several 
times. 


Finally, he saw the black-haired, blue-eyed Frye walking out of 
the town wearing a trench coat and holding a cane. 


Even though Frye still looked like a living corpse, Klein felt as 
though he was looking at his savior. He covered his mouth and 
let out a yawn, making his eyes teary. He made his way over and 
took out Sealed Artifact 3-0782 from his pocket. 


“What happened?” Frye asked as he looked at his partner’s pale 
face. 


Klein sighed and said, “I just did my shift at Chanis Gate the 
previous night and didn’t sleep too well in the morning, so ’m 
very tired.” 


He didn’t elaborate further and changed the subject. “Shall I 
come for my next shift four hours from now?” 


“Seven hours. The Captain doesn’t need sleep at night.” Frye took 
the Mutated Sun Sacred Emblem. 


I'm glad someone enjoys staying up late... Klein ridiculed the 
Captain under his breath. He bade goodbye to Frye and walked 
towards the town. 


On the way back to the inn, he took out his pocket watch again 
and checked the time. 


Hmm, ten minutes earlier than we arranged... What a_ nice 
person... Klein laughed and walked faster. He returned to the inn 
and opened the half-closed door. The boss watched him as he 
made his way to the second floor before he entered his room. 


He removed his coat and shoes after locking the door. He didn’t 
wash up, but instead fell directly onto the bed. 


His breathing became heavy in just a few seconds, then long and 
peaceful. 


In his dreams, Klein returned to Earth where he was playing a 
game he hadn't beaten. A cup of soda and a plate of spicy 
chicken wings were on his left. To his right was a bowl of rice 
and bitter bamboo shoots meat soup. 


He didn’t like bitter bamboo shoots, but he liked it in soup with 
meat slices. The refreshing taste and the little bit of fat from the 
meat were tantalizing, a perfect complement to the rice. 


He could eat an extra bowl of rice if it was paired with some good 
sauce dip! 


Just as Klein was about to enjoy his supper and continue playing 
his game, his dream changed again, presenting him with the 
internal layout of 2 Daffodil Street. 


Klein suddenly became alert, aware that he was dreaming. 


He saw himself seated at the side of the dining table, a copy of 
the Tingen Daily Tribune in his hand. In front of him was a bowl 
of tomato oxtail stew, pan-fried lamb chops, mashed potatoes, 
and wheat bread. 


He subconsciously turned to look at the door, suddenly noticing a 
figure standing outside the window of the living room, silently 
staring inside the house! 


Klein was shocked. He immediately recognized the gray-eyed 
Dunn. Half his face was clinging close to the window as he 
silently watched the people inside. 


..Captain, can you not scare someone in their dreams? Is this 
your way of acting as a Nightmare? Klein thought, finding 
humor in his exasperation. He scooped up a mouthful of stew 
and put it into his mouth. 


Ah, this is my cooking! He sighed to himself. He understood why 
he became suddenly became alert in his dream, why the scene 
of him on Earth vanished. 


He would naturally become aware when someone barged into 
his dreams! 


At this moment, Dunn left his spot by the oriel window and 
directly entered the house. In his black trench coat, he came 
silently before Klein. 


He took off his hat and nodded before sitting down. He didn’t 
stand on ceremony, picking up cutlery and quickly polishing off 
the stew, lamb chops, wheat bread on the table. 


Klein looked on dumbfounded, unsure what the Captain was 
doing. 


Phew. Dunn exhaled in satisfaction and gave Klein a thumbs up. 
He then took out his pipe and a matchstick before taking an 
intoxicated puff. 


He exhaled a cloud of smoke and stood up. He then put on his 
hat and bowed before leaving the house and the dream. 


“ ” 


... Klein looked at the Captain’s back, unable to collect himself 
for a long time. 


He looked down at the empty plates and instinctively wanted to 
conjure up the food he had just now. 


But this time, the oxtail stew, lamb chops, mashed potatoes 
didn’t appear in his dream. 


It was completely eaten? A Nightmare can do that? Klein twitched 
his lips and thought in frustration. So the Captain’s goal was to 
prevent me from eating supper in my dream? That sure is a 
nightmare... This method of acting as a Nightmare sure is 
creative... 


He let out a laugh and exited his dream, once again falling 
asleep. 


At about half past five the morning the next day, Klein, who had 
no choice but to wake up early, drink his coffee and eat his toast 
and bacon. He hurried out of town to take over from Dunn. 


At seven in the morning, they prepared to set off back to Tingen. 


It wasn’t even ten when they arrived at 36 Zouteland Street. Fyre 
sat behind the typewriter after Dunn, the most energized of the 
lot, returned Sealed Artifact 3-0782 to the back of Chanis Gate. He 
took advantage of the fact that the clerks hadn’t arrived yet so 
that he could write a report on the mission and the claims of the 
related expenditures. 


Klein looked on from the side, satisfied that the items he had 
expended were within the list—including the materials he used 
to drive the bugs and mosquitoes away. 


He didn’t return home immediately, for he had arranged to meet 
the asylum’s Doctor Daxter at one in the afternoon at the agreed 
upon venue through a coded letter. 


Then there’s still the Tarot Gathering at three... Why does the boss 
of a secret society have such a tiring life? Klein thought to 
himself. He took a two-hour nap in the Nighthawks break room 
to catch up on sleep. 


He didn’t forget the information he had obtained the previous 
day. He wasn’t worried that he would forget, for the information 
could be recalled using divination. He was afraid that he would 
disregard the existence of this information and even lose the 
ability to divine the information. Thus, he recalled the pieces of 
information once again before he slept to reinforce them. 


This was also the reason Klein insisted on doing a review every 
week and reorganize all the information he knew. 


After lunch, he took a look at his pocket watch and left the 
Blackthorn Security Company for the Shooting Club at 3 
Zouteland Street. 


Klein entered the reception area after pushing open the door, but 
he didn’t head directly to the shooting range belonging to the 
Nighthawks. Instead, he found a seat in the hall as he waited 
patiently with his black cane in hand. 


He had arranged to meet Daxter at the Zouteland Street Shooting 
Club! 


He had arranged this through handwritten letters. Whenever 
Klein needed to meet him, he would write to Doctor Daxter 
Guderian in place of a patient’s family member and ask about a 
unique condition called “dissociative identity disorder.” In his 
letter, Klein would use various methods to mention the term 
Spectator, as well as a hidden mark of ink to authenticate his 
identity. The letter would also casually mention a time to meet. 


As for the place to meet, they had already decided this the first 
time they met. If Klein felt that there was a need to change the 
location, he would mention it when they met in person. 


When Daxter Guderian needed to meet for nonurgent matters, 
he could send a letter to the Hound Pub or the Shooting Club. The 
recipient would be marked as Mr. Hornacis which Klein would 
take at scheduled times. 


In urgent situations, he could hand the letter directly to the boss 
of the Hound Pub, Wright, and mention his “search for 
mercenaries.” This way, Wright, who was an associate of the 
Nighthawks, would immediately hand the letter over to the 
Blackthorn Security Company. 


After waiting for a while, Klein saw the refined Daxter enter the 
Shooting Club, a few minutes past one. 


He was wearing a black hat and a fitted tuxedo. He had a cane 


inlaid with silver in his hands, as well as a pair of gold-framed 
spectacles on his face. 


Daxter walked around the club without attracting attention and 
saw Klein, who nodded slightly. He then retracted his gaze and 
walked to the counter, expertly applying for a shooting range 
and renting a gun. 


This was not his first visit. 


“Small shooting range 7, 3 soli an hour. The fee for renting a 
revolver is one soli seven pence per hour and it contains six 
rounds,” the receptionist quickly settled the request. 


After Daxter confirmed that he was renting the items for an hour 
and paid the fee of 10 soli, he took the revolver and extra bullets 
and was led into the respective shooting range by the facilitator. 


Klein waited another five minutes before slowly standing up. He 
grabbed his cane before walking to the small shooting range 7 
and knocked on the door. 


The door opened a tiny crack with a creak. Daxter first looked 
around cautiously, then opened the door fully. 


Klein immediately entered and locked the door. 


“Good afternoon, Mr. Daxter,” he said as he took out a 10 soli bill. 
He handed the bill over to Daxter. “We wouldn't let our associates 
bear any extra fees.” 


Because I can claim compensation... He added in his heart. 


Daxter didn’t decline. He took the cash and asked heavily, “Mr. 
Moretti, why did you ask to meet me?” 


Chapter 142: Association 


Klein obviously couldn’t just bring up the Telepathist formula 
right at the start. However, he didn’t hide his intention either. 
After all, the man opposite him was a Spectator. He wouldn’t be 
conned so easily. 


“Has Hood Eugen behaved unusually recently?” he first asked 
Daxter Guderian about the patient in the asylum who was a 
member of the Psychology Alchemists. 


Daxter examined Klein’s eyes, expression, and gestures. He 
thought and said, “No, he’s acting normal. Frankly speaking, I 
think if he really wanted to leave the asylum, he could 
immediately behave in a very healthy and very normal manner. 
But he hasn’t done so, and he continues to stay in the asylum. He 
appears to be treating every patient. Yes, patients who exhibit 
chaotic, violent, or abnormal thoughts appear to be getting 
better. Maybe Hood Eugen is trying to train his Beyonder powers 
with this method.” 


Psychiatrist, Sequence 7 that corresponds to Spectator? Perhaps 
even higher... Since Hood Eugen isn’t a doctor in the asylum but 
entered as a patient, it means that he hasn’t truly grasped the 
acting method. It should be as Daxter has guessed; he’s probably 
training his Beyonder skills and doing so resembles that of the 
“acting method.” To a certain extent, it could slow down the 
potion’s negative influence. Hence, Hood Eugen decided to just take 
the asylum as his home... Klein openly showed that he was in 
deep thought regarding Hood Eugen’s matter. 


Because that would make Daxter Guderian feel that he knew and 
understood a lot, making him appear unfathomable. 


With this in mind, Klein guessed something else. The Psychology 
Alchemists hadn’t grasped the “acting method.” After all, even a 
mainstay member at the Sequence 7 was unaware of this. In this 
era with few Beyonders, a Sequence 7 was considered mid level in 
any secret organization. They were important enough to know 
crucial matters, especially those that could help members resist 
the loss of control. 


Plus, the Psychology Alchemists was a secret organization that 
had only been established in the last three hundred years or even 
earlier. It was understandable that they hadn’t grasped or 
deduced the “acting method.” The only organization that brought 
up the method explicitly was the Secret Order. They were an 
ancient organization that had more than fifteen hundred years of 
history and could be traced back to the previous epoch! 


Hey, the Church of the Goddess is even older than the Secret Order. 
Just the Letter of Saints from The Revelation of Evernight clearly 
indicates that it’s nearly three thousand years old. That’s not to 
mention the mythical legends before that... How could such an 
ancient church not discover the “acting method?” 


During the long history of a huge organization, there must have 
been members who experimented with various possibilities, just 
like Spirit Medium Daly. They might not have understood the 
principle of the acting method in detail, but they acted out the 
name of the potion correctly anyway. They would have discovered 
the gist of it through the good feedback they received. As that 
accumulates through the generations of Nighthawks, unless the 
higher-ups were a bunch of curly-haired baboons, it would be 
impossible not to deduce the “acting method!” 


Klein’s thoughts made the connection and was _ suddenly 
shocked. 


To the Nighthawks who didn’t know of the “acting method,” 
someone like Spirit Medium Daly was a genius, an example that 


an ordinary member couldn’t emulate. Hence, no one suspected 
that the experience of Daly and others could be adapted for their 
own use. 


But to those who have grasped the “acting method,” this would be 
extremely odd! 


Klein believed that in the long history of the Church of Evernight, 
Spirit Medium Daly was definitely not the first member to have 
used the “acting method” to digest the Low Sequence potions 
quickly. She might not even be in the top ten or top fifty! 


It doesn’t make sense. Unless Daly didn’t understand the “acting 
method” on her own, but had other people’s guidance... Then, it 
could be concluded that every member of the Holy Cathedral 
follows the beliefs of the past, believing in their predecessor’s 
experience, and not daring to rebel against their teaching. After 
all, rebelling would imply the loss of control most of the time... 
Yes, other than this explanation, there is another possibility. The 
higher-ups of the church have hidden the “acting method” for 
some reason... 


I need to flip through some records and search for examples of 
Beyonders in the Church of Evernight digesting their potions 
quickly, as well as their final outcome... Klein thought with a 
mask of solemnity. 


Daxter looked at him, waited for a few minutes, and asked 
curiously, “Officer, is there some sort of problem with Hood 
Eugen’s actions?” 


“Not right now. It just made me think of other matters,” Klein 
replied, smiling. He cast his suspicions aside. 


He asked instead, “Has there been any actions taken by the 


Psychology Alchemists recently?” 


“No, besides a small gathering in Awwa to exchange items and 
experience,” Daxter answered honestly. 


Klein nodded slightly and said, “How about your own situation?” 


Daxter controlled his expression as he replied, “Not too good 
myself. I still hear some ravings and have some illusions. If I 
wasn't a doctor specializing in mental health, I might even think 
that I have some sort of disorder.” 


As he spoke, his face grew solemn. “I followed Hood Eugen’s and 
your instructions to ignore those illusions and ravings. That 
made me feel much better, but they still affect my sleep, and I 
have become more grumpy and short-tempered. I’m not like 
myself, as though another new me is growing from within, or 
maybe it could be described as a new character. I’m very worried 
and terrified that I might suddenly lose control one day.” 


Just as I have predicted, I didn’t even need to divine to see that 
coming... Having prepared for this, Klein smiled and said, “You 
don’t have to worry, you're a subsidiary member of the 
Nighthawks now. There are benefits for you. As an ancient 
organization, we master many methods to keep one from losing 
control. It isn’t one hundred percent effective, but it will 
definitely help you.” 


“Besides, ’'m willing to share with you my personal experience. 
You must know the man standing before you only used a month 
to shake off the shackles of illusions and ravings, and they 
haven't resurfaced. You should know from Hood Eugen and your 
other cadres that doing so is very difficult.” 


For Sequence 8 Telepathist, Klein bragged a little. 


“Officer, there’s a bit of a lie in what you said, but it’s mostly the 
truth,” Daxter suddenly said calmly. “What do you want from 
me?” 


It’s tough to lie to a Spectator... Klein replied with a smile, “It’s 
not something that only I want to get.” 


Miss Justice wants it too. 


Of course, he knew that Daxter would definitely assume that the 
Nighthawks team wanted something. 


“If your method is really effective, and the items or information 
you want is within my reach...” Daxter weighed his words as he 
spoke. 


“I will give you the perks in advance,” Klein said 
straightforwardly. “We want the Telepathist formula.” 


He wouldn't hide the potion formula but inform the Captain as 
well. He would tell the Captain that Daxter used it in exchange 
for his personal experience on bringing the potion under control. 


During the procedure, Klein would definitely verify the formula 
and “accidentally” memorize it in his head. 


Besides, he would use the fact that he used his personal 
experience in exchange for the formula to earn merit with the 
Nighthawks. 


By then, with his previous merits, he might not even need to put 
in extra effort to apply for the Clown formula and main 


ingredients. 


A formula for two deals, quite a good bargain... Klein thought 
happily. 


Daxter looked into his eyes and kept quiet for a while before he 
said, “You're very frank... Pll try my best to get the formula, but 
I'm not sure how long it'll take me. If it gets too dangerous, I 
hope that I can replace it with something else.” 


“No problem.” Klein didn’t intend to force the request on the 
man. He then described the “acting method” vaguely. “The key to 
resisting the loss of control lies within the name of the potion. 
We have to understand it and learn its true meaning. You can’t 
completely understand it by thinking about it. It must be 
understood through experience. For instance, as a Spectator, you 
have to understand that you're only a spectator, not an actor. 
How a Spectator should act is something that you need to 
discover through attempts and experimentation to deduce the 
principles required of you. From there, adhere to it strictly.” 


Daxter listened attentively. Then, he replied, “That’s a brand new 
way to look at things. Heh, I’m willing to use the word ‘theory’ to 
describe what you just said. This is just like a theory of a play 
and opera... rll try, and I hope it'll help. 


“If—if it really works, Ill do my best to get you the Telepathist 
formula!” 


“May the Goddess protect you.” Klein drew a crimson moon on 
his chest. 


Klein didn’t request the potion formula of Psychiatrist as well, 
because he knew that it was a task that Daxter couldn’t complete 
with his current position. He might end up exposing him if he 


wasn't careful. 


Thus, he planned to take it one step at a time by helping Daxter 
achieve a higher position in the Psychology Alchemists slowly. 


Then, the long-term benefits would be abundant. 


Klein looked outside through the peephole in the door, then he 
left quickly and turned to the small shooting range that was 
designated for the Nighthawks. 


He entered and locked the door. His face grew grave once again. 
When he was guessing the reason why the Church of the 
Goddess hadn’t developed the “acting method,” he realized 
another thing that he had overlooked! 


He had overlooked it because he had obtained two crucial factors 
in reverse order. It made him fail to make a further 
consideration. 


The first matter was that the Antigonus family was destroyed by 
the Church of Evernight. 


The second matter was that the Antigonus family had the Seer 
Sequence in its grasp, or at least, most of it. 


As there was a very long period of time between when Klein 
learned the two facts, he almost didn’t piece them together. 
Hence, he overlooked something that should have been pretty 
obvious. 


Since the Antigonus family had grasped a majority of the 


Sequences of the Seer pathway, how is it possible that the Church 
of Evernight only received Sequence 9 Seer? 


They should have obtained more than that as the spoils of war! 


If a member from the Aurora Order got ahold of the Clown formula 
from the Antigonus family’s magical notebook, then what about 
the Church that destroyed the entire Antigonus family? 


Even if the Antigonus family was well prepared and hid their most 
valuable things at the highest peak of Hornacis Mountain, the 
Church of Evernight shouldn’t have gained so little. They were the 
ones who killed the family members of Antigonus family. 
Furthermore, the dead can be made to speak! 


Chapter 142: The Fool’s Real-Time Translator 


Klein paced around the small shooting range as he pondered 
over the intent of the Church of Evernight regarding the Seer 
pathway. 


Do they not want Nighthawks to choose this pathway, or do they 
not want Beyonders to become powerful through this pathway? As 
such, they only revealed the Sequence 9 Seer which is clearly a 
support type? Captain also mentioned that the Holy Cathedral 
might have the subsequent recipes... 


No, they didn’t even provide the names of the potions for Sequence 
Numbers 8 and 7 in the confidential information that I read. They 
merely described the battle characteristics of each Sequence... In 
other words, they don’t want those under them to realize that the 
Church might hold the actual formulas. 


Is there a possibility that Nighthawks who chose this pathway 
could become “vengeful spirits” for the Antigonus family, and 
thus, the higher-ups of the Church made a decision like this? Or 
could there be some other reason? 


Klein suddenly felt incredibly suspicious, a sense of intense 
wariness and vigilance, towards the higher-ups of the Church. 
He began reconsidering whether he should openly hand over the 
special application to become a Clown. 


If there are some terrifying secrets behind this, wouldn’t I be 
jumping into the fire myself? Frankly, I'm not a person that can 
be placed under strict investigation... 


But the Tingen branch has handed the Clown potion formula over 


to the Church. Any Seer who learned of this would hope to 
advance. Isn’t that normal? Sequence 8 is still considered a low 
Sequence, so it shouldn't invite too much attention... 


The only problem is that I would only take a month to completely 
digest the potion and submit a special application. If the higher- 
ups are familiar with the “acting method,” they would be able to 
realize what I did immediately... Of course, I do have an excuse; I 
know Spirit Medium Daly after all. Old Neil, who is strict in 
abiding by the Mystery Pryer’s maxim, is also my friend. The 
claim that I gained inspiration from them and refined the “acting 
method” isn’t too hard to believe. 


Yes, even Daly received attention from the higher-ups only after 
showing signs of digesting a Sequence 7 potion in three years, and 
is now being nurtured to become a future Archbishop. Being at the 
stage of Clown shouldn’t garner me too much attention—unless I 
fully digest the Clown potion in a few months, giving them 
confirmation to believe that I have truly mastered the “acting 
method”... 


In other words, applying for the Clown potion isn’t a risky move. I 
can continue with that plan, but I should pay attention to this in 
the future. Sigh, I'll have to take things one step at a time. I'll do a 
divination back at home. 


Klein collected himself and took out his revolver from his holster 
before carrying on with his daily shooting practice and 
maintenance. 


The quality of the revolver that he had gotten from his 
schoolmate, Welch, was unexpectedly good. Without any 
surprise, it would last for quite some time. Of course, he had to 
credit Dunn and Leonard for teaching him how to maintain a 
revolver. 


To be honest, it doesn’t matter if it’s damaged. These are all things 
I can request compensation for. Klein looked at the target, put 
away his revolver, and left the Shooting Club. 


He took the public transport back to 2 Daffodil Street. Before 
arriving at his destination, he saw a young lady pacing about his 
door. 


This lady was dressed in a blue lacy dress, as well as a thinly 
veiled hat. She was Melissa’s classmate—Elizabeth who had her 
adorable baby fat. 


She quickly approached when she saw Klein arrive, taking off 
her hat to reveal her joyful face. 


She paused for two seconds before smiling. 


“Good afternoon, Mr. Moretti. ’m guessing that you just came 
back from Lamud Town, right?” 


I’m sorry, I came back in the morning... Klein smiled. 


“No, I came from Zouteland Street.” 


Yes, that was a very honest answer... He laughed to himself. 


Elizabeth froze for a moment, then said with excitement, 
“Alright, I guessed wrongly. I came to look for you because I 
wanted to tell you that I didn’t have that nightmare last night. I 
no longer dreamed about the knight in black armor! This was 
exactly the same as the result of your divination!” 


Of course—that wraith was completely purified by Sealed Artifact 
3-0782. I couldn’t channel his spirit even if I was there, much less 
your dream... Klein laughed and replied gently, “’m happy that 
you're freed from your troubles. I’m also very satisfied with my 
divination yesterday.” 


“Thank you, thank you once again! Alright, I have to go now, I 
still have lessons in the afternoon. Bye bye, Mr. Moretti. I'll visit 
Melissa when I have the time~” Elizabeth left joyfully, renting a 
carriage by the side of the road. 


As the carriage began to roll forward, she smiled and thought 
proudly, Melissa definitely doesn’t know how great her brother 
IS... 


It seems as though my explanation just now was useless. Young 
ladies would rather trust their intuition and the truths made up 
in their minds... Klein saw Elizabeth board the carriage and 
opened the door to his house. He made his way to his room. 


He rested for a while before he began to consolidate everything 
that had happened over the past week, including the questions 
he had yet to resolve. 


After completing the task, he burned his notes, took out his 
pocket watch, and opened it. 


“Half past two? There’s another fifteen minutes left...” Seeing 
that he still had time, Klein put on his oldest suit and headed to 
Smyrin Bakery at Iron Cross Street to buy a cup of sweet iced tea 
from Mrs. Wendy. 


He drank his beverage as he returned, then sealed his room with 
a wall of spirituality at fifteen minutes to three. He then took 
four steps counterclockwise and entered the world above the 


gray fog. 


In the quiet, ancient palace, Klein conjured a piece of goatskin 
and wrote down a divination statement: “I should obtain the 
Clown potion through the Nighthawks.” 


He put his pen down and untangled the spirit pendulum on his 
wrist. He grabbed the pendulum firmly with his left hand, 
allowing the topaz to be suspended right above the piece of 


paper. 


He recited the statement seven times. His eyes darkened and the 
pendulum in his hand started to turn. It turned clockwise. 


It’s a positive answer, so it’s appropriate. But it’ll be hard to say 
for the sequences after Clown. I should seriously develop my Tarot 
Club... Klein did another divination to confirm the answer. 


After this, he used his hand and pressed down on the dark red 
star representing the Sun. 


He wanted to bring the youth from the City of Silver in early and 
ask if he revealed whatever had happened in this world to the 
six-member council. If he hadn’t, then Klein would give him a 
better way of knowing what time the gatherings would start. 


In a room of the Berg household in the City of Silver. 


Derrick sat silently by the side of his bed, waiting for The Fool’s 
summoning. 


In order to avoid being near anybody, he didn’t even go out of the 
house after he “returned.” He had nearly finished all the food in 
his room. 


Bearing with the hunger and hearing the growls of his stomach, 
Derrick felt as though he was a living corpse roaming around on 
a dark plain. However, he remained silent nor did he stand. 


At that moment, he saw a dark red color spread in the air, 
quickly swallowing him. 


The gray, boundless, cold, lonely world appeared in his field of 
vision once again. Seated at the seat of honor, The Fool, who was 
obscured by the thick fog, presented himself in front of him once 
more. 


Klein was Satisfied that his “summoning” wasn’t interrupted. He 
also confirmed that he didn’t face any immediate danger. 


“Sun, we meet again,” he said smilingly, using Jotun. 


Derrick was shocked by what had happened. He lowered his 
head. 


“you are a Fool who keeps his word.” 


“The other members will arrive in a while. Before that, Ill 
confirm a few things with you first.” Klein used the Loen 
language this time, but willed the mysterious space to translate 


it into Jotun. 


The words rang through the air, coming to Derrick in Jotun. He 
asked curiously, 


“What’s the matter?” 


Well, now that I’ve gained a certain degree of mastery over Jotun, 
the mysterious space above the gray fog can translate whatever I 
say in real time. This means that I won’t have to worry about 
Justice and The Hanged Man not understanding whatever Sun 
says... Sigh, why does a boss like me have to work so tirelessly? 
Klein pinched the bridge of his nose. He laughed and shook his 
head. 


“Tll permit you to recite my name; remember the incantations 
I'm going to tell you.” 


“The Fool that doesn’t belong to this era, the mysterious ruler 
above the gray fog; the King of Yellow and Black who wields good 
luck” 


Derrick’s pupils constricted when he heard that, but he didn’t 
dare to get distracted. He recited it over and over again in his 
heart, then confirmed it with The Fool. 


“you have to use a simple ritual and recite my name whenever 
you return to the City of Silver... I will notify you in advance for 
future gatherings. You need not pay too much attention to it on 
other days, nor do you have to avoid anyone. When you receive 
my notification, isolate yourself within a thousand heartbeats.” 
Klein told him the method he had been deliberating on for quite 
some time. 


This was essentially a response to a prayer. 


As he had to consider the situation regarding the City of Silver, as 
well as save time, Klein opted to omit the other steps of the 
ritual since it was a plea directed toward him. 


“A thousand heartbeats?” Derrick muttered to himself. 


Klein described the general idea of the Tarot Club to Derrick, then 
took out his pocket watch and looked at the time. 


Derrick froze for a while, instinctively looking at the wondrous 
item. 


When three approached, Klein extended his hand and pressed on 
the dark red stars representing Justice and The Hanged Man. 


Derrick didn’t blink as he witnessed this. He saw light burst forth 
opposite and beside him, as two hazy figures extended from 
within. 


Audrey Hall surveyed her surroundings and froze suddenly. She 
then heard the ever-calm voice of Mr. Fool. 


“This is our newest member, his code name is Sun.” 


“This is Miss Justice, and that is Mr. Hanged Man.” 


Newest member? Audrey was shocked at first, then her shock 
immediately turned to joy. 


She was very excited to see the development of the Tarot Club. 
She felt like a protagonist. 


The Hanged Man Alger creased his brows, a little upset that The 
Fool would drag in a new member so suddenly. 


He should’ve at least mentioned it to us... But a great figure like 
Mr. Fool wouldn’t have to care about our feelings... He thought in 
exasperation before giving a simple greeting to Justice and Sun. 


In this short process, Audrey entered the her Spectator state and 
paid close attention to the newest member Sun. 


“He should be quite young... His body language tells me that he’s 
a little nervous and restrained... But he ultimately maintains a 
tolerable air of silence, giving the feeling of, hmm, a lone wolf, 
yes, a lone wolf...” Audrey thought as she cast her gaze at The 
Fool who was seated at the end of the long bronze table. 


She said in joy, “Mr. Fool, I’ve collected another two pages of 
Emperor Roselle’s diary.” 


Chapter 144: Three-Way Deal 


Actually there were three pages, but the characters were too 
complicated and too difficult to memorize. My limit is only a little 
over two pages. I would mess up if I were to memorize more. The 
rest will have to wait until the next gathering... Audrey added in 
her head. 


New pages of Roselle’s diary? Klein’s mind stirred. He smiled and 
asked in reply when he already knew the answer, “Miss Justice, 
what do you need?” 


Audrey's eyes beamed with excitement, but she replied in a 
reserved manner, “You know that Ill soon fully digest the 
Spectator potion. I hope that I can get the formula for the 
Telepathist potion so that I can prepare the ingredients ahead of 
time. Hmm, I know that there isn’t much content for two pages 
of the diary, and it might not equal to the value of the 
Telepathist formula, so I'll give you another page, hmm, I'll also 
pay you a sum of money on the side...” 


She had yet to finish what she said when she suddenly felt that 
it had come out wrong. She couldn’t help but berate herself in 
her head, Mr. Fool is at the very least an important figure which 
approaches that of a god, how could he be bought over by money?! 


Hence, Audrey couldn’t maintain her Spectator state as she 
hurriedly added with a stammer, “That’s not what I meant! Mr. 
Fool, what I meant is that you can determine the compensation 
that you’d like. Yes, that’s what I meant!” 


I like your earlier suggestion... I would answer like this: When you 
have fully digested the Spectator potion, you will get the formula 
you need. I have a subordinate, no—I have to use the word 


“Blessed.” That sounds more awesome. He happens to be handling 
some matters that require money, and this is his anonymous 
account in Backlund Bank... Yes, then I will disguise myself and 
make an anonymous account in Backlund Bank. Klein didn’t 
answer immediately but weighed his words carefully with an 
unfathomable expression. 


Backlund Bank was one of the seven major banks in the Loen 
Kingdom, and as such, it possessed the right to clear 
transactions. 


The Loen Kingdom settled accounts with receipts to take care of 
cash transfer business between banks within the same city in a 
centralized manner. However, unlike banks in the Intis Republic, 
not all banks were part of the same league. The biggest seven 
banks held on to these rights. Hence, they were called the 
clearance banks, making other banks rely on them. 


Transferring money from a different location, on the other hand, 
could only be done within the same bank. It would be completed 
by squaring accounts between branches. With the invention of 
the steam locomotive and telegram, the efficiency of these 
transfers had been enhanced drastically. 


Just then, The Sun Derrick Berg, suddenly spoke. 


“The Telepathist potion formula? Telepathist that is followed by 
Psyche Analyst?” 


Audrey looked towards him puzzledly. “You know of it?” 


At the same time, Miss Justice saw a problem through her 
instinct as a Spectator. 


The young man had used the ancient title “Psyche Analyst” 
instead of the modern term, “Psychiatrist!” 


This guy is very strange... Audrey examined Sun’s every 
movement. 


Derrick didn’t think that he behaved any differently but replied 
seriously, “I can get you the formula!” 


Then, he felt guilty as he couldn’t provide it immediately. He 
tried his best to explain himself, “It’s a Sequence pathway that 
stemmed from the Dragon race. And our City of Silver was once 
ruled by the Giant King’s imperial household. As you know, the 
Giants and the Dragons are sworn enemies. Hence, the City of 
Silver has all of Sequence 9, 8, and 7. I have ways to get them.” 


This kid... I already warned him not to speak carelessly or expose 
his origins. In the end... Klein nearly wanted to extend his hand 
to cover his face. 


Sigh, although The Sun appears to be in great pain, very mature 
and silent for his age, he’s just a boy after all! However, that 
clarifies one thing for me... It turns out that the Spectator 
Sequence’s origins stem from the Dragon race. It’s no wonder that 
the symbol formed by stars behind Miss Justice’s high chair is the 
Dragon... The City of Silver has preserved history well... Klein 
maintained his posture of leaning against the back of his chair 
while he listened thoughtfully to The Sun’s description. 


In fact, he could’ve easily stopped The Sun from exposing those 
matters. As long as he didn’t help in the simultaneous 
translation, Justice and The Hanged Man wouldn’t have 
understood him at all. 


However, Klein took a different approach. He felt that it might 


help him consolidate his mighty and mysterious image in the 
minds of the three members effectively. Hence, he listened with 
a smile and didn’t make a sound. 


Giant King, Dragon race, the City of Silver... Audrey was confused. 
She first took a look at The Hanged Man opposite her, but she 
could tell that he was shocked and confused as well from his 
body language. 


She looked sideways towards the seat of honor on the long 
bronze table. She saw The Fool sitting on the high chair, engulfed 
in thick grayish-white fog. His right arm was placed on the 
armrest while he leaned sideways leisurely. He showed no 
shock, no curiosity, no thoughts, and no doubt. He only looked at 
them with a smile. 


He knows... He knew all of this... Audrey and Alger made the 
definite judgment almost at the same time. 


“The City of Silver, I've never heard of this place... Where is it?” 
Audrey probed while Alger listened attentively. 


At that very moment, Derrick Berg’s head was filled with 
questions as well. He could tell that, besides the godlike Fool, 
Justice and The Hanged Man were some sort of Beyonder. 


In the Forsaken Land of God, besides the people in the City of 
Silver, Derrick had never seen another living human. 


So, he asked in reply, “If you aren’t residents of the City of Silver, 
which city-state are you from?” 


Sigh... Klein couldn’t help but wish to sigh again. 


Audrey trembled her lips, momentarily at a loss for words. 


Yes, the hidden meaning behind his question is that if you don’t 
want to answer a similar question, don’t pry into the questions 
about where the other person lives... Miss Justice nodded faintly 
and elegantly kept quiet. 


Obviously, Alger had misunderstood The Sun’s intentions as well. 
He didn’t know the other person was really just asking 
straightforwardly. So, he kept quiet too. 


When Derrick didn’t receive any reply, he seemed to realize what 
was happening. He didn’t bring it up again and instead said, 


“I will try to get the Telepathist potion formula as soon as 
possible. I would like to use it to exchange for the beginning 
Sequence pathway of the Sun.” 


“Sun Sequence pathway? Sequence 9 Bard?” Alger asked in reply. 


Derrick thought and said, “Probably, but I lack information about 
it.” 


Klein who was watching from the side decided to get involved, 
because he didn’t want to risk anyone taking his business away. 


He smiled and said, “I believe Miss Justice doesn’t have the Bard 
formula.” 


But Mr. Hanged Man seems to be able to get it... 


Seeing Audrey nod, Klein continued with a faint smile, “I will 
give The Sun the Bard formula. The Sun will pass the Telepathist 
potion to Miss Justice as soon as possible. Try to get it done 
within the next two Gatherings. Miss Justice, please pass me the 
new pages of Roselle’s diary. Then, the deal is done.” 


“yes, according to the law of equivalent exchange, The Sun is on 
the losing end of this transaction, but as of now, he has only 
made a promise. When he really provides the Telepathist 
formula, Miss Justice can consider how to compensate him 
again, or I will compensate him while Miss Justice provides 
money to one of my Blessed who needs to do somethings 
recently. Heh heh, that’s because The Sun might not necessarily 
be able to receive Miss Justice’s cash or ingredients as 
compensation.” 


Klein intentionally added that final statement to redirect The 
Hanged Man and Justice’s focus onto the fact that Sun might not 
be able to receive her compensation. He also did that to place 
himself in an unfathomable position; then, everyone would 
ignore the Blessed that lacked money. 


Might not necessarily receive the compensation... Where exactly is 
The Sun? The Southern Continent? Alger suddenly creased his 
eyebrows. 


The origin of The Sun is mysterious too... As expected, Mr. Fool 
does have subordinates in reality. Audrey finally saw her hope of 
becoming a Sequence 8 Telepathist. What other thoughts could she 
have? She suppressed her excitement and flashed a faint smile 
as she said, “I have no objections.” 


“Neither do I.” When Derrick saw that he could obtain the 
beginning sequence of the Sun pathway, he nodded without 
hesitation. He couldn’t care less about the additional 
compensation. 


Alger, who was out of the three-way deal, didn’t have the right to 
speak. Although he could get the formula of Bard, he would need 
to wait a week or two as well. 


At that moment, Klein, who had successfully delayed the 
compensation to the next Gathering, or the following one after, 
pressed his palm forward happily. The Bard formula surfaced. 


“Main ingredients: a Crystal Sunflower or an adult Flint Bird’s 
tail feather or a Fire Bird’s tail feather... A piece of Siren Rock or a 
Singing Sunflower... 


Supplementary ingredients: a blade of Midsummer Grass, 5 
drops of July Wine Juice, a blade of Elf Dark Leaf...” 


He sent the formula before The Sun and saw the young man first 
crease his eyebrows and then relax. 


Yes, the ingredients in the Forsaken Land of God will still be known 
by their ancient names. Luckily, my formula was obtained 
directly from the Eternal Blazing Sun. The knowledge that I gained 
used ancient names and various replacements... Klein suddenly 
cast his eyes of realization towards Miss Justice. 


Audrey looked at The Sun who was memorizing the formula, 
then she quickly willed the two pages of the diary that she had 
memorized. 


The diary immediately appeared on the yellowish-brown 
goatskin and, with a flash, appeared in Klein’s hands. 


Just like before, he started reading immediately. 


“3rd November, Matilda is three months pregnant now. I even 
find those maidservants who come from the villages beautiful. 
No, I can’t lower my standards. Coincidently, Countess Florais 
has invited me to join a private party, hehe. 


“8th November, Archbishop Fan Estin sought my help. Huh, what 
can I do for an archbishop? 


“9th November, it turns out that there is actually a secret hidden 
within Sequence pathways. Archbishop Estin told me that after 
becoming a Sequence 5 Beyonder, the rest of the Sequences could 
be replaced with Sequences of the same level from one or two 
other pathways! In other words, it starts from the Mid-Sequence 
to High-Sequence! But this is only limited between those one or 
two pathways. If it’s replaced with a potion from a wrong 
pathway, semi-insanity is the mildest outcome, and one can’t 
advance any further. 


“This way, one can begin substituting pathways from Sequence 4 
onwards. Sleepless and Corpse Collector pathways. Yes, the 
Church’s Savant and Mystery Pryer pathways can also substitute 
for one another at a High Sequence.” 


Chapter 145: Request For Cooperation 


Some pathways are interchangeable after Sequence 5? That’s 
different from what the Nighthawks told me! 


Isn’t it a fact that you cannot change your pathway after you 
choose one? Wasn’t it mentioned that diverging from your 
pathway would allow one to obtain strange, mysterious powers, 
but that person would definitely go insane and would never be 
able to advance? 


To think that there are some hidden exceptions to this! 
Klein looked at the diary, his pupils constricting. 


He didn’t think that Emperor Roselle would spout nonsense 
about something like this. After all, the surprise in his words 
were so real. But he didn’t assume that the information Emperor 
Roselle had received was definitely correct. There was also a 
possibility that he had been lied to, or that he had 
misinterpreted the information. 


I will need to verify this. ’'ll commit it to my memory first... Klein 
reminded himself, then thought deeply about this. 


If what Roselle described here turns out to be correct, then the 
Sequence pathways go deeper than what I imagined... It hides 
many secrets... 


The complete pathway possessed by the Nighthawks is Sleepless. 
They also possess a relatively complete path in the Corpse 
Collector, which they have up to Sequence 4. To think that those 


are interchangeable after Sequence 5... The other potion chains 
they have are even less complete, as some pathways only possess 
the first Sequence... 


Similarly, the Church of the God of Steam and Machinery holds 
the complete pathway of the Savant, and has a relatively complete 
pathway for the Mystery Pryer. These can also be interchanged at 
High Sequences... 


Interesting... I wonder which pathway is interchangeable with the 
Seer pathway? The Apprentice or Marauder that was mentioned 
by the Emperor? 


Hmm, there’s a high possibility that the first five Sequence 
pathways of the Seer pathway would each provide a separate 
ability, and that these abilities would be combined at Sequence 4. 
At that stage, there should be no way to interchange it with some 
other potion... Klein retracted his thoughts, once again placing 
his attention onto the diary. 


He noticed that although the two diary pages were connected, 
the content was not in chronological order. The dates belonged 
to two different periods. This could be a mistake made by 
whoever copied their content. 


“9th April. The relationships between the Church of the Eternal 
Blazing Sun, the Church of Storms, and the Church of the God of 
Knowledge and Wisdom are poor. They see each other as 
enemies. The Church of Evernight is at odds with the Church of 
the God of Combat from the Feysac Empire. This can be taken 
advantage of. These are all facts worth considering.” 


“13th April. I participated in an ancient organization’s gathering. 
I never expected them to be members of this organization as 
well. It sure was frightening.” 


“To think that the second Blasphemy Slate was in the hands of 
this organization. This is the first time I’m seeing this legendary 
item!” 


“Indeed, it was hiding an unimaginable secret, hehe. Perhaps 
there will come a day when I will create a Blasphemy Slate 
unique to me. No, a set of them, with each one hiding an 
ultimate secret!” 


Holy f**k, Emperor, why didn’t you specify the name of this 
ancient organization!? You’re killing me! Perhaps—perhaps, 
Roselle had a reason, or didn’t dare to write down the name of the 
organization, even if he was using Chinese... Klein looked at the 
diary, a little uncomfortable and puzzled. 


But with this page of the diary, Klein could finally confirm that 
Emperor Roselle had seen the second Blasphemy Slate. 
Furthermore, he created a set of cards after that, each card 
represented a path of the divine. 


Yes, that could be the ultimate secret that matches each path of 
the divine. I wonder where that set of twenty-two cards are now? 
That ancient organization managed to obtain the second 
Blasphemy Slate... Klein’s thoughts flowed quickly. 


But he quickly reined in his thoughts. He shifted his gaze away 
from the diary and shot it towards The Hanged Man, Justice, and 
The Sun. He smiled and said, “Actually, you didn’t need to wait 
for me.” 


“It’s our honor.” Alger had already reined in his dissatisfaction as 
he answered humbly. 


Audrey thought for a moment before smiling. 


“Mr. Fool, the open selection of government officials through 
examinations that you described previously has already 
garnered the support of the King and the Prime Minister. It will 
soon be passed by the House of Lords and the House of Commons 
and is predicted to be implemented early next year.” 


“It looks like the King and the Prime Minister still use their 
brains,” Alger mocked out of habit. 


Well, with Benson’s intellect and diligence, his grammatical and 
accounting skills should be passable by early next year... But once 
it’s passed by the two Houses, it will definitely be announced 
widely by the various newspapers. I wonder how long Benson’s 
advantage will last? The earlier the examination, the better... 


Sigh, there’s no way Benson can triumph over the elites who 
graduated from the various universities in such a short period of 
time. But he need not compete against them; the positions they’re 
fighting for wouldn’t be the same. Those people might only have 
their sights trained on positions such as the Cabinet secretary, or 
Finance secretary... The silent Klein worried for his brother as he 
nodded his head with a smile. 


Audrey straightened her back when she saw The Fool’s 
affirmative nod. She said with a smile, “Mr. Hanged Man, you 
got me to check on something for you previously. I’ve received an 
answer. The King has been convinced by the Prime Minister and 
won't seek revenge on the Feysac Empire at the East Balam Shore 
for the time being. I think you can now give me the extra 
payment that you promised me.” 


Alger thought for a few seconds before saying, “Miss Justice, 
thank you for your answer. This eases my concerns over certain 
things. What kind of extra payment do you want? I'll consider it 
if it’s within reason.” 


Audrey smiled, obviously prepared. 


“Clues to the Psychology Alchemists, or clues to the main 
ingredients of the potion Telepathist. Of course, that can wait 
until after The Sun hands the formula over to me.” 


“No problem,” Alger said without hesitation. 


Two seats away from The Hanged Man, Derrick Berg couldn’t 
understand a single word. He was very confused, feeling that he 
only understood a few terms, but couldn’t string them together 
to provide any logical sense. 


A method of selecting officials through examination? A King and 
Prime Minister, House of Lords, House of Commons, East Balam 
Shore, Feysac Empire, Psychology Alchemists? He understood 
none of that. 


Feysac, the root of the word came from Jotun. What connection 
did it have with the fallen Giant King’s imperial household? 
Derrick looked at Justice and The Hanged Man, suddenly having 
the feeling that they might not come from the same world. 


Could there be another city-state, or one that had formed a 
nation, somewhere far away from the City of Silver in the cursed 
lands? Derrick remained silent and listened on. He had a faint 
understanding of why the mysterious Fool mentioned that he 
might not be able to receive the monetary compensation Justice 
was going to give him. 


To be able to gather people this far away from each other, 
disregarding the terrifying monsters hiding in the darkness of the 
cursed lands, The Fool might really be a god, an ancient god... he 
thought. 


After accomplishing everything that she set out to do, Audrey 
wanted to become a silent observer, but she suddenly 
remembered something. She spoke in a hurry, “I recently came 
into contact with a Beyonder circle and found out about a 
powerful person named Mr. A. Mr. Fool, Mr. Hanged Man, Mr. 
Sun, do you know of this person’s background and identity?” 


I don’t even know what you’re talking about... Derrick maintained 
his silence. 


Mr. A? I only know a Mr. Z... With such a similar code name, 
could he also be from the Aurora Order? Klein made a guess, but 
didn’t give an answer. 


He had to maintain his image and try not to give answers he 
wasn't confident in. If he had to, he would give a vague 
description just like a charlatan. 


Alger looked at The Fool and found him calm and unchanging. It 
was hard to read his true thoughts. Thus, he said in a 
deliberative tone, “The Aurora Order is at odds with the Church of 
Storms, the Church of the Eternal Blazing Sun, and the Church of 
the God of Knowledge and Wisdom, so members of these 
Churches understand the Aurora Order more than any other 
organization. And I happen to know something about them.” 


You need not explain, I know that you come under the Lord of 
Storms. Of course, you could be a whistleblower... But why would 
there be hatred between the Aurora Order and the three ancient 
Churches? Klein smiled but didn’t speak. He looked calmly at The 
Hanged Man. 


Alger knew that he couldn't hide his Sequence pathway from The 
Fool, but didn’t pay too much attention to it and continued. 


“The Aurora Order has five Saints and twenty-two Oracles. These 
Oracles use the alphabet as their code names, such as Mr. A or 
Mr. X. They are Beyonders, with the weakest being Sequence 7 
and the strongest Sequence 5. They are all adept at hiding 
themselves. Should a Oracle die, a new Oracle will take their 
place.” 


“I cannot guarantee that the Mr. A you spoke of is the Mr. A from 
the Aurora Order, but there is a good possibility. As for the details 
of the Aurora Order, I have mentioned that to you before.” 


Audrey nodded, becoming even more cautious of Mr. A. 


She said, feeling a little pinch in her heart, “Thank you for your 
answer, Mr. Hanged Man. You need not make a payment 
anymore.” 


“No, I wish to ask for your help with the answer just now, as 
well as provide extra compensation,” Alger said with a deep 
voice. 


“What help?” Audrey asked curiously. 


Alger thought for a few seconds before saying, “I received 
intelligence that the pirate Qilangos, codenamed Vice Admiral 
Hurricane, has secretly gone onshore and infiltrated Backlund. I 
don’t know what he’s up to, but I hope that you can help me 
locate his whereabouts. As for whatever happens afterwards, you 
need not put yourself in danger.” 


“Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos? One of the seven great 
admiral pirates?” Audrey widened her eyes, almost unable to 
maintain her Spectator state. 


What was the thing she wanted to do the most after she became 
a Beyonder? It was, of course, to interact with the people that 
only existed in the fables of the nobles! 


“yes, he’s a Sequence 6 Beyonder of the path of the Sailor, a 
Wind-blessed. He also has a miraculous item that could be 
classified as a Sealed Artifact. He’s quite crafty and cruel. Don’t 
attempt to deal with him,” Alger introduced seriously. 


He suddenly turned to Klein. 


“Mr. Fool, can I get your Blessed to assist me at the critical 
moment? I would pay a price that interests you.” 


The only Blessed I have is myself... Klein lampooned to ease his 
emotions as he smiled. 


“That is built on the premise that my Blessed happens to be in 
Backlund.” 


“Alright.” Alger retracted his gaze, a little disappointed, but also a 
little expectant. 


Chapter 146: Creeping Hunger 


“What’s so special about Qilangos’s mystical item?” Audrey asked 
slightly confidently. 


She considered it carefully and suddenly realized that she had a 
decent ability to locate people in Backlund. 


Firstly, her father was one of the most wealthy, connected, and 
reputable nobles, while she was quite popular amongst the 
younger generation too. Hence, in the upper-middle class of the 
society, she had quite a few resources to take advantage of. 


Secondly, the two Beyonders that she knew had their own circles 
as well. Apprentice Fors was originally a clinical doctor, and was 
now an author. She knew quite a number of people in the 
literary world and publishing industry, as well as among the 
middle-class doctors. 


Arbiter Xio Derecha had helped many middle-lower class people 
to coordinate and mediate disputes over a long period of time. 
She was also quite famous in East Backlund borough among the 
working class and mafia. She had a lot of hidden channels. 


Plus, considering the Beyonders that they knew and their circles 
of influence, their ability to look for a person wasn’t to be 
belittled. 


Towards Justice’s question, Alger answered almost straightaway 
without hesitation or thought. 


“No one knows the real name of the mystical item, but the 


people who have come into contact with it call it the ‘Creeping 
Hunger.’ Qilangos uses a living person’s soul and flesh to satisfy 
it every other day. Otherwise, it would consume its owner as a 
replacement.” 


“This could be one of the most important clues to seek out 
Qilangos,” Audrey said, creasing her eyebrows. 


She felt utter discomfort and extreme hatred towards any evil 
item that desired a living human’s fresh blood and soul. 


“yes, but in a big city with at least five million people, a few 
vagrants going missing wouldn't be noticed,” Alger reminded 
her. “Ever since he got his hands on the Creeping Hunger, 
Qilangos has been very difficult to deal with.” 


“He was originally a Wind-blessed. He possesses great Beyonder 
power in domains related to water, wind, and the weather. But, 
later on, people realized that he could drive his targets crazy, 
enter the dreams of others, summon light to purify a dead soul, 
sing to strengthen himself, and change his appearance... There’s 
almost nothing that he can’t do,” Alger described in detail. “We 
suspect that those are all effects that came from the mystical 
item, Creeping Hunger...” 


Before he finished sharing, Derrick Berg, who had been listening 
quietly, suddenly blurted, “Shepherd!” 


Shepherd? Sequence 5 of the Secrets Suppliant and Listener 
pathway? Hmm, among the six-member council in the City of 
Silver, there is a new elder who’s a Shepherd. Sun had mentioned 
that she’s strong enough to fight against a Sequence 4 expert, well 
—an evil spirit of the same grade... Klein’s expression changed 
slightly, but it was covered by the gray fog. Justice wasn’t paying 
any attention to him either. 


“Shepherd?” 


“Shepherd?” 


Justice and The Hanged Man asked in unison. One sounded 
completely confused while the other sounded shocked, as though 
they had heard the title of Shepherd elsewhere before and knew 
something about it, but didn’t understand the actual situation. 


Seeing that everyone was staring at him, Derrick suddenly 
panicked a little. No matter how quiet, depressed, and vexed he 
was, he was a boy after all. 


He hurriedly explained with a stammer, “What I meant was, the 
traits that The Hanged Man described were like the Beyonder 
power of the Sequence job, Shepherd. Every Shepherd can 
swallow another’s soul into their body, including wraiths and 
evil spirits. They control these souls to do their bidding with a 
unique method, which allows them to make use of their 
abilities, just like letting a god’s lambs out to graze. 


“Hence, no one knows how many powers a Shepherd has. That 
depends on how many Beyonder souls they have swallowed, and 
that makes them very scary. They’re almost like a High-Sequence 
Beyonder. 


“However, there are people who suspect that for Shepherds 
there’s a limit to the number of souls when Devouring and 
Grazing, and that the souls inside them could be replaced as 
well.” 


So that’s what being a Shepherd means... The Sequence pathway 
that the Aurora Order has in its control is enigmatic... No wonder 
they worship the True Creator, no, the Fallen Creator... Klein was 
suddenly enlightened, but he didn’t nod, taking on the 


appearance that he knew so long ago. 


Meanwhile, he sighed inwardly. Sun, you are a boy after all. This 
is very important information, very important insight. You 
could’ve exchanged it for valuable things, but you just revealed it 
all! Just like that... 


Yes, the ability demonstrated by the mystical item Creeping 
Hunger is similar to a Sequence 5 Shepherd... I wonder if other 
Sealed Artifacts have the same powers of Beyonders? I wonder 
which Sequence the Sealed Artifact 2-049, the Antigonus family’s 
puppet, resembles... 


After listening to Sun’s explanation, Alger seemed to have sorted 
out the puzzle in his mind as he nodded in silence. 


Audrey got even more curious and pressed, “Which Sequence 
pathway is Shepherd from? Which number is it?” 


“The Secrets Suppliant pathway, Sequence 5.” Klein seized the 
opportunity to answer so as to demonstrate that he knew 
everything. 


“Secrets Suppliant... Aurora Order...” Audrey suddenly recalled 
Mr. A, who was a suspected Oracle of the Aurora Order, and she 
immediately felt heavy-hearted. 


She started thinking seriously, thinking of what price she could 
pay in exchange for Mr. Fool to take action and rid off that 
disgusting fellow effortlessly. However, she couldn’t think of 
anything that would move Mr. Fool into doing so. 


As expected, a figure akin to a god wouldn’t be easily moved... 


There aren’t many things and matters that would garner their 
interest after all... Audrey sighed. 


Putting her impulse aside, she nodded to The Sun gratefully, 
thanking him for giving them a new perspective on Creeping 
Hunger, so that they could deal with it more reasonably and 
efficiently. 


“Mr. Hanged Man, I’m willing to accept the mission. But I can’t 
guarantee if I can find Vice Admiral Hurricane, Qilangos.” Audrey 
looked opposite her when she spoke. 


“There’s no better answer than this. Regardless of your success, 
as long as you try, I will definitely compensate you with things 
like secret information or intelligence. And if you succeed, 
maybe I could provide you the Telepathist’s main ingredients 
directly. Of course, the prerequisite is that we have to know what 
it is,” Alger promised generously, which was a rare sight. 


“Deal,” Audrey pursed her lips and replied with a faint smile. 


Then, Alger created Qilangos’ portrait with Klein’s permission 
and assistance. 


He was one of the seven major pirate admirals. He had a 
distinctive broad chin, brown hair tied into a bun at the back of 
his head like an ancient warrior, and green eyes that seemed to 
hint at laughter, but were abnormally cold.. 


After they finished their discussion and shared their insights, 
Klein smiled as he announced the ending of the Gathering. He 
saw Justice and The Hanged Man get up swiftly from their seats 
and bow while The Sun mimicked their motions, only slower. 


He pressed forward with his right hand and severed the 
connection, but he didn’t leave immediately. 


In the Berg household in the City of Silver. 


Derrick looked at his familiar surroundings and glanced outside 
at the dark sky that had flashes of lightning. He was 
momentarily thrown into a trance. 


But he soon jolted to his senses. He searched for goatskin and a 
quill before writing down the Bard formula he memorized. 


He looked at it several times and was finally certain that there 
was nothing wrong with it. 


Derrick wasn’t worried that possessing the Bard formula and 
becoming a different Beyonder would gain the suspicion of the 
upper echelons of the City of Silver. This was because in past 
exploratory expeditions, members of those elite troops would 
often collect some formulas, ingredients, and strange artifacts 
from the monsters in the abandoned and destroyed cities. 


During this process, it was normal that people kept some of the 
loot privately. As long as it didn’t involve anything too important, 
the captains and higher-ups would tacitly overlook it. 


Over time, some formulas started going around through non- 
official channels within the City of Silver. Some became the 
foundation of strong families from generation to generation. The 
Things of the Dark surrounding the City of Silver were relatively 
fixed. Some ingredients could be obtained easily while some 


could only be encountered if one went far into the cursed land. 


Putting aside the goatskin, Derrick recalled the mysterious Fool’s 
instructions. Hence, in his simple bedroom, he lowered his head 
and simply prayed, 


“The Fool that doesn’t belong to this era.” 


“The mysterious ruler above the gray fog.” 


“The King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck.” 


Jotun was a very ancient language. It came equipped with the 
mystical properties demanded by rituals, prayers, and spell 
casting; therefore, Derrick didn’t need to change the incantations 
into ancient Hermes. 


“The Fool that doesn’t belong to this era.” 


Klein, who was seated at the seat of honor at the long bronze 
table, suddenly heard prayers reverberating in his ears. He then 
saw the crimson star that corresponded to Sun blinking. 


He didn’t try to touch it, but planned to reply to him ten minutes 
before the next Gathering so that the City of Silver youth would 
make preparations to be alone. 


The most important part was for him to evade the conversion of 
time and date, to decrease the possibility of damaging Fool’s 
mighty image. 


After he confirmed that, Klein wrapped himself up with 
spirituality and stimulated a descent. 


Returning to his room, Klein removed the spirituality wall and 
took a break before he got ready to head out again. 


It wasn’t necessary for him to play the role of a Seer, and he 
didn’t have to fix his trip to the Divination Club into his daily 
schedule. He would only visit occasionally to make some extra 
pocket money and fulfill his supervision as a Nighthawk. 


Originally, Klein wanted to laze around through the entire 
afternoon, but he suddenly thought of something that he had yet 
to do. So, he had no choice but to gather himself up. According to 
his appointment, he had to pay Detective Henry a visit that day 
and accept the final report about the red chimney investigation. 


Sigh. I’ve heard that the big timers are all quite busy... I still have 
to spare some time to go to the Tingen Family Servant Assistance 
Association with Benson and Melissa to look for a good 
maidservant... Klein unwillingly changed his shirt, put on his 
black tuxedo, and held his silk top hat and silver-inlaid cane 
before walking out the door like a gentleman. 


At Besik Street, under Henry’s Private Detective Company, Klein 
put on a mask and lowered his hat as he went across the street 
quickly and entered the stairway. 


Chapter 147: Night Visitor 


In the office of the private investigator. 


“Sir, your request has been completed,” Detective Henry said to 
the gentleman in front of him with his hoarse voice. He heaved a 
sigh of relief. “This wasn’t an easy mission, nor was it too 
difficult, but it used up a great deal of our resources and energy. 
To be honest, I’m a little regretful. I regret setting too low a price 
for this mission.” 


No, no matter what you say, I will not pay a single penny more! 
Klein emphasized in his heart. He pointed at the thick stack of 
documents on the coffee table and asked, “Is this the 
investigation report?” 


“yes.” Henry pressed on the report that had at least sixty pages 
and sighed. “This is the most troublesome report that Ive 
completed...” 


He hadn't even finished his sentence when he saw Klein hand 
over four pounds in cash. His attention shifted to determining 
the authenticity of the notes. 


“This is the remainder of the fees.” Klein held the thick stack of 
notes. 


Henry coughed. 


“you sure are a gentleman that keeps to his word. Sigh. I didn’t 
expect the investigation report to use this many pieces of paper. 
It was completely out of my budget.” 


At that moment, Klein took the thick investigation report and 
stood up. 


He gave a slight bow and immediately made his way to the door 
with his cane in hand. 


Detective Henry’s last sentence was left stuck in his throat. 


Hey, how can you expect me to pay for the paper used in the 
investigation report? That should be included in the fees already! 
Klein touched the five pounds eight soli he had left and muttered 
in his heart. He walked quickly onto Besik Street. 


He surveyed the surroundings and confirmed that no one was 
paying attention to him before leaving the place. He found an 
opportunity to remove his mask. 


Klein didn’t intend to head home right away. He wanted to 
search for a cafe and organize the investigation report. He 
wanted to find the houses that had a change in tenants after 
divining the red chimney. He could then conduct his search 
before dinner. 


There were many cafes in the area, but none of them met Klein’s 
criteria. Ever since steam and machinery became the symbol of 
the times, more and more cafes had toned down on their decor 
and become something like cheap restaurants. They provided 
refreshments, coffee, bread, and dishes like pea and mutton 
stew to the busy workers. Thus, respectable ladies and 
gentlemen no longer went to cafes to discuss things. They no 
longer viewed these actions as being symbolic of their status. 
Various clubs started appearing and replaced cafes as a place for 
socializing. 


After some time, Klein finally found a cafe that had a decent 


atmosphere. 


He sat in a secluded corner and took a sip of his one-penny 
Southville Coffee before flipping open the investigation report. 


“In Tingen City’s North Borough, South Borough, East Borough, 
West Borough, Golden Indus, Harbor Borough, and University 
Borough, there are a total of 1179 buildings that have a dark red 
chimney... Along the outskirts of Tingen City, there are a total of 
546 buildings with the red chimney the requester described. This 
doesn’t include buildings in towns or villages that are relatively 
further away despite them falling under the jurisdiction of 
Tingen.” 


“Below are the addresses and tenant records of each of those 
buildings. As per the request, the activities within the last three 
months are recorded in more detail.” 


Klein flipped through page after page, occasionally making notes 
on paper he brought around with a fountain pen. 


Finally, when he found the type of red chimney he had seen, he 
realized that there was a change of tenants in twenty-five 
buildings. 


That’s not too many. I should try to finish my investigations 
within two days. After all, I’ve seen that red chimney and parts of 
the house in my dream. My spiritual sense would have a feeling of 
familiarity when I see those signs again. I'll confirm the target 
that way. In other words, I’m a living investigation machine... 
Klein nodded. He split the buildings based on their location and 
planned to investigate fifteen of them that day. 


He didn’t need to do a divination to get an answer if these 
investigations would prove dangerous. 


Since there was a change of tenants, that would mean that the 
mastermind behind the coincidences had already left! 


Let’s hope that the new tenants know what the previous tenants 
look like... But since the person behind the scenes can control my 
fate without anyone noticing, to the point of making the 
coincidences feel so natural, he would definitely have a way to 
remove any traces he might have left behind... Sigh, I can only 
pray to the Goddess and hope that he left behind some sort of 
clue... Klein sighed. He pumped himself up and put on his hat. 
He then grabbed his cane and the report before leaving the cafe. 


Klein spent two soli on a rented carriage and visited fifteen 
buildings with the red chimneys before dinner. Unfortunately, 
none of the buildings was the one he saw in his dream. 


It would be quite troublesome if tomorrow’s investigation yields 
the same result. He might still be living in the house with the red 
chimney even after I saw it in my divination. This could say that 
he is very confident and isn’t afraid of my investigation; in fact, he 
might not even be afraid of the Tingen Nighthawks. Or perhaps, he 
doesn’t know that he’s been exposed. That would mean that the 
power resisting my divination was a power not belonging to him... 
Klein stood in front of 2 Daffodil Street and analyzed the various 
possibilities. 


A few minutes later, he patted down his tuxedo and pressed on 
his hat before taking out his key and entering the house with a 
smile. 


He intended to prepare stewed mutton and honey glazed 
barbecue for Benson and Melissa that night. 


At eleven in the evening, the siblings bade each other goodnight 
and returned to their respective rooms. 


Klein closed the door to his room and stood before his desk. He 
looked outside the oriel window with the light of his gas lamp. 
At that moment, the streets were engulfed in darkness, with 
only a few street lamps illuminating the way. Stars dotted the 
screen that was the night sky. There were many stars, they were 
just not clearly visible. 


“I wonder what Backlund is like, with its titles of the Land of 
Hope and the Capital of Capitals...” Klein muttered to himself. He 
extended his hand to grab his curtain, intending to draw it. 


Woo! 


At that moment, a sinister wind blew at him without warning. 
The light from his lamp turned a dark green. 


Klein subconsciously took a few steps back. His occupational 
instincts made him tap his left molars twice. At the same time, 
he leaned toward the bed and tried to reach for his revolver 
under his pillow. 


In his vision, a face suddenly protruded from the wall above the 
desk and under the gas lamp. It was a translucent face without 
any eyes or nose. All it had was a mouth! 


“Do not fire.” The face with a mouth spoke. 


It can communicate? Klein already had his revolver in hand as 
he took aim. 


“What do you want?” he asked in a deep voice. 


The face chuckled. 


“Pm Daly.” 


Daly? Spirit Medium Daly? The Spirit Medium Daly who was sent 
to the Backlund diocese? Klein raised his brows in doubt. 


“Madam Daly?” 


“I know that this method of visiting you is a little rude. I 
should’ve given you a warning so you could make the necessary 
preparations. But it isn’t convenient for me to meet you right 
now, and so, I can only communicate with you using this little 
guy.” The translucent face laughed. 


Even though the voice is different and jarring, the manner of 
speech is indeed Madam Daly’s style. The abilities of a Spirit 
Medium sure are cool... Klein reflected wistfully. He didn’t lower 
his revolver as he asked, “Madam, what do you want to talk 
about with me?” 


“If I were you, I would first seal the bedroom with spirituality. 
Otherwise, your family members might think of you as crazy.” 
The translucent face quipped, “Heh heh, you need not be so 
cautious. I came back to Tingen in secret because of Dunn’s 
letter. You know that a Nighthawk cannot leave the area they 
are assigned to at will.” 


“The Captain’s letter?” Klein didn’t approach the desk. Instead, he 
felt for the Holy Night Powder he had in the hidden pocket of his 
black trench coat. 


“Dunn and I are both Beyonders that started with the Tingen 
Nighthawks. We have always maintained a good relationship. 
Last Thursday, yes, Thursday, he sent me a letter and mentioned 
you. He said that you emulated the maxim of a Mystery Pryer, 
came up with a set of rules for a Seer, and claimed that it was 
effective in helping you grasp your potion. From then on, you no 
longer hear sounds and see visions that you shouldn’t. Dunn 
said that it was similar to what I did. 


“Heh heh, are you not going to seal the room? I personally do not 
mind your brother and sister misunderstanding...” the 
translucent face said at an adequate pace. 


So that’s the reason... She’s indeed Madam Daly... Klein heaved a 
sigh of relief, pushing the Holy Night Powder back into the inner 
pocket. He then walked to the desk and took out the silver dagger 
he used for rituals from the drawer. 


He quickly built up a wall of spirituality before turning to the 
protruding face. 


“Madam Daly, what else did the Captain talk about in the letter?” 


“He only expressed his own confusion and said that he seemed 
to understand something*—*yet, he couldn’t describe it clearly. 
He hoped to get my opinion on the matter,” Daly said with the 
help of the face without eyes. “And when I read the letter this 
morning, I knew that you aren't as clueless as you pretend to be. 
Heh heh, Mr. Moretti, I think that you have deduced the ‘acting 
method!” 


“That’s the reason you came looking for me?” Klein neither 
confirmed nor denied her statement. 


Daly clearly knows about the “acting method”... He calmly made 
the judgment. 


Daly’s translucent face revealed a slight smile. 


“Yes.” 


“I believe that we should be honest with each other. I know that 
you have deduced the acting method, and you also know that I 
grasp the ‘acting method’ as well. Sigh. But what’s making me 
unhappy is that I used nearly two years to understand it*—*yet, 
you've only been a Beyonder for one and a half months.” 


Klein fell silent for a while after hearing Daly. He then smiled 
honestly. 


“That’s because I have you as my role model.” 


He wanted to say that he was “standing on the shoulders of 
giants,” but ultimately decided not to give Emperor Roselle a 
chance to appear in the conversation. 


Chapter 148: Messenger 


Klein’s reply made Daly chuckle. The translucent face with only 
a mouth said, “Even though you found inspiration through the 
maxim of the Mystery Pryers and confirmed your theories 
through my experience and performance, it only took you a 
month to understand the ‘acting method’ and come up with your 
own Seer principle. That shows that you possess outstanding 
wisdom and an open mind.” 


Klein didn’t engage in the topic which made him guilty, but 
instead asked in response, “Madam, do the higher-ups in the 
church know about this so-called ‘acting method?” 


“No doubt, they understand it very clearly. I once read through 
the historical information in the church and searched through 
stories of people ignoring the norms and advancing quickly. I 
realized that there were more than a few Nighthawks and 
bishops who have done so, I'm not the most unique one either. 
But their ending...” Daly intentionally paused, and she suddenly 
sounded heavy-hearted. 


“What kind of ending did they have?” Klein asked, feeling a tug 
at his heartstrings. 


Could it be that the Church of Evernight views the “acting method” 
as the seduction of some devil or evil god? 


The translucent face suddenly laughed. “Their endings were 
rather great. Besides the few who lost control or were sacrificed 
in Beyonder incidents, the rest of them have at least become 
archbishops or high-ranking deacons. Among them, there are 
also experts that have successfully become High-Sequence 
Beyonders. In the Church of the Goddess, Sequence 4’s and 


Sequence 3’s are called Saints, while Sequence 2’s and Sequence 
Ts are called Grounded Angels. Of course, every angel was once a 
Saint.” 


...Madam Daly, you deliberately tried to scare me earlier... the 
corner of Klein’s lips twitched before he asked, without hiding 
his suspicions, “Since the Church has mastered the ‘acting 
method,’ why didn’t they just tell every Nighthawk? Although it 
wouldn’t prevent every Nighthawk from losing control, it would 
definitely lower the probability and reduce unnecessary losses.” 


A sense of loss appeared on the translucent face. “I have no idea 
why either. They told me that when I become an archbishop or 
high-ranking deacon, I'll be able to know the secret. I came here 
today because I hope that you can tell Dunn about the ‘acting 
method’ more clearly before you hand in your special request.” 


Klein wasn’t stupid enough to ask why she couldn't do that 
herself; instead, he said thoughtfully, “Once noticed by the 
Church, one has to swear not to tell anyone about the ‘acting 
method?” 


“Yes, you must do it before the Goddess’s holy items and swear 
upon Her name. That holds enough binding force. Trust me, you 
definitely don’t want to know the outcome of a violation. I can 
only talk about it with people who have mastered the ‘acting 
method,’ like you. Your body language already gave me the 
answer before you replied; that’s why I dared to say the term.” 
Daly made the creepy face sigh. 


She paused for a moment before saying, “I only faintly grasped 
the essence of ‘acting’ back then and digested the potion very 
quickly. Yes, among the higher-ups in the Church, using the 
term ‘digesting’ to describe the control of the potion is very aptly 
worded. Anyway, before I made the pledge and found out about 
the ‘acting method,’ I had no clear understanding of it, so I 
couldn't accurately explain it to Dunn and the others. 


“I gave up at first. I never thought that I would meet you, an 
eccentric wonder that could clearly understand the ‘acting 
method’ before handing in a special application—no, a genius.” 


So that’s how you see me, Madam... the corner of Klein’s mouth 
twitched before he solemnly promised, “I originally intended to 
remind Captain about the existence of the ‘acting method’ 
through my special application. With your explanation, I don’t 
have to worry further.” 


“Very well, you’re such a kind lad.” Daly sounded relaxed. 


Madam, you’re only about two to three years older than me... 
Klein inwardly pointed out the error in her words. 


Without him speaking any further, the translucent creepy face 
continued, “If you have any problems or anything that you 
require assistance with, you can write a letter to me. Wait for 
me, heh heh. When I become an Archbishop or a high-ranking 
deacon which allows me to understand why the Church hides 
the ‘acting method,’ I'll give you a hint whether if it’s a good or 
bad thing. 


Klein was suddenly energized, and he asked without hesitation, 
“Madam, what’s your address?” 


To him, the more help he got, the merrier. Plus, she was a pretty 
strong Spirit Medium! 


Seeing that Klein didn’t oppose the idea at all, Daly remained 
silent for a while before she laughed. 


“Our communication shouldn’t go through the post office, as we 


would be using normal letters. That’s very dangerous. 


“Tll teach you a relatively easy ritualistic magic. You can use it to 
summon a special spirit, one that belongs to me. Pass the letter 
to it, and it'll send it precisely to me. It wouldn't be faster than a 
telegram, but it’s faster than a steam locomotive. If you were to 
send a message at noon, I would receive the message in 
Backlund that same night.” 


Klein listened to her with his full attention. He nodded faintly. “A 
very pragmatic ritualistic magic.” 


Daly chuckled. 


“The uniqueness of the ritualistic magic is to pray to yourself. 
Obtaining power from your own spirituality, without going 
through a god. Hence, it’s quite secretive, but it isn’t very 
powerful. 


“First, you select a herb and essential oil in the corresponding 
domain. This is no different than normal ritualistic magic. 
However, you only need the candle that represents yourself. 
Then, regarding the spell, there are three parts. The first part is 
‘I. Shout ‘T in either ancient Hermes, Jotun, Dragonish, or Elvish. 
The second part is ‘I summon in my name.’ That part can be said 
in Hermes. The third part is the exact description of the 
summoning object. For instance, you would use this in the 
future: ‘the spirit that wanders about the unfounded, the higher- 
dimensional creature that a human orders, the messenger that 
belongs to Daly Simone.” 


Higher-dimensional? In mysticism, this is normally referred to as 
the spirit world... Klein memorized as he analyzed the ritual 
procedure. 


In that aspect, he could barely be considered an expert. 


The benefit of this kind of ritualistic magic is that it avoids calling 
upon a god but relies purely on a person’s power. It achieves 
various magical effects without the constraints imposed by a god’s 
specialized domain. The problem lies in the strength of a person. A 
weak result for the weak, and a strong result for the strong... 
Klein felt that he had once again obtained new mysticism 
knowledge that he would’ve never come into contact with at his 
current Sequence. 


Daly repeated the description a few times and emphasized 
solemnly, “Remember, don’t change the actual description of the 
summoning object, or the ritual could easily attract a terrifying 
monster.” 


“Okay.” Klein nodded honestly. 


At the same time, he suddenly thought of something. 


If I were to change the description of the summoning object to “The 
Fool that doesn’t belong to this era, the mysterious ruler above the 
gray fog; the King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck,” what 
would be summoned? 


Would it be utterly useless, or would the gray fog suddenly 
descend, or would I need to respond in that mysterious space? 


Would this help me in stirring more power from the world above 
the gray fog? 


Would it cause a terrifying chain effect? 


Klein still felt traces of the fear after his experimentation with 
the Mutated Sun Sacred Emblem. In the end, he followed his 
intent and planned to divine above the gray fog before deciding 
whether he should make the attempt or not. 


He contemplated and asked out of interest, “Madam, if one were 
to strictly practice the ‘acting method,’ how long does it take to 
go from Sequence 8 to Sequence 7, and how long from Sequence 7 
to Sequence 62” 


“According to the information that I’ve read, it varies from three 
months to two years for Sequence 8 to Sequence 7. It depends on 
whether you can grasp the core spirit and corresponding 
principle during the ‘acting’ process. From Sequence 7 to 
Sequence 6, it varies from half a year to three years; likewise for 
Sequence 6 to Sequence 5. As for Sequence 5 to Sequence 4, three 
to twenty years...” Daly described roughly. 


Klein suddenly smiled. 


“So Madam, are you already at Sequence 6?” 


He heard from Dunn that Daly used a year’s time from Sequence 
9 Corpse Collector to Sequence 8 Gravedigger. Then, from 
Gravedigger to Sequence 7 Spirit Medium, she used another year. 
She had been a Beyonder for five years. In other words, Daly was 
at the Spirit Medium stage for about three years. 


“yes, that’s the reason why I was transferred to Backlund 
diocese,” the creepy translucent face answered frankly. “My 
current occupation is a Spirit Guide. However, I prefer the name 
Spirit Medium. Alright, this little guy is getting tired. I have to go. 
Under such circumstances, I won’t be saying ‘may the Goddess 
bless you.” 


“Sweet dreams.” Klein pressed his chest, smiled, and bowed. 


“No, there won't be any sweet dreams tonight. I have to rush 
back to Backlund. This isn’t a happy experience, it’s like having a 
relationship with someone you don’t like...” Daly’s voice grew 
softer, and the translucent face with no eyes or nose slowly 
shrank back into the wall without leaving behind any traces. 


The gas lamp light suddenly became bright and the gloominess 
vanished into thin air. 


Klein, who had his Spirit Vision activated the entire time, 
watched the changes in a daze. It took him a while to snap back 
to reality. 


“Spirit Medium—no, Spirit Guide is very impressive. It can 
actually conjure a ‘messenger.’ I wonder what’s the specialty of 
my Sequence 7 and Sequence 6?” he muttered to himself. Then, 
he quickly dispelled the spiritual wall, switched off the gas lamp 
in his bedroom, and silently lay down in the darkness. 


He didn’t plan to head to the world above the gray fog that night, 
just in case Daly suddenly returned and said Dunn Smith’s 
classic words, “Oh yeah, I forgot one thing.” 


When that happens, I wouldn’t even be able to silence her with 
death! 


On the second day, Klein arrived at the Blackthorn Security 
Company three minutes early. 


“Good morning, Klein. The new clerk is here!” Rozanne greeted 
with a splendid smile. 


Klein felt sincerely happy for her. 


“Congratulations, Rozanne. The Goddess heard your prayers.” 


“My skin shall be back to perfect condition!” Rozanne nodded, 
her eyes beaming with joy. 


After they chatted for a while, Klein walked through the partition 
and knocked on the door to the Captain’s office. 


“Please come in.” Dunn’s mellow voice sounded. 


Klein pushed open the door to enter. He saw his Captain sit up 
instinctively as his gray eyes turned dark. It was as though he 
was prepared for trouble. 


Ahem. Klein cleared his throat, set aside his hat and cane, then 
sat down. “Captain, I have something that Id like to report.” 


“What is it?” Dunn asked in a deep voice, his arms crossed. 


Chapter 149: Direct Hint 


Klein looked at the serious Dunn Smith and smiled suddenly. 
“Captain, I understood something yesterday.” 


“And what is that?” Dunn repeated the question in a serious 
tone. He leaned back and unfolded his crossed arms. 


Klein recalled the script that he had prepared. 


“AS I was concluding my past experiences, I realized that the 
names of Sequence potions encompass a whole set of principles 
that can help us gain control over them, a set of principles that 
allow us to avoid the negative impacts. When we're doing things 
according to these set of principles, we seem to become a 
member of the corresponding job. 


“Similarly, these sets of principles are hidden. They aren’t made 
known to you directly. All we can do is make conclusions from 
the corresponding job bit by bit, then adjust our understanding 
based on the different feedback we receive. 


“Thus, when I became a real Seer at the Divination Club and 
obtained my set of principles for the Seer, the auditory and 
visual illusions that plagued me just vanished. 


“That is what I understood.” 


After finishing his narration, Klein heaved a sigh to himself. He 
said everything he needed to say, other than explicitly 


mentioning the term ‘acting.’ 


Sigh, let’s hope that the Captain doesn’t tell the Church that I’ve 
already developed such ideas when he is asked. That would place 
much more attention on me... There’s also the factor of the 
relationship between the Seer pathway and the Antigonus family. 
That might cause trouble eventually. But the Captain has also 
experienced all kinds of situations, and he’s an experienced and 
smart person. Once he understands the “acting method,” he’ll 
definitely notice that the Church is hiding relevant information. 
He’ll know what he should say and what he shouldn't... Klein had 
many complicated thoughts. 


But he quickly made a decision and had a plan. 


If the Captain was still unable to understand the “acting method” 
or sense of the cover-up by the Church, then I’ll tell him straight 
up before submitting the special application! 


Yes, I'll probe him first and determine what he knows... 


Dunn listened to Klein’s description in silence, his gray eyes 
becoming even deeper. 


He was silent for nearly twenty seconds as he rubbed his 
temples before he picked up his pipe and took a whiff. 


After sniffing it, he took out a matchbox, seemingly forgetting 
about the rules of the Nighthawks. 


The white smoke billowed into the air as Dunn closed his eyes, 
seemingly appreciating the smell of tobacco. 


After a while, he opened his eyes and smiled at Klein. 


“Tm sorry, I forgot that you don’t smoke.” 


“Smoking is bad for your health,” Klein answered in all 
seriousness. 


Dunn thought with his pipe in his hand. 


“I seem to have understood something too.” 


No Captain, you don’t understand anything! Just don’t loiter in 
my dreams too often! Klein didn’t speak and instead, gave a 
friendly smile. 


“Perhaps it won't be too long before you submit the special 
application to me...” Dunn said to Klein, half-jokingly as he took 
a deep puff of the mint and tobacco. 


Can I submit it tomorrow? Klein replied inwardly. He took out his 
pocket watch and looked at the time. 


“Captain, I have be at Old Neil’s. Today’s mysticism lessons are 
starting soon.” 


“Alright.” Dunn watched Klein leave, his pipe still in his hand. 


After closing the door to the Captain’s office, Klein made his way 
towards the steps leading to the basement in high spirits. He 
saw two strangers, a male and a female, when he walked past 
the clerk’s office. 


The new clerks... Klein’s mind wondered before he added 
inwardly, In another two days, definitely within this week, I'll 
submit my application to Captain! 


Then I’ll pass a series of inspections and become a Sequence 8 
Clown! 


Along the silent underground passage, Klein turned to the 
armory and pushed the guard room door open. 


“What happened to you?” Klein had a shock when he saw Old 
Neil. 


Old Neil looked dispirited, his face was pale. He yawned 
constantly as he said, “I’ve been a little constipated lately. I tried 
ritualistic magic that can solve such problems last night. In the 
end... I didn’t sleep well the entire night. I had to head to the 
bathroom multiple times, and in the end, and I nearly fell asleep 
on the toilet bowl.” 


Well, the problem of constipation has been solved... Klein nearly 
laughed, seeing that it wasn’t a serious problem. 


But he controlled himself. He asked, “Are you feeling better 
now?” 


At the same time, his concern made him tap his left molar 
twice. He used his Spirit Vision to observe the aura of Old Neil’s 
health. 


There are some darkness and impurities in the digestive system’s 
yellow and the kidney’s orange colors, but it’s nothing too serious 
and is within an acceptable range... Klein heaved a sigh of relief. 


“lm fine now. I got some medicine for the diarrhea from Frye.” 
Old Neil yawned like a drug addict. “Self-study for today’s 
supernatural lesson. There’s only two or three days left of 
content anyway.” 


“Alright,” Klein responded politely. “I could help you guard the 
armory and study here. How about you go rest in the break 
room?” 


Old Neil immediately straightened his back, his eyes glimmering 
as he answered, “Lad, you surely are the kindest Nighthawk, 
second to Frye! 


“Tll hand the armory over to you!” 


He picked up the cushion he had placed on his knees and rushed 
out of the guard room like a typhoon, leaving Klein the only 
person there, dazed. 


The Blackthorn Security Company accepted an extra mission in 
the morning. The task involved escorting a rich merchant to the 
harbor for a deal. Leonard and Kenley completed it easily, 
earning themselves some extra pay, much to the envy of Klein. 


He went about his day, learning about mysticism, practicing his 
shooting, and getting tortured by Instructor Gawain who seemed 
to have been agitated by something. 


Huff, huff... Klein gasped for air. He only regained the ability to 
take a shower and change after quite some time. 


He continued toiling after leaving Gawain’s house. He spent two 
soli on a carriage and investigated the other ten houses with red 
chimneys. 


Klein’s expression became very grave when the last house with 
the red chimney left his field of vision. 


The house with the red chimney that I saw in my divination isn’t 
in the list of houses with a recent change in tenants... If that’s the 
case, this has just become troublesome. I wonder how much time I 
would need to investigate about 1600 houses... Sigh. I can’t ask for 
any help to do something like this. After all, only I would have the 
sense of familiarity from my spirituality when I see the target... 


Don’t be discouraged, don’t give up. I'll continue the investigation 
whenever I have free time. Ill try to complete it within three 
months, no—two months! Who knows, the target might be found 
in tomorrow’s investigation! 


And, I'll organize the material when I get back and plan a route 
according to the distance of the sectors! 


Klein motivated himself, banishing his feelings of depression. 


Now that he had made a decision, he planned to instruct the 
driver to turn toward Daffodil Street. However, he suddenly 
realized that he was somewhere close to where Mr. Azik stayed. 


Before Mr. Azik went for his holiday, he did write to tell me that he 
would be back sometime this week, but he didn’t specify the exact 


date. Since it’s on the way, Ill leave a note for him. Also, I rented 
this carriage for an hour with two soli, and the time’s almost up 
anyway. I'll just stop at Mr. Azik’s house, then take a public 
carriage back... Klein quickly made a decision. 


Four minutes later, he alighted from the carriage and arrived 
outside Mr. Azik’s house. 


The houses here were obviously of higher quality than those at 
Daffodil Street, but not as good as those on Howes Street. There 
was a patch of grass in front of the house, and a small garden in 
the back. 


Ding! Ding! Ding! 


Klein pulled on the rope outside the door and sounded the bell 
within the house. 


A few moments later, he heard footsteps from inside before the 
door swung open. 


Azik’s mild facial features and bronze skin appeared before Klein. 
Since he was at home, he was only dressed in a simple white 
shirt, a brown vest, and matching pants. 


“Klein? I was just about to write to you,” Azik greeted 
enthusiastically. “I just arrived home last night.” 


Klein stared at the small mole near Azik’s right ear. 


“Mr. Azik, I found a clue to your past.” 


“Really?” Azik instantly became excited. The sadness he had in 
his eyes dulled. 


“Let’s talk inside.” Klein looked around. 


Azik quickly nodded. He moved to the side and allowed Klein 
entry. 


He locked the door and guided Klein to the living room on the 
first floor. They sat on the soft sofa. 


“What clues did you find?” he asked impatiently. 


Having not expected to meet Mr. Azik today, Klein organized his 
words. 


“I received a mission recently and had to deal with a wraith in 
Lamud Town.” 


“Lamud...” Azik repeated the term softly, his eyebrows creasing. 


Klein observed his expression and slowed down his tone. 


“In the process of dealing with the wraith, we discovered 
something and thus conducted an investigation within the 
town... 


“A resident of the town was in possession of a portrait of the first 
Baron Lamud which he tried to sell me. I asked to view the 
portrait out of curiosity and discovered that the person drawn 
had facial features that resembled yours, other than the hair. He 


even had the same mole near the ear, similar position, similar 
size. 


“Under my interrogation, the man told me that the portrait was 
about forty years old, but the person in the portrait definitely 
came from the abandoned castle. It was a replica of the ancient 
portrait excavated from the castle. 


“you should know that people like us with unique abilities can 
more or less tell if somebody is lying. This told me that the man 
wasn't lying.” 


Azik leaned forward as he listened to Klein. He crossed his arms 
and remained silent for a while. 


Five minutes later, he exhaled. 


“your description didn’t make me recall anything. Perhaps, I 
should visit the abandoned castle myself. Can you take me 
there?” 


“That would be my honor,” Klein replied. “But I have to head 
home first. I don’t want my siblings to worry.” 


“No problem.” Azik stood up. 


Chapter 150: Azik’s Discovery 


2 Daffodil Street. Klein nodded at Azik and briskly walked to the 
door of his house, fished out his keys, and opened the door. 


Melissa was already home, so she heard the click of the door 
lock and quickly came out of the kitchen and into the living 
room. 


Upon seeing Klein, she said with eyes beaming with joy, “I 
bought groceries. There’s chicken, potatoes, onions, fish, turnips, 
and peas. I even bought a small jar of honey.” 


Sis, are you also getting used to the occasional luxury? Klein 
chuckled. 


“you'll have to prepare dinner tonight. Count me out for I'll be out 
of town. I might not return until dawn. Yea, I’m doing a favor for 
Mr. Azik, a teacher from the Khoy University’s Department of 
History.” 


As he spoke, he turned sideways and pointed at the carriage that 
was waiting outside. 


Melissa’s lips opened and closed twice, before she pursed them 
and said, “Alright.” 


Klein bade his sister farewell and left. He got into the rented 
carriage that Azik had hired and traveled two hours and forty 
minutes to Lamud Town. 


It was almost nine at that point. The sky was dark, and they 
could only rely on the crimson moonlight and the twinkling 
starlight that penetrated the clouds to illuminate the areas 
without street lamps. 


After he instructed the driver to wait in town, Klein led Azik 
towards the ancient abandoned castle. 


As they walked, he realized that Azik was walking faster, to the 
point of him having to break out into a small jog to keep up. In 
the end, it was Azik who led the way. 


Klein wanted to say something initially, but cleverly swallowed 
his words when he saw Azik’s solemn expression and tightly 
pursed lips. 


With such speed, they quickly arrived at the ancient castle. 


The castle which was almost a wreckage extended itself in all 
four directions while its spire looked desolate, wild, eerie, and 
dark. 


Azik looked at the ancient castle and slowed down his footsteps. 


He stopped there and his gaze looked profound but lost, as 
though he was hovering between dreams and reality. 


Suddenly, he groaned in pain, lifting his hand to pinch his 
forehead while his muscles looked distorted with agony. 


“Mr. Azik, are you okay?” Klein asked carefully as he activated 
his Spirit Vision. 


When they were onboard the hired carriage, making their way 
from Daffodil Street to Lamud Town, he had done a quick 
divination by flipping a coin to see if there would be any danger 
on their trip. 


But he believed that divination wasn’t all-powerful, and he kept 
his guard up to prevent any misinterpretation on his part. Plus, 
Azik was quite mysterious. No one knew about his past, and it 
was uncertain how he would respond if he were to be stimulated 
by an encounter with his past. Caution and worry had 
accompanied Klein throughout the trip. 


Azik didn’t reply immediately but took another two steps 
forward with a pained expression. He relaxed the hand that was 
holding his forehead. He then pointed forward with a dreamy 
tone. 


“Tve seen this ancient castle before in my dream. 


“Back then, it was still complete with a robust outer wall and a 
high spire. 


“I remember that there was a stable there, a water well there, 
and a barracks there. Over there was a garden that was used to 
plant potatoes and sweet potatoes... 


“I remember there was a training field. My child, he was a boy. 
He was only about seven or eight years old, but he enjoyed 
running around while dragging a broadsword that was taller 
than him. He said that he wanted to become a knight when he 
grOWS Up... 


“My wife always complained about it being too gloomy in the 
castle. She liked the sunlight, the warmth...” 


Klein looked at the color of his energy field, and what the man 
said made his scalp tingle. He was also slightly touched, as 
though he was experiencing a paranormal story himself. 


The ancient castle is really related to Mr. Azik... Could he really be 
the first generation Baron Lamud, a transcendental creature that 
has lived for fourteen hundred years? Is he a human or an evil 
spirit? No way, there are no such things as evil spirits running 
around under broad daylight and getting involved with the 
Nighthawks... Klein couldn’t help with his thoughts and allowed 
them to clash against each other to ignite more ideas. 


Just then, Azik stopped muttering and took huge strides through 
the main gate. 


He walked all the way into the castle without Klein’s guidance. 
He found the hidden gear with obvious familiarity and opened 
the secret door to enter the basement. 


Gripping his cane tightly, Klein followed behind Azik. They 
walked down along the stairs and returned to the place where 
there was a coffin. 


Unlike the previous time, the coffin was closed and the warm 
and pure feeling was gone. 


The coffin is closed... It must’ve been Frye. It’s his work ethic as a 
Corpse Collector... Klein nodded thoughtfully and watched the 
conflicted Azik walk in front of the coffin with his Spirit Vision. 


Azik extended his hands to push the coffin lid until there was a 


gap. 


He gazed at the skeleton without a skull for a long time, and he 
suddenly wailed in pain and sorrow. 


Azik lurched backwards with heavy footsteps. He staggered and 
fell against the wall before Klein managed to respond. 


He covered his face with his hands and sat there dispirited. The 
surroundings suddenly became even darker. 


Klein quickened his pace and extended his hands, but he 
retracted them again, not daring to disturb the man. 


Just then, his spiritual perception told him that the current Mr. 
Azik was very scary, so scary that the basement grew gloomy 
and terrifying. 


Klein slowly moved closer to the stairs. 


He trusted Mr. Azik’s character, but he was afraid that the man 
would lose control. 


In such an uneasy situation, he waited for a few more minutes. 
Then, he finally saw Azik lower his hands and stand up slowly. 


Mr. Azik seems to have changed... This is what my spiritual 
perception tell me... But in my Spirit Vision, his aura colors don’t 
have any obvious changes. His emotions are in low spirits, 
depressed and pained as before... Klein made a quick judgment 
and felt that Azik had become gloomier and more imposing. 


“I recalled something, but it’s very minor.” Azik spoke with an 
emotionless tone. 


Then, he looked around and said, “I sense the power that made 
your fate disharmonious.” 


“Huh?” Klein was stunned. Pleasantly surprised, he asked in 
reply, “Can you trace the source?” 


The person behind the scene who stayed in the red chimney 
house created coincidences in secret and came to Lamud’s 
ancient castle to take away the black armored knight’s head? 


What is he trying to do? What is his true intention? 


“Its been too long, but, I'd like to try.” There seemed to be a 
volcano that was close to erupting within Azik’s deep voice. 


“How?” Klein asked curiously. 


Azik walked before the coffin and gazed upon the skeleton inside 
it. 


“He took my child’s skull. I want to find him through a blood 
connection.” 


Your child? Mr. Azik, are you sure the black armored knight is 
your child? So you really are an antique... You really lost your 
memory after such a long time? This is the price you have to pay 
in order to obtain such longevity? Klein took a silent breath, 
feeling the odd sensation of interacting with a legendary creature. 


Then, Azik extended his right hand and suddenly cut his index 
finger with his thumbnail. 


A drop of fresh red blood accurately dripped onto the white 
skeleton. 


It quickly seeped into the skeleton, and the entire skeleton 
suddenly turned blood-red. 


Wah! Wah! Wah! Klein suddenly heard the sound of a baby 
crying and felt that there was someone staring at him from 
behind. 


He drew his revolver and pointed behind him before turning 
around slowly. However, there was nothing in sight. Nothing 
existed behind him. 


Even the stairway that connected to the ground floor was gone! 


Wah! Wah! 


The sound of a baby crying drilled into Klein’s ears, and when he 
looked towards the coffin again, he was shocked to see that 
there were many shapeless and distorted faces rising amidst 
billowing black fog. Then, they manifested a strange door. 


Creak! 


The illusory door opened and palish-white arms extended out, 
one after another, but they vanished into the black fog before 
Azik. 


Through the crack that the door opened, Klein saw a white skull. 
It was thrown underneath a brown tree and reduced to powder 
as a result of the elements. 


Creak! 


Countless palish-white arms were sliced off by the door that 
suddenly slammed shut as they fell onto the ground. 


Then, Klein heard a long sigh, Mr. Azik’s heavy sigh, a sigh that 
seemed to have a rich history behind it. 


Along with the sigh, the black fog dispersed and the sound of a 
baby crying ceased. Everything returned to its original state, 
except for the accentuated chill. 


Klein clenched his chattering teeth and looked into the coffin. He 
saw that the red skeleton had returned to its original, crystal- 
clear white. 


“lm sorry. I couldn’t find him...” Azik said in a deep voice, his 
back to Klein. 


At the same time, he closed the coffin. 


“It’s not surprising that we couldn’t find him. It would’ve been a 
surprise if we could,” Klein comforted him. 


Anyway, I’ve been disappointed many times regarding this 
matter... he added in his head. 


Azik took another glance at the coffin before him. He turned 
around slowly and said, “Ill continue investigating and I hope 
that I can have your assistance.” 


“No problem. This is exactly what I wanted to do.” Klein held 
back his urge to tell Azik about the red chimney. 


Because it was useless to bring it up. He could only rely on 
himself to confirm his target. 


However, that solved one of his major problems, which was how 
he should involve the Nighthawks after he found the red 
chimney house. He didn’t believe that he could take out such a 
mysterious and scary puppet master alone. 


Now, he could ask for Mr. Azik’s help! 


Azik widened his mouth, but didn’t say anything in the end. All 
he did was sigh and walk towards the stairway quietly. 


After leaving the basement and closing the secret door, the two 
of them walked along the road covered with weeds and 
brambles. Neither one of them spoke as they walked back from 
the abandoned ancient castle. 


In the dark night, Azik suddenly said, “Until this matter is 
resolved, I will quit my job and leave Tingen, to look for my lost 
past.” 


“Mr. Azik, did you find out what happened to you?” Klein asked, 
having failed to hide his curiosity. 


Chapter 151: Klein’s Rerquest 


The chirping of insects and the hooting of owls reverberated 
along the path back to the small town. Azik looked ahead and 
said after a few seconds of silence, “Even though I’m not entirely 
sure what happened to me, I do have a rough idea. 


“Perhaps—perhaps ’m someone who has lived for a very, very 
long time.” 


Mr. Azik, you have to seriously consider if you still fit the 
definition of “someone”... Klein thought to himself, but he didn’t 
dare to say it out loud. 


“This wilderness, this silence, often makes one weak... 


“I should’ve paid some sort of price in exchange for this long life. 
I've lived since the end of the Fourth Epoch, like a wandering 
spirit across the continent...” Azik’s voice deepened, as if he was 
trying to suppress his emotions. “I don’t remember the past. I’ve 
forgotten about the people and things that I’ve sworn to 
remember...” 


Klein poked at the weeds in front of him and said, in thought, 
“Mr. Azik, I have a theory regarding your situation.” 


“What theory?” Azik looked to the side. 


“I think that there’s a cycle to your memory loss. Perhaps you 
‘die’ once every few decades, and your memories of the events 
before that vanishes. Then, after some time, you wake up from 
the darkness of your slumber and begin a new phase of life. This 


Way, we can explain why you would have such varied dreams. 
Those are events that you came across over your several lives,” 
Klein described his theory. 


Azik slowed down his pace, as if the darkness had grabbed onto 
his sleeve. He looked ahead with a turbid look before saying after 
a while, “That is consistent with the memories that were jolted 
awake just now.” 


Memories that were jolted awake? Klein had an idea as he said 
immediately, “Mr. Azik, you might not have to leave Tingen to 
search for your lost past. You'll regain your memories slowly!” 


“Why?” Azik turned his head in surprise. 


Klein smiled and said, “Your memories aren’t completely gone. 
The parts of your memory that jolted awake just now are proof 
of that. 


“Furthermore, do you remember the moment you woke up in 
Backlund and discovered that you had forgotten all about the 
past?” 


Azik nodded. “That’s a nightmare that bothers me till this day.” 


Klein tapped downwards with his black cane and explained in 
detail, “Before today, I didn’t think that there was a problem with 
that. But your description just now, together with my own 
conjecture, makes it feel a little weird. You had a document of 
identification and enough money when you woke up from your 
dream. You also appeared in a way that didn’t startle anyone... 
All of that seems like it was arranged for you, allowing you to fit 
into society with little effort. 


“Then, who made the arrangements? 


“There is only one answer; the you from the past! 


“The past you regained his memories and knew that you would 
have to usher in a new life. Thus, he prepared everything for you, 
trying his best to not let you attract suspicion from anyone else.” 


Azik stopped walking. He looked at the specks of light coming 
from the town, once again slipped into silence. 


“Perhaps the ‘parents’ that I’ve been searching for were the past 
me all along...” He sighed, admitting that Klein’s deduction was 
very plausible. 


“Thus, you don’t need to do anything. All you have to do is 
patiently wait for your memories to come back to you,” Klein 
concluded and consoled Mr. Azik. 


Azik subconsciously waved his cane before he turned still, like a 
sculpture carved out of marble. 


After a long time, he looked into the distance and answered, 
“Perhaps—perhaps Ill only fully regain my memory when this 
life is nearing its end. I don’t want to wait that long. I want to 
have plenty of time to understand and free myself from this 
destiny. So I have to be more proactive in searching for my past, 
to trigger my memories a little at a time. I have to get my 
memories back before the time you hypothesized. Waiting would 
only make me repeat the cycle.” 


“Indeed that’s the choice worth looking forward to the most.” 
Klein didn’t advise against it. Instead, he asked, “Mr. Azik, may I 


ask for your help in something trivial, other than finding the 
criminal that took the skull of your child and made my fate 
disharmonious?” 


Azik nodded slightly. 


“What do you need me to do?” 


Klein organized his words and said, “I hope that you can head to 
a town between two and five hours away from Tingen by 
carriage next week, or the week after. I need you to cause a 
paranormal incident, something that wouldn’t harm anyone. 
Judging from how you tried to search for the criminal using your 
bloodline’s connection, I would think that you are fairly adept in 
the field of dead souls.” 


“No problem,” Azik promised without any hesitation. He didn’t 
ask Klein why he wanted him to do something like that. 


At the same time, he had tacitly confirmed Klein’s conjecture 
about his powers. 


“Thank you. This is very important to me. Also, you can only 
choose a follower of the Evernight Goddess when you are picking 
a target. Also, don’t leave any clues behind,” Klein instructed. 


Only through this method could the incident be relayed to the 
Tingen Nighthawks. Only then could he join the team on the 
mission and suggest using Sealed Artifact 3-0782. Only then 
could he extract the divine blood from the Sealed Artifact to 
create Flaring Sun Charms! 


That was the most powerful item he could obtain at the 


moment. 


Under the assumption that the culprit living in the house with 
the red chimney hasn’t left Tingen, and that Klein was going to 
continue investigating, he had to try his best to become more 
powerful! 


Yes, according to the information I obtained, stealing a little of its 
powers wouldn’t damage 3-0782. At the very most, the expiry of its 
purifying powers will be slightly reduced... This is for the safety 
and stability of Tingen City! Klein inwardly tried to justify his 
actions. 


Azik didn’t care about his motives. He nodded. 


“IT will tell you the name of the town and the estimated time 
beforehand so you can prepare yourself.” 


Phew... Klein heaved a sigh of relief. He felt that this trip to 
Lamud Town wasn’t a wasted trip. 


Even though they only managed to peel back the outermost layer 
of the mysteries surrounding Mr. Azik and had much more to 
find out, he had at least managed to gain the friendship of Azik, 
a reliable ally in his search for the culprit behind the scenes! 


At half past eleven that night, Klein returned to 2 Daffodil Street, 
hungry and tired. 


“To think that Mr. Azik didn’t treat me to dinner... Sigh. He 


wouldn’t have been in the mood to enjoy dinner anyway,” Klein 
muttered as he opened the door. 


The house wasn’t as dark as he had anticipated. An elegant gas 
lamp was silently emitting its light, warmly illuminating the 
living room. Benson was sitting alone on the sofa with a book, 
draped under a bright “coat.” 


When he saw the door open, Benson was just about to speak 
when he yawned. He had no choice but to cover his mouth. 


Klein closed the door and smiled, quipping, “I went to Lamud 
Town with Mr. Azik. There’s an abandoned castle with a long 
history over there.” 


Benson was immediately enlightened as he laughed. 


“A moonless night, a castle abandoned for a millennia, a cold 
and creepy environment, coupled with a two-man 
archaeological team... This is the perfect recipe for the opening 
of a paranormal novel.” 


What happened today could be classified as paranormal... Klein 
suddenly recalled the strange door Mr. Azik conjured and the 
cries of a baby. He said, a lingering fear still gripping onto him, 
“It did feel a bit like that back there.” 


Benson yawned again before shutting his book and said, “I need 
sleep. Ever since I began studying and reading classical 
literature, the quality of my sleep has become especially good.” 


Klein laughed to himself, suddenly recalling something Miss 
Justice had mentioned. He said, lowering his voice, “Benson, you 


know that my company has connections with the Awwa County 
Police. I recently heard news from Backlund that the King, Prime 
Minister, other ministers and Members of Parliament are all 
sick of an inefficient government. They want to push for a 
reform and select talents to take on positions in the government 
based on an open examination, just like the entrance 
examinations of universities.” 


Benson was at a loss at first, then his eyes sparkled as he asked, 
“An open examination?” 


“yes. As long as you pass the examination, you could become a 
civil servant in one of the branches of the government. My 
guess, yes—my guess is that the contents of the examination 
will be modeled after the entrance exams of the universities: 
literature, the classics, math and logic, as well as a basic 
understanding of the law...” Klein used this opportunity to 
include his opinion. He continued, “Benson, this must be kept 
confidential, and don’t put too much hope on this. No one knows 
if this will be passed by the House of Lords and House of 
Commons or not.” 


“Tll keep it in mind. I understand that all I need to do is study 
hard.” Benson smiled, then said, “I'd study hard whether this 
change happens or not. I'll try my best to free myself from my 
current circumstance and find a better job. Learning—that’s the 
greatest difference between a human and a curly-haired 
baboon.” 


No, research suggests that baboons have decent IQ levels, and a 
certain level of learning abilities... Klein lampooned silently and 
looked on as Benson headed to the second floor. 


After that, he smiled and rubbed his stomach as he walked 
toward the kitchen. 


He found the leftovers and the chicken Benson and Melissa left 
him especially. Klein relaxed as he started preparing his late 
dinner. 


It was deep into the night now, and most people had already 
gone to bed. He was the only one still awake, breathing in the 
cool air with mixed aromas and making slight movements. 


Everything was peaceful and serene. 


After he was satiated, he washed the dishes and took a bath. 
Finally, Klein returned to his room and locked the door. 


He yawned but kept himself awake. He took out the silver dagger 
used for rituals and sealed the room with a wall of spirituality. 


He wanted to divine above the gray fog whether summoning 
“The Fool that doesn’t belong to this era” was dangerous or not! 


Chapter 152: Nice Attempt 


The gray fog filled the air in its eternally unchanging manner as 
the illusory crimson stars hung around him at varying 
distances. Klein sat inside the lofty palace that looked like the 
home of a giant as he looked at the familiar sight before him. 


After a few seconds, he looked away and made a yellowish- 
brown goatskin appear before him. Then, he lifted a pen to write 
his amended incantation for the summoning ritual. 


“Light a candle to represent myself. 
“Use a spiritual wall to create a holy environment. 


“Drip a drop of Full Moon Essence Oil in the flame, Chamomile 
Pure Dew, Slumber Flower Powder, and other ingredients. (Note: 
There’s no need to be too particular in this step because it’s 
summoning oneself). 


“Recite the incantation below. 


“I! (In ancient Hermes, Jotun, Dragonese, or Elfish. It must be a 
deep shout) 


“I summon in my name (Hermes), 


“The Fool that doesn’t belong to this era, the mysterious ruler 
above the gray fog; the King of Yellow and Black who wields good 
luck.” 


After scrutinizing it three times, Klein wrote a divination 
statement at the bottom: 


“There will be danger if the ritual above is carried out outside of 
this world.” 


Phew. He let out a breath, put down the pen, took out the silver 
chain in his sleeve, and held it with his left hand. 


The topaz pendant hung above the goatskin steadily, only a 
slight distance above the divination statement. He reined in his 
thoughts and entered a Cogitation state. 


“There will be danger if the ritual above is carried out outside of 
this world. 


“There will be danger if the ritual above is carried out outside of 
this world.” 


After reciting the statement seven times, Klein opened his eyes 
which were almost all black and looked at the topaz pendant 
which was spinning counterclockwise. 


That meant a negative outcome: there would be no danger! 


“I can give it a try then.” Klein made the items before him 
disappear. He then extended his spirituality to wrap around 


himself and simulated the sensation of falling. 


When he returned to his bedroom, due to the fact that he had 
sealed the entire room with a spiritual wall, Klein immediately 
cleared his desk and put out a mint-scented candle right in the 
middle. 


He pressed slightly on the candle wick, rubbing it with 
spirituality to cause friction and ignite the candle. 


Under the flickering dim light, Klein dripped the corresponding 
essential oils, extracts, and herb powder onto the flame. 


A soothing fragrance suddenly filled the air, and the room 
alternated between brightness and darkness. 


Taking two steps back, Klein looked at the candle that 
represented himself and shouted in Jotun, “I!” 


Then, he switched to Hermes, “I summon in my name: 


“The Fool that doesn’t belong to this era, the mysterious ruler 
above the gray fog; the King of Yellow and Black who wields good 
luck.” 


Just as he finished speaking, he sensed the wavering candlelight 
suddenly dance vigorously and produce a vortex with the 
surrounding fragrance. It absorbed his spirituality at an insane 
rate. 


“Slumber flower, a herb that belongs to the red moon, please 
bestow your powers to my incantation...” Klein endured the 


discomfort brought about from having his spirituality drained as 
he finished reciting the incantation. 


Then, he saw the candlelight stop wavering. It was tainted with 
a gray luster, which extended to about the size of a palm. 


“I didn’t summon anything... Oh right, perhaps I'll need to 
respond to it above the gray fog? It’s really quite troublesome to 
summon myself...” Klein muttered, pinching his aching 
forehead. 


He calmed himself down, then took four steps counterclockwise 
before arriving above the gray fog again. He saw that there was a 
rippling light above the seat of honor at the ancient table. 


It stemmed from the strange symbol at the back of the 
corresponding chair. The strange symbol that was made up of a 
Pupil-less Eye, a symbol representing concealment, and 
Contorted Lines that represented change. 


All Klein did was extend his hand to reach for it when he 
immediately heard, “I! I summon in my name, The Fool that 
doesn’t belong to this era, the mysterious ruler above the gray 
fog; the King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck.” Then, he 
saw surging spirituality combined with a rippling light that 
formed into an illusory yet shapeless door. 


The door shook as though it wanted to be opened. Klein 
immediately felt inspired and strongly willed for it to be pushed 
open. 


Almost instantly, the boundless fog and lofty palace was drawn 
forward. There were a few barely noticeable ripples. 


The ripples surged towards the illusory yet shapeless door. 


But, no matter how much klein pushed it, the door couldn’t be 
pushed open. Every movement resulted in dead silence. 


“The Door of Summoning has yet to take shape?” Klein reined in 
his will and creased his eyebrows when he analyzed the reason 
why he had failed. 


He had casually named the door “the Door of Summoning.” 


“Hmm, I’m lacking spirituality, so I can’t form a complete Door of 
Summoning. When I advance to Sequence 8 Clown and pass 
through the initial dangerous stage, I can give it another try. 
Maybe it won't be a problem by then...” Klein nodded lightly and 
roughly understood what had happened. 


This experiment gave him a confidence boost, he felt heartened 
as this was the first time that he received some sort of response 
from the mysterious space above the gray fog*—*other than the 
incident where he divined about Eternal Blazing Sun! 


There will come a day when I'll understand all the secrets here! 
Klein excitedly declared in his heart. He then made a rapid 
descent into the boundless fog after he wrapped himself up with 
Spirituality. 


Klein quickly blew out the candle after he returned to his 
bedroom. He ended the ritual and cleaned up his study desk 
before he removed the spiritual wall. 


A gust of wind suddenly blew as he yawned. He collapsed into 
the bed, covered himself with a blanket and quickly fell asleep. 


In the hazy dream that followed, Klein woke up abruptly and 
realized that he was sitting in the living room of his home and 
was holding the Tingen City Honest Paper. 


...Don’t tell me Captain is here again? He was stunned at first as 
he looked outside the oriel window, finding humor in his 
exasperation. 


With a creak, the door opened. Dunn walked in slowly, wearing 
his black trench coat that went beyond his knees and held a 
cane and pipe. 


He was still wearing his black top hat, and underneath it were 
his profound gray eyes. 


Dunn came to the living room and sat on the single seat sofa. He 
leisurely crossed his right leg over his left. 


He put aside his cane, took off his hat, and leaned backwards. He 
sat there quietly and looked at Klein as though he was thinking. 


Captain, what are you trying to do today... Klein was 
dumbfounded. 


In order to not expose that he knew that it was a dream, he 
pretended to not be affected by it and continued to read the 
newspaper. 


One minute, two minutes, five minutes. He lifted his head to 


look at Dunn who sat opposite him. He found out that the 
Captain was still sitting there quietly and was looking at him in 
deep thought. 


Five minutes, ten minutes, fifteen minutes. Klein flipped 
through the newspaper back and forth multiple times, looking at 
Dunn from the corner of his eyes, and noticed that the man was 
still looking at him quietly in deep thought. 


Captain, you’re making me very uncomfortable... Klein couldn't 
sit in peace. He folded the newspaper and put it aside. He nodded 
and smiled at Dunn. Then, he went to the kitchen to get a piece 
of cloth and started wiping the dining table and coffee table. 


Captain, look, my dream is so simple, so ordinary, so boring. 
There’s nothing worth observing. Hurry up and leave! Why don’t 
you pretend to be a ghost and I’ll pretend to be frightened, then 
you can complete your achievement as a Nightmare! He prayed in 
silence and lifted his head, but all he saw was Dunn’s deep gray 
eyes that were still in deep thought. 


Under such a quiet and constant gaze, Klein wiped all the 
furniture and cleaned his room. He was so exhausted in his 
dream. 


What wore him out the most was Dunn Smith, who was 
watching him quietly in deep thought. 


Klein had no idea how much time had passed while he made 
himself busy until he finally saw his Captain uncross his legs 
and stand up. Then, he took his cane, put on his hat, and walked 
through the door. 


Klein held his breath and watched Dunn leave his house. 


He couldn't help but lift his right hand to wave goodbye. 


Phew... When everything returned to normal, Klein let out a 
breath of relief. 


That really was such a nightmare! He thought to himself, too 
preoccupied for tears. 


Backlund, West Backlund, Philip’s Department Store. 


Philip’s was one of the top-end department stores in the Loen 
Kingdom. It only opened to nobles and wealthy people who were 
qualified to be members. 


There was always luxurious carriages parked outside with 
different emblems printed on them. Not only was it a safe place 
for shopping, it also became a popular social venue due to the 
strict restriction on members. 


Audrey brought her maidservant, Annie, and her golden 
retriever, Susie. Under the ushering of an eagerly attentive 
attendant, she got off the carriage and walked through the 
entrance. 


Along the way, she saw daughters of viscounts, countesses, or 
maidens with parents of high social status. 


She maintained her elegance and greeted them all gracefully. 
She communicated with different nobles on different topics. For 
instance, when she faced a particular countess, she would 


compliment the fittings of the countess’s dress and when she 
greeted a particular baroness, she would praise the outstanding 
performance of the baroness’s husband in the House of Lords. 


Audrey hadn’t been good at that previously; she was too stubborn 
and too arrogant. But now, she didn’t even need to put in much 
effort to respond perfectly. 


In a Spectator’s eyes, most of the emotions and thoughts of the 
female nobles were written on their faces. 


Arriving at the second floor, Audrey turned into a shop that sold 
ready-made dresses. 


The attendant in the shop was a petite maiden. She wore a black 
and white dress and had shoulder-length blond hair. She was 
the Arbiter, Xio Derecha. 


Audrey gave Susie a look without changing her facial expression. 
The dog understood what her owner meant immediately and 
ran to another counter. 


Maidservant Annie went after Susie to try to drag her back. 


Well done! Audrey complimented inwardly and walked next to 
Xio Derecha, pretending to look at the variety of dresses. 


“Why did you arrange to meet me here for?” Xio inquired with 
a whisper while she loudly introduced the dresses. 


Her voice was tender, just like a child’s. 


“Where’s the original attendant?” Audrey asked in reply instead 
of answering her. 


Xio looked around and said, “I convinced her. She was happy to 
rest for the morning.” 


Audrey looked at the different styled dresses while she took out a 
piece of neatly folded paper from her lamb leather handbag and 
secretly passed it to Xio. 


“Vice Admiral Hurricane, Qilangos, has snuck into Backlund. This 
is his portrait. I hope you can find him for me. Oh, and don’t 
alert him.” 


Xio received the piece of paper and unfolded it to take a quick 
glance. She saw that it was a lifelike portrait of a man in his 
thirties that had a unique broad chin. 


I was once constantly praised by my art teacher... Audrey stole a 
glance at Xio and lifted her head. 


She added, “The Kingdom offers a reward of ten thousand 
pounds for Qilangos. If he were to be arrested, even the person 
that only provided clues would definitely be awarded with a few 
hundred pounds.” 


Just as she finished her sentence, she saw Xio’s eyes beam with 
joy, as she had expected. 


Chapter 152: Final Act of Laying the Foundation 


A unique wide jaw, his hair is in a bun like an ancient knight’s, 
eyes that look at you with the intent of an icy smile... Xio Derecha 
was half slumped on the sofa as she scrutinized the portrait that 
Audrey had handed to her. 


In her eyes, the man might as well have been a living, walking 
pile of money. 


After committing the looks of the great pirate Qilangos to her 
memory, she proceeded to read the description written at the 
bottom of the page: 


“Brown hair, dark green eyes. 


“The portrait can only be used as a general reference as the 
target possesses the ability to transform into another person. It 
is unknown how long he can maintain the transformation.” 


The portrait can only be used as a reference... The target possesses 
the ability to transform into another person... Only as a reference, 
transform into another person... Then why did I spend so much 
time memorizing his facial features? Xio wore a dazed look, as if 
it was the first time she had witnessed the evil intentions the 
world had for her. 


She looked up and saw Fors Wall slumped languidly in a sofa 
opposite her. She seemed to be muttering to herself, “There’s no 
way to look for this person. We don’t know what he looks like. 
All we know is that he’s not from Backlund. There are far too 
many foreigners who come into Backlund every day.” 


Fors attempted to sit up, but failed even after three tries. 


“Tm only an Apprentice, not an Arbiter...” She pouted as she 
placed her hand on the armrest of the sofa, successfully pulling 
herself up into a sitting position. 


“Does that lady think that we are prophets?” Fors jested. 


Xio was about to answer when she realized that there were still 
footnotes she hadn’t gone through yet. 


She recited them out softly, “The suggested ways of searching are 
as follows: 


“1, Qilangos has an evil object with him. It needs to devour the 
flesh, blood, and soul of a living person every other day. You can 
consider looking for missing vagrants. 


“2. Search for Qilangos’s information thoroughly and build a 
profile of his unique hobbies and behaviors. 


“3. A person’s facial features might change, but as long as he 
hasn’t received any special training, he will often act like 
himself, such as the things he prefers to eat, his gait, actions 
he’s used to performing, and many other details.” 


Fors nodded as she listened. 


“Miss Audrey isn’t the innocent, naive teen that the rumors 
about her suggest. She has a meticulous heart and a calm sense 
of observation.” 


“Is that so?” Xio asked, doubtful. She didn’t expect an answer as 
she changed the topic by suggesting, “I'll be in charge of 
gathering the information. Can you consolidate that pile of gold 
pound’s, no—that admiral’s hobbies and unique traits?” 


Fors opened her eyes wide open and shook the steel box 
containing her cigarettes. 


“How can you bear to do this? How can you bear to make a 
dainty, sensitive author do consolidation, analysis, and 
deduction?” 


Xio shot her good friend a glance as she exuded an air of 
authority without realizing it. 


“There’s an interesting paragraph on deduction in your 
Stormwind Mountain Villa.” 


Fors pulled her shoulders back and lowered her head. She looked 
at the coffee table as she said, “Do you know how much of my 
hair I pulled out, how much sleep I lost, just for that paragraph?” 


She quickly lifted her head and looked at Xio Derecha, then 
lowered her head once again and grumbled, “Life is short. There 
are too many things that we need to do, why must we waste our 
time on such uninteresting, menial tasks?” 


That’s very reasonable... Xio nearly nodded in agreement. She 
fought hard to keep her authority as an Arbiter. 


“Then do you have any other ways to solve this problem?” She 
suppressed her voice, making her childlike voice sound deeper. 


Fors thought for nearly twenty seconds before looking up 
suddenly. 


“We can hire a professional! After you finish collecting 
information on Vice Admiral Hurricane, we shall erase the name 
and hand it over to an excellent detective, then ask him to do the 
consolidation and deduction. All we have to do is pay a fee!” 


Why didn’t I think of that... Xio’s mind went blank. Fors and Xio 
looked at each other without saying anything. 


When the atmosphere became awkward, she cleared her throat. 


“We'll do it according to your suggestion.” 


After saying this, she quickly added, “You'll pay the fee!” 


Howes Street, Divination Club. 


“Good afternoon, Mr. Moretti.” The pretty receptionist Angelica 
looked at Klein in surprise. “You rarely come on Fridays.” 


Exhausted from searching for the house with the red chimney, 
Klein smiled and said, 


“Fate never repeats itself indefinitely. It always brings us some 
surprises.” 


He was in the area, and the time had expired on the carriage he 
rented; thus, he came for a cup of black tea and some rest. 


Furthermore, this would serve as the final layer of the 
foundations. With the new “experience” at the Divination Club, 
he would logically mention the application to Dunn Smith. 


“your words are always so philosophical,” Angelica praised. 


Klein thought for a moment before saying with deliberation, “I 
might not come to the Divination Club too often in the future, so 
you need not recommend me to others anymore.” 


He had already digested his potion, so he had to advance towards 
a new goal! 


“Why?” Angelica said in shock and puzzlement. “You've already 
made a name for yourself in the club. Most people know that 
your divinations are very accurate and miraculous. In fact, we 
were considering getting you to come in on Sundays as a 
lecturer.” 


If I was paid one pound for every divination I perform, then I 
would keep doing this regardless of how tired I was... Besides, I 
still have to investigate the houses with red chimneys and find the 
culprit as soon as possible... Klein smiled warmly. 


“Madam, do not convince me to stay; this is the arrangement of 
fate. 


“I won't stop coming to the Divination Club entirely, it’s just that 
my visits will become less frequent. I'll still pay the membership 
fees on time.” 


I can get reimbursed for it anyway... I will come down 
occasionally to monitor the place... Klein added in his heart. 


“How regretful. I hope that you will be at the club when I happen 
to be lost.” Angelica sighed. 


She realized that this wasn’t as surprising as she imagined after 
the initial shock had passed. 


Perhaps such a miraculous seer that still respected fate wasn’t 
someone who could be held back by a club in Tingen... Angelica 
smiled, as if thinking about something. 


“Sibe black tea?” 


“Yes.” Klein returned a smile. 


He spent about twenty minutes in the club, spending the time 
resting, finishing his black tea before leaving the club. He took a 
public carriage back to Daffodil Street. 


When he entered, he opened the mailbox out of habit and saw 
that there was a letter placed inside not too long ago. 


Klein opened the letter and noticed that it was from Mr. Azik. 


“1 will be heading to Morse Town on Sunday and return on 
Wednesday.” 


Most of the citizens in Morse Town are believers of the Goddess... 
He’s heading there on a Sunday, which means that according to 


the usual level of efficiency, the Nighthawks would only receive the 
information on Tuesday or Wednesday. I can make it... To think 
that Mr. Azik would remember my request... I hope that he 
remembers not to do it personally. Him summoning a spirit and 
doing something scary would suffice... Klein nodded slightly. He 
released his spirituality and burned the letter with friction. 


He flicked his hand, turning the flames into ashes and allowed 
them to fall slowly onto the ground. 


Saturday afternoon. Klein was wearing his black trench coat and 
hat. He had his cane in his hand as he walked slowly into the 
Blackthorn Security Company. 


After greeting Rozanne, he looked at the partition and noticed 
that the Captain’s office was open. He deliberately spoke louder, 
“yesterday. I saw a girl who looked just like you at the Divination 
Club.” 


“Really?” Rozanne asked, her interest piqued. 


Klein nodded without sincerity. “Yes, in fact, I thought that she 
was your sister.” 


“lm sorry to have to disappoint you, but I have no sisters, not 
even cousins.” Rozanne laughed. “Do you remember her name?” 


“No, why would I remember her name?” Klein smiled. “Looking 
at her was exactly like looking at you.” 


“Can I take that as a compliment?” Rozanne was a chatty girl 
who never needed others to start the conversation. She asked on 
her own accord, “Klein, I would assume that you're earning quite 
a bit from the Divination Club? As a true Seer, your abilities are 
far beyond those who take this as a hobby.” 


We would still be good colleagues if you didn’t mention this... 
Klein coughed. 


“A Seer has to be respectful of fate. We cannot use divination to 
ask for abnormal privileges.” 


“Are you concluding your own maxim for a Seer?” Rozanne asked 
out of curiosity. 


“Yes,” Klein answered frankly. 


After a brief chat, Klein said goodbye to Rozanne. He took his hat 
and walked toward the partition. 


Knock! Knock! Knock! He looked at Dunn Smith, who was 
drinking his coffee, as he knocked on the open door. 


“Please come in.” Dunn looked up at Klein and adjusted his 
posture immediately. 


Klein had already probed the Captain over the past two days. He 
confirmed that Dunn Smith hadn’t mentioned the “acting 
method” as he was trying it out. It was clear that he was also 
cautious of the higher-ups of the Church. 


Thus he closed the door and sat opposite Dunn. He said with a 


serious, yet slightly excited expression, “Captain, I believe that I 
have completely grasped the Seer potion. I wish to submit a 
special application.” 


Chapter 154: Sharing “Experience” 


As he looked into Klein’s eyes, Dunn took a deep breath and 
leaned back. Then, he slowly exhaled as he spoke. 


“Are you certain?” 


There were minor changes in his facial expression. He seemed to 
be well prepared for the special application, but he hadn't 
expected it to be so soon. 


Captain, why do you look relieved... Klein didn’t conceal his smile 
as he said, “I’m certain, Captain. When you fully master a potion, 
you'll feel a very special and magical sensation. You'll have no 
doubt that you've fully mastered the potion.” 


“Special, magical feeling...” Dunn muttered those words softly 
and his eyebrows slowly knitted together. 


Huh, the Captain advanced twice without fully digesting the 
potion? Of course, if he didn’t know about the “acting method,” it 
would be difficult to fully digest it. He must’ve used a prolonged 
period of time to break it down and was subconsciously “acting” to 
minimize the risk of losing control... Poor Captain... Klein quietly 
looked at Dunn Smith, but he didn’t speak or say anything 
further so as to allow Dunn to think carefully. 


After almost a minute, Dunn’s deep eyes reflected Klein’s figure 
once again. He weighed his words before he said, “Maybe it 
would be a better option to wait another year.” 


What the Captain means is that waiting another year would make 


it less conspicuous. With the example that Madam Daly set for 
me, the higher-ups wouldn’t pay too much attention to me. At 
most, I would only be put on a list for observation, Klein thought 
and answered frankly, “At first, I wanted to wait until next year 
to send in my special application. After all, there are too many 
things that I need to master. For instance, my combat arts is 
only at the beginner level. 


“But, Captain, don’t you think that we've experienced too many 
coincidences in the last two months? We were chasing after the 
kidnappers when we came across the Antigonus Notebook in the 
opposite room. The shipment of Sealed Artifact 2-049 was 
delayed, but Ray Bieber didn’t leave Tingen and tried to digest the 
power at the harbor. I went to attend a birthday banquet and 
triggered Hanass Vincent’s incident. I went to investigate at the 
library and ran into a member of the Aurora Order... 


“I don’t know what these coincidences mean, but I feel insecure. 
That’s why I want to enhance myself in the best possible way.” 


Klein seized the opportunity to talk about the manipulator 
behind the scenes. It was something he had planned to include 
in his schedule—without exposing his uniqueness, he would 
remind the Nighthawks to make them search for more clues 
from different angles. What he said earlier would only lead the 
other Nighthawks to conclude that Klein had a discerning mind 
and was good at organizing his thoughts. 


The moment Klein said the word “but,” Dunn’s body leaned 
forward. In the end, he steepled his fingers in front of his 
mouth. 


He fixed his gaze and remained quiet, seemingly thinking about 
what Klein had said. 


After a while, Dunn lifted his head and said in a mellow and 


deep voice, “Very perceptive... Perhaps there really is something 
lurking in the dark.” 


Without waiting for Klein to speak, he instructed, “You can 
submit the special application.” 


“Alright.” Klein lifted the corner of his lips when he answered. 


He got up with a smile and walked towards the door. As 
expected, he heard a familiar additional remark. 


“Hold on,” Dunn called out. He weighed his words and said, “Take 
note of your choice of words.” 


Don’t worry, Captain. I place a far greater importance on this 
matter than you do! Klein nodded in agreement with a smile. 


At first, he thought Dunn would propose that they avoid going 
through the Holy Cathedral and instead advance to Sequence 8 in 
secret. Then they could go through the normal procedure after 
three years. However, after he thought it through, he realized 
that it was impossible. Regardless of whether it was through a 
special application or a normal application, the person who was 
going to advance still had to be investigated by the Holy 
Cathedral; the only difference was that one method was 
relatively simple and the other was more complicated. 


If he had become a Sequence 8 in secret, then it could put the 
entire Tingen Nighthawks in trouble. 


Since Klein was finished with his mysticism lessons, he didn’t go 
to the basement in a hurry but walked to the clerk’s office next 
door after leaving the Captain’s office. 


He found a man and a woman sitting in the office. The man was 
in his thirties and the woman was in her twenties; they were 
the two newly added members. 


They were surprised when Klein entered, then they smiled and 
nodded in greeting. They were curious and in awe of the 
Beyonders that they worked with. 


Klein didn’t chat with them but found an empty desk and began 
writing a draft for the special application. 


As he already had a draft in his head, it only took about ten 
minutes to complete his initial work. 


After reading it a couple of times and amending parts of it, he 
sat before the Akerson Model 1346 typewriter and started typing 
his draft onto a document. 


Listening to the tapping of the keyboard, the two new clerks 
exchanged looks and stood up simultaneously. They left the 
office and went to the reception hall to chat with Rozanne, 
allowing Klein to have some privacy. 


Very careful and fully aware of the need to maintain secrecy... 
Klein stole a glance at their receding figures as he complimented 
them. 


He focused on his work again and continued tapping on the 
typewriter. 


Just as he was going to complete his special application, Leonard 
Mitchell came out of the restroom. He looked around while he 
buttoned his shirt. There was an unrestrained beauty in his 
messy hair. 


“What’s the report you’re writing?” Leonard looked around the 
clerk’s office as he leaned against the door frame with his right 
foot tiptoed to balance himself and his hands tucked into his 
pockets. 


His green eyes examined Klein with interest. 


Klein typed the last word and the last punctuation mark. He 
then turned his head and smiled. 


“Special application.” 
“Special application?” Leonard asked, puzzled. 


Klein picked up the paper and skimmed through it quickly. He 
casually explained, “A special application to advance to Sequence 
8.” 


Cough! Cough! Cough! Leonard suddenly coughed vigorously. He 
calmed down and asked, 


“you're already done digesting the potion?” 


Digest? Bro, you know quite a bit... Klein held his special 
application and walked before Leonard. He lifted an eyebrow and 
said, “Yes.” 


Then, he looked into his eyes and added softly with a chuckle, “I 
remember someone told me once that there are some people 
who are special, people who can do things that others can’t. 


“Such as me. 


“Such as you.” 


Leonard was suddenly at a loss for words. He could only change 
his standing posture and take his hands out his pockets to cross 
them in front of his chest. 


He opened his mouth and finally organized his words. He asked 
in a low voice, “Don’t you think that it’s too risky?” 


As he already knew about digesting, he definitely understands 
that my advancement has no risk of losing control... Hmm, is he 
referring to the attention from the higher-ups in the Church? 
Klein explained while in thought, “Leonard, do you remember 
the first task that we worked on together? We were merely 
tracking kidnappers, but we realized that the room opposite had 
clues about the Antigonus family’s notebook...” 


He repeated what he mentioned to Dunn once more. 


Leonard’s expression grew heavy, and he nodded in agreement 
slightly. 


He muttered to himself and said, “Maybe, I have to hurry up...” 


Just as he finished, he suddenly looked at Klein and flashed a 
smile as he said, “Aren’t you going to share your experience with 


us? The experience to quickly grasp a potion and avoid the risk of 
losing control!” 


This guy sure can put on a facade quickly... Klein smiled and 
answered, “I’m more than willing to.” 


He was planning to seize the opportunity today to remind his 
Nighthawks teammates on how to minimize the risk of losing 
control. 


Of course, to maintain his personal safety, he couldn’t say it as 
straightforwardly as he did to Dunn Smith. At most, he could 
describe the idea vaguely, in a way that wouldn't alert anyone 
who was sent down by the higher-ups. 


“Let’s do it now then!” Leonard impatiently dragged Klein to the 
Nighthawks’ recreation room. 


At that very moment, other than Royale who was taking her 
shift at Chanis Gate, Frye, Kenley, and Seeka Tron were there 
playing cards. 


“Everyone, everyone!” Leonard knocked on the half-closed door 
and spoke as if he was reciting a poem, “Let me introduce this 
man next to me, Mr. Klein Moretti, who has fully grasped his 
potion in a month and a half!” 


... This guy is so dramatic... Klein suddenly felt awkward. 


“What?” Even Seeka Tron, the author who wasn’t famous and 
barely sold any books, cocked her head sideways as though she 
was testing her hearing ability. 


“Leonard, don’t joke around. You're always exaggerating things.” 
Kenley covered his cards helplessly. 


Frye held his cards as he looked at Klein. He kept quiet for a 
while and said, “Are you sure that you've already fully grasped 
the potion?” 


“yes.” Klein could feel his concern and he nodded confidently. 
“There was an obvious indication.” 


“What? Really?” Kenley shouted a delayed response and stood up. 


Leonard chuckled and pointed at the paper in Klein’s hands as he 
said, “This is the special application that he’s going to hand in. 
The special application to advance to Sequence 8!” 


“..How did you do it?” Seeka Tron had many questions, but she 
only voiced the one that concerned her the most after taking a 
deep breath. 


She was normally quiet and elegant, but now she had a burning 
passion in her eyes that couldn’t be suppressed. 


Klein found a chair and sat down. He lowered his voice and 
answered, “I found inspiration from the maxim of the Mystery 
Pryers.” 


“Do as you wish, but do no harm?” Leonard supplemented. 


“yes. According to our confidential information, following this 
maxim gives the Mystery Pryers a lower probability of losing 
control,” Klein explained what he learned from Old Neil. “After 


that, Madam Daly’s example gave me a better understanding of 
the process.” 


“Spirit Medium Daly?” Kenley asked in reply, hoping to gain 
confirmation. 


“yes. Madam Daly has handed in a special application before. 
She only used two years to become a Spirit Medium from Corpse 
Collector. She once told Old Neil that she wanted to be a real 
Spirit Medium,” Klein explained in detail. “With the experience I 
gained in the Divination Club and corresponding feedback that 
I've received, I gradually concluded my Seer principles. Then I 
followed it strictly and tried to become a real Seer... When I did 
so, I realized that the speed at which I grasped the potion became 
faster.” 


As they listened to Klein’s recount, Frye, Seeka, and the rest fell 
into deep thought. Even Leonard pretended to be thinking. 


“Tm going to hand in my special application.” Klein waved the 
paper in his hands. “If you have any problems, do ask me 
privately.” 


“Alright,” Frye replied coldly with a nod. 


Klein left the recreation room and knocked on the door to the 
Captain’s office again. 


He sat down opposite to Dunn, then took up a pen and ink pad. 
He signed and stamped his thumbprint. 


“Captain, this is my special application.” After that, he passed the 
paper to Dunn with both hands. 


Dunn looked through it carefully and put down the application. 


“Tll submit it to the Holy Cathedral as soon as possible. You 
should be prepared to be examined. Perhaps next week or the 
following week.” 


“Alright.” Klein took a deep breath and nodded seriously. 


He stood up, exited the Captain’s office, and closed the door 
behind him. 


During the process, he thought about the application that he had 
sent in. There was a thought that popped up in his head. 


I wonder what kind of examination it will be... 


Chapter 155: Urgent Meeting 


After collecting himself, Klein went down to the basement and 
walked to Chanis Gate. He knocked on the door to the guard 
room. 


Inside, Royale Reideen had already packed her personal 
belongings. She immediately smoothed her hair and stood up 
when she saw the person taking over her shift. 


After greeting each other with a nod, Klein suddenly said, “I’ve 
had some success with grasping my potion and have shared my 
experiences with Frye and the rest. You can ask them about it.” 


Royale, who typically didn’t have much of an expression, looked 
at Klein with a little shock. Her lips quivered a little as she said, 
“Alright.” 


Madam, let’s hope that you can still maintain your calm 
composure in a while... There are already a bunch of dazed people 
sitting in the recreation room right now. Klein laughed and made 
his way behind the table, expertly taking out the tin can which 
Dunn Smith used to store his Fermo coffee. 


After making himself a cup of aromatic coffee, Klein sat down 
and relaxed. He looked out at the lonely hallway and allowed his 
thoughts to roam free. 


Let’s hope that Mr. Azik’s mission is successful and that he doesn’t 
leave behind any clues. Well, even if there are clues, I can just 
pretend to not notice them. 


I wonder where the Mutated Sun Sacred Emblem is sealed behind 
Chanis Gate? Since it doesn’t possess any living qualities, it only 
needs a little space... 


Come to think of it, I haven’t been inside Chanis Gate. I’m not sure 
what it looks like inside... To be able to keep the weird Sealed 
Artifacts of varying sizes safe and maintain surveillance, it must 
be quite special indeed. For example, the ashes of Saint Selena? 


Many thoughts streaked past Klein’s head when he suddenly 
heard urgent footsteps. He focused and shot a look towards the 
door. 


He saw Old Neil, wearing his classic black robe, appear in the 
corridor with a black carpet in his hands. He made his way into 
the guard room and said nothing, but instead observed Klein 
thoroughly. 


“Mr. Neil, did something happen?” Klein let out a dry chuckle 
and took a sip of his fragrant coffee. 


Old Neil sized him up and sighed. 


“To think that you would find inspiration from the maxim of the 
Mystery Pryers and Daly...” 


“I have to praise the Goddess. I also have to thank you for your 
teachings.” Klein gave a reply in all seriousness. 


Old Neil pulled back a chair and sat down. He said, a little 


depressed, “How good would it be if it was twenty years ago...” 


Klein maintained his silence, for he knew that Old Neil wasn’t 
allowed to consume any more potions because of his age and 
health, even if he had completely digested the one he had right 
now. 


Under such circumstances, anything he said would’ve agitated 
him. 


“My earliest thoughts was to quickly gain control of my potion 
from the maxim of the Mystery Pryer, but regrettably, I wasn’t 
embarking in the right direction. Daly’s success did give me 
some clues, but I was already more than 50 years old back then, 
and had already given up on my efforts. I subconsciously 
thought that her success was a result of her genius, and that an 
average person wouldn't be able to emulate her achievements.” 
Old Neil rubbed his temples as he described his disappointment. 


He was silent for a few minutes before he lifted his head. He 
looked at Klein. 


“It sure is regrettable that only now do I understand what I’ve 
missed out on at this age.” 


Old Neil should’ve had a faint understanding of the “acting 
method.” He immediately understood what happened after I 
shared my experiences... Klein consoled, “It wouldn’t have made 
too much of a difference. The Church doesn’t hold the Sequence 8 
corresponding to Mystery Pryer.” 


“Perhaps the Holy Cathedral does have it... No, if they have it, 
they would at least tell us its name. It’s also possible that the 
underground market might have it...” Old Neil muttered. He 
shook his head as he stood up. He laughed and said. “At least I 


didn’t lose control, and I’ve lived healthily for decades... Praise 
the Lady.” 


He drew a crimson moon in front of his chest and left the guard 
room a little dejected. He had lost his usual shrewd look. 


Klein looked at Old Neil’s back and suddenly let out a long sigh. 


He was even more perplexed as to why the higher-ups of the 
Church would hide the “acting method.” 


Klein collected himself after some time, placing his attention on 
the confidential information of the Nighthawks in front of him. 


Ever since he pulled the youth from the City of Silver into the 
Tarot Club and learned that the City of Silver still used the 
ancient names for many things, he found it necessary to 
enhance his knowledge in these areas. 


Some time later, he heard another set of footsteps. These 
footsteps were slow and steady. 


At the same time, an image of Dunn Smith wearing a black 
trench coat flashed past his mind. 


My spiritual senses have been elevated after fully digesting the 
Seer potion... Klein nodded in understanding. He saw the Captain 
a few seconds later. 


“A letter for you.” Dunn extended his right arm and flicked his 
wrist, tossing the letter over to Klein. 


Klein lifted his hand and tried to grab the letter, but be it his 
judgment or reaction, he missed. 


Pa! 


The letter fell onto the floor, leaving Klein’s right hand extended 
awkwardly in the air. 


Under the suddenly silent atmosphere, his right hand first 
became rigid, then he pulled it back toward his head and 
pretended to smooth out his hair. 


“The light from the gas lamp isn’t bright enough,” Klein made a 
perfunctory statement casually. He bent his back and picked up 
the letter, giving it a cursory glance. 


Mr. Hornacis... It’s a letter from Daxter Guderian... He nodded in 
understanding and pulled open a drawer to retrieve a letter 
opener. 


According to the rules of the Nighthawks, if there was a clear 
and correct recipient, Rozanne and the rest of the clerks would 
give the letter directly to the person that the letter was addressed 
to. If the recipient was anonymous or an unknown name, it 
would be handed over to Dunn. He could then ask around or 
make a decision. 


Klein carefully pried open the letter and took out the piece of 
paper within. He quickly unfolded the piece of paper and read 
through it. 


He realized that the asylum doctor, Daxter, was asking for an 
urgent meeting at two in the afternoon today. 


Has he obtained the Telepathist formula? Or is it regarding 
something else? Klein lifted the letter in his hand and looked at 
Dunn. 


“Captain, my informant, the one from the Psychology 
Alchemists, wishes to meet me at two in the afternoon.” 


“Did he say anything else?” Dunn asked, as if he was expecting 
this. 


“No.” Klein shook his head. 


Dunn thought for a moment, then said in a heavy voice, “Get 
Leonard to watch over Chanis Gate for the time being. I'll go with 
you and hide somewhere. These urgent requests to meet could 
sometimes be a trap. I've heard of many similar incidents. 
Furthermore, if it’s something important, we can act quickly.” 


Captain, you sure are experienced... Not to mention being the 
most reliable, trustworthy Captain without memory issues 
whenever we have something serious to do... Klein immediately 
nodded. 


“Alright!” 


At two in the afternoon. Inside the small shooting range 9 of the 
Zouteland Street Shooting Club. 


Klein looked at the target that was covered in bullet holes, then 
glanced at the uneasy Doctor Daxter Guderian. 


“What happened for you to look for mercenaries at the Hound 
Pub in such a fluster?” 


Only by doing so would the boss of the Hound Pub, Wright, hand 
the letter immediately to the Blackthorn Security Company 
instead of waiting for Klein to collect it himself. 


Daxter observed Klein’s expression and body language, then 
responded softly, “I find Hood Eugen a little abnormal recently.” 


Hood Eugen was the patient from the mental asylum that had 
roped Daxter into the Psychology Alchemists. 


“What sort of abnormalities has he exhibited?” Klein pressed, 
displaying his professionalism. 


Daxter heaved a sigh of relief, as if he had found a pillar of 
support. He said while deliberating his words, “H-he seems to 
have really gone insane...” 


“Really gone insane?” Klein asked in shock. 


Didn’t Hood Eugen feign his illness and infiltrate the mental 
asylum to attempt to influence the patients in order to train his 
mental abilities? 


He had really turned sick, genuine insanity? 


“I think so...” Daxter paced around anxiously. “I could hold a 
normal conversation with him in the past and receive guidance 
on how to correctly use my Beyonder powers. But in the past few 
days, his thought processes and his condition has become really 


weird. I can barely communicate with him. He was just like my 
other patients, even though... even though I’ve managed to get 
the Telepathist formula as a result. But I cannot determine if it’s 
real or fake. 'm afraid that there might be some uncontrollable 
changes that might occur.” 


No matter. As a Seer, a Seer who has the mysterious world above 
the gray fog, I'll be able to determine if it’s real or fake... Klein 
heaved a sigh of relief before creasing his brows and asking, “Did 
he come into contact with anyone before he turned abnormal?” 


“Only the patients. I-I cannot guarantee that, though. I’m not in 
the asylum for the whole day. I also need time to rest,” Daxter 
said, his expression serious. 


Klein nodded, as if it was something trivial. 


“Don’t worry. I'll send someone to protect you in secret. You 
should find out who Hood Eugen has come into contact with as 
soon as possible. Also, you have to be careful; he might be testing 
you. You should also report this to the members of the 
Psychology Alchemists and see how the higher-ups of your 
organization react.” 


“Alright.” Daxter propped up his golden spectacles, recovering the 
calm of a Spectator. He then took out a piece of paper from his 
pocket and handed it over to Klein. “This is the formula for the 
Telepathist potion, but I cannot guarantee its authenticity.” 


“We will verify it.” Klein smiled in response. He unfolded the 
piece of paper on the spot and looked at it. 


“Main ingredients: The complete pituitary gland of a mature 
Rainbow Salamander, 10 ml of spinal fluid from a Farsman 
Rabbit.” 


“Supplementary ingredients: Chestnut Spore 5 grams, Dragon 
Tooth Grass Powder 8 grams, 3 petals of Pure White Elf Flowers, 
Pure Water 100 ml.” 


“Excellent,” Klein praised. He folded the piece of paper and 
stuffed it into the inner pocket of his tuxedo. 


After exchanging a few more words and ascertaining that the 
“voices” which Daxter was hearing were subsiding, Klein bade 
him farewell. He cautiously made his way to the shooting range 
reserved for the Nighthawks. Dunn Smith was waiting inside. 


“Captain, the informant gave me the Telepathist formula to 
thank me for helping him control the side effects of the potion, 
but he cannot determine the authenticity of the potion.” Klein 
handed the piece of paper to Dunn with a stern expression. 
“Furthermore, he mentioned something else...” 


Dunn read the formula as he listened to the concerns about Hood 
Eugen. After that, he nodded. 


“Tll immediately assign manpower to keep the mental asylum 
under surveillance. You haven't had professional training when 
it comes to these matters and don’t to participate in this. Go back 
and guard Chanis Gate.” 


With that said, he looked at Klein deeply in the eyes and said, “If 
we take this formula into account, you don’t need to accumulate 
any more meritorious achievements. You can directly receive the 
Clown potion after you pass the examination...” 


Chapter 156: Melissa Who Takes the Long View 


And I’m paying double for the Clown’s formula... And all this 
because I originally wanted to be rewarded double for the same 
piece of work I did. Forget it, I don’t have the opportunity to 
mention that I already have the formula to the Clown potion. 
Klein took a deep breath and forced a smile, saying, “Hopefully I 
can pass the examination smoothly.” 


He was more than happy with Dunn’s decision for him to 
continue to guard Chanis Gate. Not only was he lacking the 
professional ability to monitor and investigate, but his hand-to- 
hand combat was far from satisfactory. 


In terms of shooting, he was considered decent compared to the 
ordinary police. However, his teammates were all Beyonders that 
have had their physical attributes enhanced. Even if they weren’t 
all marksman-level, they were very close. 


As for hand-to-hand combat, Klein was merely a beginner. 


Even with a Slumber Charm, a Repose Charm, and a Dream 
Charm, he was still considered a support-class Beyonder. It 
would be easy for him to deal with ordinary people, but he would 
be in danger if he were to come across any Beyonders who were 
adept at combat. 


Until I advance to Sequence 8, become skilled in technique-based 
battles, and master a handful of spells, I can only complete 
normal supernatural missions on my own. Hmm, if I successfully 
steal the power of Sealed Artifact 3-0782 and make Flaring Sun 
Charms, that will be even better. It won’t be impossible for me to 
win from a position of an underdog... Klein thought hopefully as 
he slowly walked back to the Blackthorn Security Company. 


The next morning when he ended his shift and left Chanis Gate, 
the Nighthawks still hadn’t obtained any useful information 
from monitoring Hood Eugen. For now, they had to place their 
hopes on their informant’s internal investigation. 


When he returned home, Klein had his breakfast quietly and laid 
down in his bedroom to sleep until noon. 


He woke up naturally, washed up, and walked to the first floor, 
following the smell of cooking food. 


“Melissa is preparing lunch?” Klein looked at Benson who was 
reading the newspaper in the living room. 


Benson lowered the newspaper and said, “Yes, she has a guest 
visiting today. I wanted her to chat with her guest while I 
prepared lunch. But she doesn’t trust my cooking and took the 
guest into the kitchen. How rude.” 


Benson, you actually managed to quickly realize that Melissa 
detests your culinary skills... Klein held back his urge to laugh 
and walked towards the single seat sofa as he asked, “Melissa’s 
guest?” 


“yeah, you should know her. Elizabeth, we met her at Selena’s 
dinner banquet.” Benson leaned backwards and continued to 
read his newspaper comfortably. 


It wasn’t only at the dinner banquet... She came to visit for real... 
Klein turned to look at the kitchen with a stunned expression. 


Just then, Melissa walked out carrying some plates and 
Elizabeth followed behind, also wearing an apron. 


“Klein, you're already up? I was just planning on waking you up.” 
Melissa laid the plates on the dining table delightedly as she 
said, “This is Elizabeth. You know her.” 


“Hello, Klein.” Elizabeth’s adorable face flashed a splendid smile 
as she greeted him. 


Klein replied gently and politely. 


After they greeted, Melissa blinked and spoke seriously, 
“Elizabeth will follow us to the Family Servant Assistance 
Association later. They hire a few maidservants at home, so she 
has experience in that. Her opinions might be helpful. 


“Actually, we’ve already drawn up the requirements for picking a 
maidservant. Listen to this and see if there’s anything that needs 
to be added.” 


Melissa wiped her hands on her apron and took out a piece of 
paper from the pocket of her home clothes. She opened it and 
read it out loud. 


“1. Healthy. 


“2. Hardworking and responsible. 


“3. Good at cooking. 


“4. Quiet, not rowdy. 


“5. Simple family background. 


“6. Looks ordinary.” 


She read the requirements one by one while Klein and Benson 
gawked with a vacant look; they never expected that hiring a 
maidservant would be so troublesome. 


“Melissa, weren’t you against the idea of hiring a maidservant?” 
Klein subconsciously asked when his sister stopped. 


Melissa pursed her lips and nodded solemnly. 


“Yes, I was against it. But as my opposition was in vain, I thought 
we should get this thing done properly. To be able to get it done 
well, we must be well prepared. Hmm, do you have anything 
that you'd like to add?” 


“No!” Klein and Benson shook their heads in unison, causing 
Elizabeth to laugh. 


After lunch, the four of them took a public carriage to the Tingen 
Family Servant Assistance Association on Champagne Street. 


It was similar to domestic help firms that Klein knew of from 
his previous life, but it was also a little like a charity. They 
recorded the personal information and job requirements of 
different maidservants so that the clients could make their 
selections more easily, while maximizing the maidservants’ 
chances of employment. 


Part of the organization’s funding came from _ charity 


organizations, and some came from a percentage of the 
payment provided by employers. 


Upon entering the association, Klein and company were greeted 
warmly. A young lady in a pale yellow ruffled dress led them to 
some sofas. She smiled and asked, “How may I help you?” 


Benson, who was pushed forward by his brother and sister, said, 
“We need to hire a maidservant.” 


“Do you have any requirements?” the young lady asked like 
clockwork. 


Benson recalled his siblings’ lack of faith in his culinary skills as 
he said sincerely, “Good at cooking.” 


“Good at cooking?” The young lady creased her eyebrows and 
said, “To be frank, there are no excellent cooks among the 
maidservants. Why not hire a chef instead? If you need a female 
chef, we have quite a number of them in the association.” 


“There is no one who is good at cooking among the 
maidservants?” Melissa couldn’t help but cut in as her initial 
plan was set back. 


The young lady nodded and answered affirmatively, “The 
maidservants are either the daughters of lower class laborers or 
girls from the villages. They have few opportunities to learn 
culinary skills. Even after the simple training provided by the 
association, the most we can guarantee is that their food won’t 
make people sick.” 


Melissa fell silent, finally realizing what it meant to have 


situations outpace her plans. 


“That is regrettable.” Benson thought, reorganizing his words, he 
said, “Maybe we can amend our requirement to a maidservant 
who is willing to and is capable of learning to cook.” 


Not bad. Benson is quick-witted... There’s no need for me to 
interject. Klein sat by the side, holding his cane and hat 
comfortably. 


“No problem. During cooking training, we took note of girls who 
had outstanding performance,” the young lady replied with a 
professional smile. “Any other requirements?” 


“yes.” Benson felt the burn of Melissa’s gaze. He swallowed his 
saliva and took out the piece of paper from his pocket. He then 
read the items one by one. 


The young lady listened quietly and only responded after quite a 
while. 


“I-rll first check through the records and recommend some 
maidservants that fit the criteria. You don’t have to decide 
immediately. You can pick two to four of them. Then, I will bring 
them each over to cook for you once. You can decide who to 
employ then. Of course, you will have to pay the association 
some extra fees, and you will also have to prepare your own 
ingredients.” 


“Alright.” Benson folded the paper and nodded politely. 


The young lady stood up and walked towards the office, but she 
turned around after taking two steps. She smiled and said, “Can 


you pass me that paper? I’m worried I will forget some of your 
requirements...” 


“No problem.” Benson held back his urge to laugh when he 
answered. 


After a while, the young lady in the pale yellow dress came out 
with a stack of documents and passed them to Benson. 


The information had each of the maidservants’ real name, birth 
date, family situation, facial description, health status, past 
experience, related traits, expected salary, and _ other 
information. 


Seizing the opportunity when Benson and Melissa were reading 
the information, Elizabeth got closer to Klein and asked softly, 
“Don't you have any requirements?” 


“yes, but this information isn’t specific enough,” Klein answered 
perfunctorily. 


Elizabeth got even more interested. 


“How would you choose?” 


Klein smiled and pointed at the hidden pendulum in his left 
sleeve, “I would divine the best person to become our 
maidservant by writing down a corresponding statement about 
each candidate and eliminating them one after another.” 


“.” Elizabeth was stunned, nodding vacantly after nearly twenty 
seconds. “The simplest and the most effective way... I totally 


forgot that youre...” 


She didn’t finish her sentence since Melissa, who had sharp 
senses, noticed that they were whispering and had looked over. 


She looked at her best friend and her brother, then she showed 
an expression of deep thought. 


Hey, Sis, don’t misunderstand! We are just talking normally... 
Klein coughed and picked up some of the information and 
casually read through them. 


Very soon, they picked three candidates. They were asking for 
four soli eight pence to five soli two pence per week. 


Benson didn’t haggle over the maidservants’ pay but instead 
discussed the percentage that he needed to pay to the 
association. 


After some friendly haggling, he successfully negotiated the price 
from the maidservant’s two weeks pay to one week pay instead. 
However, he had to pay a transportation fee of one soli for them 
to bring the maidservants over to try cooking. 


After that, Elizabeth bade the trio farewell and left while the 
siblings took a public carriage back to Daffodil Street. 


On the way back, Klein was getting uncomfortable under 
Melissa’s scrutinizing gaze. When he got home, he went to the 
second floor directly. 


“Klein,” Melissa called him in a serious tone after thorough 


consideration. She said, “If you want to get engaged with 
Elizabeth, you have to work harder. Her father is an import 
merchant, and her mother is the daughter of a baronet...” 


Wait, engaged? When did this happen? Klein looked at his sister 
in confusion. 


How far reaching is her concern? 


Chapter 157: item of His Dreams 


“No, we are not...” Klein didn’t have the chance to retort before 
Benson interrupted with a smile. “Although Elizabeth is indeed a 
little young and her family is much more outstanding than ours, 
I find the two of you quite suitable for each other. But you might 
have to wait a few more years. She is still studying at a public 
school and wants to enter university. Marriage should be 
something to consider only six to seven years later. Of course, 
you can get engaged sooner than that.” 


..Can you guys not think that far ahead? Klein took in a deep 
breath. 


“I do not fancy Elizabeth, or, well, more accurately, I do not fancy 
a girl who is younger than me by too much. I prefer girls who 
are more mature.” 


Truthfully, I can accept anyone within a reasonable age gap, just 
not now... He added inwardly in exasperation. 


“you like girls who are more mature?” Melissa knitted her 
brows. “Then you should quickly settle the issue regarding your 
marriage.” 


Ah? Klein couldn’t understand his sister’s leap in logic. He asked 
in confusion, “Why?” 


Melissa explained seriously, “You will be about 25 when you 
finish saving up for your marriage. Girls that are more mature 
than you will either be married or engaged when they reach that 
age. Do you want to chase after a widow?” 


What the... Klein thought to himself in Mandarin as he wore a 
blank expression. 


Benson smiled and refuted his sister, “Melissa, you don’t 
understand. In this day and age, it isn’t rare to see women in 
their thirties who isn’t married or engaged within the middle 
class. They are mostly followers of the Goddess, and all have the 
ability to provide for themselves. They would rather be single 
than stuck in a marriage that they are not satisfied with. Yes, 
that’s what I read from the ‘Family’ magazine.” 


“Is that so?” Melissa was a sixteen-year-old girl after all. She 
didn’t have a great understanding concerning matters like this. 


Upon seeing his siblings getting roused up from the 
conversation, Klein coughed and said, “What I meant by mature 
is their mental state. They don’t need to be older than me. 
Furthermore, the person that should be worried about their 
marriage is Benson.” 


I’m sorry, Brother, I had no choice... he apologized in his heart. 


“.” Melissa froze for a moment, then nodded heavily. “That’s 
right!” 


Benson was just about to elaborate on the marital problems of 
the middle class when he suddenly shivered. He looked at his 
sister who was staring at him and said, “I am now at the cusp of 
a turning point in my life. I have to devote all my attention to 
studying. I will only be confident of chasing after my desired girl 
when I have found a job that Im satisfied with and have a 
reasonable amount of savings. Only then will I be able to provide 
her with a good life.” 


Klein and Melissa froze, then asked in unison, “You have a girl 


that you fancy?” 


Benson, who had merely given a perfunctory reply, was shocked. 
He shook his head in a hurry. 


“No! I was merely giving an example!” 


In a dark, gloomy house of Backlund, Hillston Borough. 


A middle-aged man with graying hair sat silently on a rocking 
chair in front of an unlit fireplace with a dark colored pipe in his 
hand. He looked at the guest on the sofa. 


He was the master of this building, Isengard Stanton, a private 
detective with notable fame. But he didn’t set up an office, 
merely hiring assistants to assist him. 


Isengard, who was dressed in a white shirt and black vest, 
brought the pipe to his lips and inhaled in an intoxicated 
manner before slowing exhaling. 


“The fee for a thirty minute consultation is one pound. If I were 
you, I would definitely not waste a second.” 


The two ladies on the sofa across from him were Fors Wall and 
Xio Derecha. They had found materials relating to Vice Admiral 
Hurricane Qilangos and wanted to ask this detective to 
consolidate the habits and actions of their target. 


Of course, they had removed Qilangos’s name and changed the 
description regarding supernatural incidents. 


Xio Derecha handed the folder containing the documents to 
Isengard’s assistant, a browned-haired young man wearing gold- 
framed spectacles. 


“Mr. Detective, I hope that you can find habits in the target’s 
actions using the material we have provided.” 


Even though she wasn’t tall, Xio Derecha had an air of authority 
when she sat straight and spoke with a deep voice. 


Isengard stared at her and received the docket from his 
assistant. He opened the folder and took out the material within. 


He set down his pipe and focused on reading page after page 
without missing a single one. 


Ten minutes later, this gentleman slowly tapped on the handle. 


“The target has an obsession with the wind... He won't stay for 
long in a polluted area in Backlund, the Capital of Dust. In other 
words, he could be staying at the Empress Borough, West 
Borough, Hillston Borough, Cherwood Borough, or the suburbs of 
the North Borough... 


“The target is a psychotic serial killer with the need to kill 
someone every other day... The most logical thing he could do is 
to target the vagrants that have nowhere to go. Even the police 
have no records of the exact number of vagrants in Backlund... 


“The target wouldn’t be living in an area too near or too far from 
North Borough or Backlund Bridge, which have the highest 
concentration of vagrants... It would be the act of someone 
unsophisticated to search for victims that are too close to him. 
That isn’t consistent with your descriptions... If the target has to 
spend a large amount of time before he can find someone to 
murder, then he might lose control of his desires and commit 
crimes that would easily expose himself... 


“The target is an experienced sailor and has exceptional mobility 
in the water... A reasonable deduction would be that he wouldn’t 
be living somewhere too far away from the water. If anything 
unexpected happens, that would be his best means of escape...” 


“In summary, we can outline the possible radius of activity for 
the target. He should be living somewhere close to the Backlund 
Bridge area. Perhaps somewhere close to both banks of the 
Tussock River—the West Borough or the Cherwood Borough...” 


“I can only deduce this from the materials that you have given 


me. 


Even though they didn’t understand all of it, his deductions 
seemed to make sense. Xio and Fors looked at each other and 
nodded. They took back their materials and stood up to leave. 


Seeing his assistant send off the two ladies, Isengard took out a 
bronze item from his vest pocket. It was an open paperback 
book. In the middle of the book was a vertical eye. 


Isengard rocked his chair, rubbing the item while softly 
muttering to himself, “Qilangos has infiltrated Backlund?” 


In a particular basement of Pritz Harbor. 


The Hanged Man Alger sat in a chair, looking coldly at a 
struggling man. 


This man was dressed like a sailor. His head was enveloped by a 
film of pale-blue water and his face was purple from holding his 
breath. 


He was scratching at the film on his face with both hands, but 
all he could do was flick droplets of liquid. 


Finally, he could no longer hold his breath and gave a signal of 
submission. 


Alger smiled, then nonchalantly clapped his hands. 


The thin film of water dispersed, turning into droplets that fell to 
the ground. 


The sailor took in a deep breath and coughed violently. He 
coughed so hard that it tugged at his heart and lungs. 


After waiting for the man to recover, Alger leaned back. He 
emulated the peaceful and calm tone of The Fool. 


“Tell me the reason why Qilangos went to Backlund.” 


“H-he’s there to complete a commission, but I’m not sure about 
the details.” The pirate had completely lost the will to resist. He 
answered honestly, “All I know is that he might receive 
something that he wants. Qilangos once boasted in front of us. 
He said that if this mission was a success, he would be able to 
obtain something he’s dreamed of getting for a long time. The 
Four Pirate Kings would then become the Five Pirate Kings.” 


An object he’s been dreaming of obtaining? Alger knitted his 
brows and slipped into deep thought. 


Klein didn’t rest on Monday morning. He followed his plan and 
continued his investigation on the buildings with red chimneys 
in Tingen. 


Unfortunately, he didn’t come across his target. 


He returned home near noon. He heated up the leftovers from 
yesterday’s dinner and paired them with bread before taking an 
hour’s nap. 


At about twenty minutes to three in the afternoon, Klein put his 
book down and sealed his room with a wall of spirituality, once 
again entering the mysterious world above the gray fog. 


He sat at the seat of honor at the ancient bronze table, extending 
his hand toward the crimson star representing Sun while 
ignoring the frequency of his heartbeats. 


In the City of Silver. 


Derrick Berg was sweating on the practice grounds. His vision 
suddenly blurred as a heavy fog entered his view. He saw The 
Fool sitting high above, deep within the fog. 


He froze, then stopped whatever he was doing and bowed his 
head. 


When the illusion vanished, he counted his heartbeats silently 
and carried his silver sword to a rest area quickly. 


A thousand heartbeats later, he locked himself in a bathroom. 


After about ten breaths, he saw the red light swell over him and 
swallow him in an instant. 


Above the gray fog, Klein leaned back into his chair and tapped 
his left molar twice to stealthily activate his Spirit Vision. 


He saw that the mottled color deep within The Sun’s Ether Body 
had turned pure, akin to the light of dawn. He smiled and said, 
“Congratulations, Mr. Bard.” 


At the same time, he saw the stars behind The Sun’s chair shift 
quickly, turning into the symbol of the Sun. 


It transformed without my will, as if it was a reflection of the Sun. 
Also, other than the palace, table, and chairs, the items that I 
conjure cannot be preserved once I leave this world... They are very 
special... There sure are many secrets to this world above the gray 
fog... Klein took in everything in front of him as he 


contemplated. 


Derrick lowered his head and replied humbly, “This is all due to 
your assistance. This is but the beginning.” 


He wasn’t surprised that The Fool knew that he had consumed 
the potion. 


Klein took out his silver pocket watch and looked at the time. He 
chuckled and said, “Then let us start the gathering. Remember, 
the frequency, or should I say gap between the gatherings should 
be about the same in the future.” 


As he was speaking, he established a connection with the 
crimson stars representing Justice and The Hanged Man before 
pulling them into the majestic palace. 


Audrey looked at the scene before her and immediately greeted 
him. 


“Good afternoon, Mr. Fool. I have a page of the diary of Emperor 
Roselle with me.” 


“Good afternoon, Mr. Sun. Have you gotten the formula for 
Telepathist?” 


Chapter 158: Preparedness Averts Peril 


How enviable it is for Miss Justice to always maintain a cheerful 
mood. I wish I could be like that... Listening to her lively 
greetings, Klein couldn't help but sigh wistfully. 


He then recalled the time when she had taken out a thousand 
pounds so easily, and he realized that it would be very difficult if 
he wanted to maintain his cheerful emotions like Miss Justice. 


The Sun, Derrick Berg, was a young man that cared a lot about 
his reputation. He immediately replied, “I have obtained the 
Telepathist formula.” 


For the past week, he had been settling the inheritance that his 
parents had left him. Besides the property, furniture, and a few 
sentimental items, the rest of the valuable items were brought to 
the black market in the City of Silver in exchange for the 
Telepathist formula and the Bard potion’s ingredients. His meals 
were now rationed. 


However, he believed that the situation wouldn’t be for long. 
When he passes the combat examination, he would then join the 
team that cleansed the Things of the Dark in the outskirts of the 
city and be paid a decent amount. 


When I become stronger, I’ll apply to become a member of the elite 
squad, to explore the depths of the dark and find a way to remove 
the curse... Derrick thought with hope as he looked towards The 
Fool who was engulfed in the fog. 


He noticed that last time after Miss Justice made a request to Mr. 
Fool, she was able to produce a page of the unknown Roselle 


diary out of thin air! 


Although Derrick didn’t quite understand what had happened, he 
felt that it'd be better if he watched Mr. Fool. 


“First, recall the formula in your head. Then, grab the pen by 
your side and instill it with the strong desire to express your 
thoughts.” Klein casually leaned back in his high chair. 


As The Sun was from the City of Silver, which might be the 
Forsaken Land of God, the pen that instantiated before him 
wasn’t a fountain pen, but a quill instead. 


Of course, there still wasn’t any ink. 


Derrick didn’t dare to doubt what The Fool said, so he 
immediately grabbed the quill that suddenly appeared by his 
hand. 


He followed The Fool’s instruction, and as expected, he saw the 
Telepathist potion formula appear on the brown goatskin 
parchment before him within seconds. 


After looking through it twice, Derrick silently pushed the 
promised item towards Miss Justice. 


Audrey was overjoyed and eager, but she took the parchment 
gracefully. She glanced at the page, and the words that Klein had 
translated came into sight. 


“Main ingredients: Phantom Netherdrake’s complete pituitary 
gland, 10 ml of Half Specter Rabbit spinal fluid. 


“Supplementary ingredients...” 


Main ingredients that I’ve never heard of... Hmm, I don’t know 
enough. Audrey, who had been trying to learn more about the 
different types and names of Beyonder ingredients from Fors 
and Xio, seemed to fret in thought. 


During such moments, she would completely forget how a 
Spectator should behave. 


Suddenly, Audrey heard a light rapping sound. She quickly 
looked towards the seat of honor at the long bronze table 
subconsciously. 


She was surprised to see Mr. Fool rapping at the edge of the table 
with his right index finger while he gestured to her with a nod. 


What’s going on? Audrey was confused as her eyes wore a vacant 
look. 


Just when she was about to ask, the corner of her eyes suddenly 
saw some changes on the Telepathist formula. There were 
remarks next to some of the ingredients: 


“Main ingredients, Phantom Netherdrake’s complete pituitary 
gland (also known as Rainbow Salamander), 10 ml of Half 
Specter Rabbit (also known as Farsman Rabbit) spinal fluid. 


“Supplementary ingredients...” 


I know all of these! Audrey was stunned at first, then there was 
an intense surge of delight from the bottom of her heart. 


“Thank you, Mr. Fool. You're really very knowledgeable.” She 
looked towards the seat of honor as she thanked and sincerely 
complimented him. 


The Hanged Man Alger didn’t know what had happened, but he 
felt extreme contempt towards what Justice had said. 


How could you describe a godlike figure with the word 
“knowledgeable”? 


His existence alone is equivalent to knowledge itself to a certain 
extent! 


Klein accepted Miss Justices compliments without any 
misgivings because this wasn’t something he could’ve done just 
because he had chanced upon the Psychology Alchemists’ 
Telepathist formula. 


After he pulled The Sun into the Tarot Club, he had been taking 
precautions against such problems by taking into consideration 
The Sun’s special circumstances of being from the City of Silver. 
He had been constantly studying ancient terminology. Therefore, 
even if Daxter Guderian hadn’t managed to get the formula in 
time, he could’ve made the notations easily. Through prior 
divination and comparison, he had made certain that both 
Telepathist formulas were accurate. 


This is why we say, “Preparedness averts peril...” Klein thought 
smugly. 


Audrey looked at the Telepathist formula a few times and then 
reined in her gaze unwillingly. She then personally expressed 
Roselle’s diary onto a page. 


“you deserve this.” She put down her pen and looked towards the 
fog-engulfed Fool. “In addition to this, Pll give your Blessed 
another 300. Is 300 pounds okay?” 


She sounded a little guilty because the three pages of Roselle’s 
diary only cost her twenty pounds, while the Sheriff formula at 
Sequence 8 required 450 pounds. 


In other words, from the perspective of simple math, she had to 
pay another 430 pounds on top of the three pages of the diary. 


However, Audrey felt that it was thanks to her luck that the 
seller didn’t know the value of Roselle’s diary. It allowed her to 
buy it at a low price. 


Emperor Roselle’s diary costs at least fifty pounds per page! 
Audrey held her fist and encouraged herself. 


300 pounds? Until today, I’ve only seen that much money at Sir 
Deweyville’s place... Klein sighed and pretended to not be 
interested in money as he nodded and said, “A reasonable deal. 


“This is my Blessed’s information.” 


He avoided speaking of terms like “Backlund Bank” and 
“anonymous account” verbally through The Fool’s mouth as they 
damaged his image. He made them appear on the parchment 
before her. 


Klein had taken time to visit Backlund Bank’s Tingen branch last 
Wednesday while investigating the houses with red chimneys. 
He had disguised himself and opened an anonymous bank 
account. 


The account only required one to memorize his account number 
and the corresponding password in order to withdraw cash from 
any Backlund Bank branch. 


If one found that it wasn’t secure enough, he could also request 
to add in a signature and thumbprint verification. But that 
would be more troublesome. 


In order to keep his identity secret, Klein left it with a password. 


The password is written in ancient Hermes: “The Fool that doesn’t 
belong to this era, the mysterious ruler above the gray fog; the 
King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck.” 


As ancient Hermes itself can be used for rituals and prayers, 
anyone who dares to copy the password would be reciting my 
name. Then, I'll immediately receive a signal, and can simply find 
out who’s the one trying to steal my wealth from the world above 
the gray fog! Klein was very satisfied with the idea that he came 
up with. 


The only downfall was that it would slightly expose the existence 
of The Fool, but the risk was within an acceptable range. 


Audrey pushed the diary page to Mr. Fool as she took the 
parchment with the information of The Fool’s Blessed. Recorded 
on it, was the Backlund Bank and a bunch of numbers that 
formed the anonymous bank account. 


I wonder if Mr. Fool’s Blessed is a male or female, and which 
Sequence he or she is... Hmm, he must be very powerful, at least 
not weaker than Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos... Audrey 
couldn’t stop her thoughts from wandering. 


But she quickly focused and memorized the anonymous account. 


“It doesn’t have to be so troublesome.” Just then, she heard The 
Fool’s low yet gentle voice. “When you get home, recite my name 
and you'll be able to write down the information directly.” 


This would be just like when I drew the red chimney scene through 
divination... An account number is very important, you can’t 
memorize it incorrectly... Klein added in his head. 


That works too? From Mr. Fool’s words, he appears very confident. 
He lives up to his status of a godlike figure if he can even do this... 
Audrey was stunned at first before coming to the realization that 
everything seemed to make logical sense. 


But, why did I have to memorize the formula earlier? Audrey was 
suddenly confused again. 


At that moment, Klein pressed down on the page of Roselle’s 
diary, but he wasn’t in a hurry to read it. He looked to the side at 
The Sun and calmly asked, “What compensation would you 
like?” 


Derrick thought seriously and said, “As of now, I don’t have 
anything that I desperately need... I should digest the Bard potion 
very soon. I shall wait until then to request my compensation. 
Yes, perhaps to prepare for the corresponding Sequence 8 
formula or the necessary ingredients.” 


Sequence 8 is Light Suppliant, which I have... but the ingredients. 
Even if I had them, I would have no idea how to give them to you. 
Wait, he used the word digest... Indeed, the City of Silver knows of 
the “acting method”... Hmm. The highest Sequence there is only 
Sequence 4, so are they limited by ingredients? Klein nodded in 
deep thought, agreeing to the deal. 


Audrey also sharply noticed the word “digest.” She weighed her 
words and asked, “Mr. Sun, are you aware of the ‘acting 
method’?” 


Derrick looked at Miss Justice in confusion and answered 
straightforwardly, “It’s nothing strange... The general education 
classes in the City of Silver teaches the ‘acting method.” 


The “acting method” is taught in general education classes... 
Audrey stole a glance at The Hanged Man and realized that he 
was looking back at her. The two of them suddenly fell silent. 


The origin of The Sun is indeed mysterious. I wonder where Mr. 
Fool pulled him into the Tarot Club from... The more I think about 
it, the more I revere him... Audrey settled down and looked at The 
Fool who didn’t look visibly surprised in any way. 


Then, Alger probed, “Mr. Sun, do you talk about any key things to 
look out for with respect to the ‘acting method’?” 


“yes.” Derrick nodded without hesitation. “It’s clearly stated in 
our general education classes that the one and only key point for 
the ‘acting method’ is to ‘Remember that you're only acting.” 


As expected... We’re using an ingenious method to go around 
obstacles and completely break down the remnant spirits in the 
potion, without submitting to it... The Sun, you’re such a simple 
boy. You just shared important information by accident... Klein 
smiled and cast his eyes on the diary page before him. 


Chapter 159: Bestowment and Sacrifice 


Messy Chinese sentences were scribbled on the yellowish-brown 
goatskin. 


“2nd August. This goes deeper than I imagined. History sure is 
something that can be manipulated easily. 


“Sth August. I witnessed the abilities of a High-Sequence 
Beyonder today. It was scary indeed. There’s a qualitative change 
that has happened to them in a particular aspect, it was as 
though they've transformed into a deity. It’s no wonder that we 
describe them as ‘Demigods’, though I think calling them 
‘Legendary beings’ is more fitting. 


“6th August. There’s something strange going on. Why would the 
Seven Major Churches adopt such a strange attitude towards the 
potions? At the low to middle Sequences, they not only provide 
the main ingredients to those who managed to advance, but 
theyre also generous enough to share the formulas and 
demonstrate the process needed to create the potion. They would 
also explain in detail if a ritual is needed to create the medicine, 
yet finished potions are the only things they provide to those 
who are advancing to the higher Sequences. 


“This isn’t logical. Shouldn’t they keep the formula a secret for 
the lower Sequence potions and give the candidate the completed 
potion since it’s relatively easy to gather the necessary 
ingredients and create the potion? As for the higher Sequence 
potions, shouldn’t they share the formula and make the 
promising members search for the ingredients due to the 
difficulty of obtaining the main ingredients? 


“There must be some hidden secret to this. 


“9th August. The events of the past two days have made me feel 
uncomfortable. I started the Industrial Revolution with my own 
hands and personally ushered in the Age of Steam and 
Machinery, but this will only become the hotbed for the 
descending of an Evil God upon this world?” 


What does he mean? The conditions necessary for the Evil God to 
descend upon this world? Klein knitted his brows, his index 
finger tapped on the edge of the ancient table. 


Did Mr. Fool encounter a difficult problem? Anything that can 
trouble him must be something of another level... Audrey looked 
at the leader obscured by the thick fog and interpreted his state 
through his body language. 


Klein was indeed pondering over the problem related to the 
upper echelons, but he didn’t arrive at an answer. He considered 
the possibility of using divination to gain some sort of revelation. 


Yes, it would be impossible to divine something of use with such 
simple sentences. I'm not a prophet... What if I divine with the 
statement, “the conditions necessary for the Evil God to descend 
upon this world”? It feels too risky... The Evil God might not be as 
horrifying as the Eternal Blazing Sun, but its abilities might be 
much more mysterious. It might be able to trace the divinations 
back to me. There’s also no way to divine how large of a risk I'll be 
taking if I were to divine that statement. After all, just divining if 
something poses any danger is dangerous once it has deities 
involved... 


I'll keep this question in mind and put more effort into 
observation. 


The arrangement of the Churches regarding potions is indeed 
mysterious. I wonder what kind of secrets they’re hiding? Perhaps 
I'll receive some hints about that once Spirit Medium, no, Spirit 


Guide Daly is made Archbishop or a high-ranking Deacon and 
enters the core of the Church... 


Roselle’s description does make me look forward to the power of 
High-Sequence Beyonders... 


Many thoughts flashed through his mind before Klein stopped 
tapping on the edge of the ancient table and looked at Justice, 
The Hanged Man, and The Sun. 


“you can start your discussion freely now.” 


Alger immediately said, “Mr. Fool, Miss Justice, I received a new 
piece of information. Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos infiltrated 
Backlund to complete a difficult mission. He might stay for an 
extended period of time and create an appalling tragedy. Also, I 
know that this incident involves a very important item, an item 
that would allow Qilangos to quickly become a High-Sequence 
Beyonder.” 


“Quickly become a High-Sequence Beyonder? Does he not fear 
losing control of himself?” Audrey asked, adopting the posture of 
a Spectator. 


Qilangos was only a Sequence 6 Wind-blessed, so there was still 
a Sequence between him and Sequence 4. 


Alger had expected this question. He answered honestly, “That’s 
why the object is important to him.” 


“Of course, those are simply my deductions. The information I 
received goes like this: Qilangos believes that once he completes 
the commission and obtains the object, he will be the equal of 


Nast, the King of the Five Seas. The Four Pirate Kings would then 
become the Five Pirate Kings, and the Seven Pirate Admirals will 
be reduced to six. 


“The average person might not aware of this, but as Beyonders, 
we should know that Pirate Kings are either High-Sequence 
Beyonders or are able to reach the combat strength of a High- 
Sequence Beyonder with the use of Beyonder ships and 
mysterious items. For Qilangos to be acknowledged as their 
equal, he must reach standards that are close to that. That’s my 
deduction.” 


All I know is that the King of the Five Seas, Nast, is a Sequence 4 
Beyonder, but I’m not sure of the name of his potion... Klein 
listened on silently, not giving his opinion. 


The Sun, Derrick Berg, didn’t understand anything The Hanged 
Man said. He didn’t know who was who, but he still listened 
attentively. He felt a new door had presented itself in his world. 


Pirates? The place they live in has seas that are mentioned in 
books? Then, the environment these people live in is very different 
from the City of Silver... They don’t seem to be very worried about 
the curse or the attacks of the Things of the Dark. It definitely 
makes me very curious... But, Mr. Fool once instructed me not to 
ask about the secrets of others. It’s a very rude gesture... Derrick 
thought in his heart, once again observing The Hanged Man and 
Justice. 


“you deduction is very reasonable. Of course, that could also be a 
mysterious item that could hold its own against a High- 
Sequence Beyonder,” Justice replied with a smile. 


The Hanged Man looked at the fog-enshrouded Fool, pondered 
over his words, before he looked at Justice and emphasized, 
“There are two key points in what I said just now, the first being 


the fact that Qilangos will stay in Backlund for some time. The 
second is that the incident involves a very important and very 
mysterious object.” 


So, Mr. Fool, are you not tempted? There is ample time for you to 
send your Blessed to Backlund... Alger added in his heart but 
didn’t dare say it out loud. All he could do was beat about the 
bush. 


Mr. Alger, you don’t need to emphasize this repeatedly, I know 
what you are getting at... But my abilities do not allow me to 
interfere in these matters. Furthermore, I can’t leave Tingen 
without permission... Klein leaned back and thought in 
frustration. 


Ignoring the Blessed, I can actually find two relatively strong 
Beyonders to help... 


One is Daly, who has advanced to Sequence 6, but I cannot tell her 
everything. The most I can do is mention that I’ve gotten some 
information that Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos has infiltrated 
Backlund and is living at a particular street and what he plans to 
do. That way, Daly might directly enlist the help of the 
Nighthawks, making the situation very complicated and 
troublesome... If you guys cannot find anybody to help you when 
the time comes, then I can try that to prevent a tragedy... 


The second person is Mr. Azik, but I cannot expose my identity as 
The Fool to him. I don’t have a proper reason to get him to 
interfere with this incident... 


Many thoughts flashed through his mind as Klein replied slowly, 
“lm aware.” 


Seeing how The Fool continued to not place much importance in 


the matter regarding Qilangos, he sighed and held back his 
disappointment. He started asking about the investigation Miss 
Justice conducted last week. 


“..In conclusion, we have more or less targeted the general area 
Qilangos will be at, and we'll soon start the next phase of 
investigations.” Audrey first gave a simple summary, then with 
the attitude that she was doing something important, said, “We 
need more information, preferably the hobbies and habits of 
Qilangos.” 


Alger recalled, “He loves to fish, especially fish from the sea. He 
would slice it and eat it raw... 


“He also likes hard liquor, and despises champagne, red wine, 
and the like... 


“He will often look for women to relieve his needs whenever he 
heads to shore, and with his strong body, one woman will not be 
enough to satisfy him... 


“He’s used to using cold weapons and avoids hot weapons. 


“He cannot be away from water for long periods of time. What I 
mean is that he needs to swim or dive once every couple of 
days.” 


Audrey committed these facts to memory, creating an ample 
character of Qilangos in her mind. 


“Let’s hope that the investigation will be a success. It’s a pleasure 
working with you.” She smiled after Alger was done. 


“My pleasure.” All Alger could do was force himself to believe in 
Miss Justice, who had considerable power in Backlund. 


Throughout the interaction, Klein seemed to be listening 
intently, but in reality, his thoughts had been diverted to another 
question. That was the question of how to deliver ingredients to 
Sun if he did manage to obtain them. 


Now that he had a passable understanding of the field of 
mysticism, Klein instinctively followed the line of thought of 
using ritualistic magic. This reliance was natural given the 
successes he had when using ritualistic magic. 


When I was previously flipping through the confidential 
information of the Nighthawks, I came across records of the 
Goddess bestowing holy items to her followers. There were also 
records of items descending in rituals involving evil gods or 
devils... Does this mean that I can “bestow” someone something 
when responding to their prayers, and transfer materials that 
way? 


In previous attempts, I could only reply with thoughts containing 
pictures and voices. But that doesn’t mean that it'll always stay 
that way... There could be some new changes when I advance to 
Sequence 8... 


There’s also something important to consider. Can I bring 
material from the real world into the world above the gray fog? 
And... Hmm... Oh right, there’s often a step for “sacrifices” in 
rituals involving evil gods and devils! Can I consider “sacrificing” 
something to myself? 


In that way, perhaps I can bring some material from the real 
world into the world above the gray fog... 


If this attempt is successful, I can get items directly from Justice, 
The Sun, and The Hanged Man, and then bestow them to myself. 


Yes, “sacrifice” is considered a more advanced ritual, so I won’t be 
able to learn of it for now... 


The most important thing to do now is to improve my abilities! 


Klein reined in his thoughts, and once again listened in on the 
conversation of the other members. He listened as their 
discussion changed from Qilangos to the characteristics of 
particular monsters. 


Sometime later, he smiled. 


“Let’s end it here for today.” 


“By your will.” The Sun, Justice, and The Hanged Man stood up at 
the same time. 


After severing the connections of the members, Klein quickly 
descended from the fog and left the mysterious space. 


When he returned to his room, he dispelled the wall of 
spirituality and pulled back the curtains by the oriel window, 
allowing the sunlight to shine in. 


There are two important things to do this week. The first is to get 


examined and advance to Sequence 8. The second is to make 
Flaring Sun Charms. Its powers might be even higher than that of 
Sequence 7 or 6... Klein looked outside with anticipation. 


Tomorrow. I should be able to receive the report of Mr. Azik’s 
paranormal disturbances tomorrow! 


Chapter 160: Seizing the Oyportunity 
Tuesday morning. 


Having completed his mysticism curriculum, Klein didn’t look 
for a quiet corner to read “Comparison of Ancient and Modern 
Names” or “Nighthawks Case Compendium,” and instead stayed 
in the break room to play cards with Leonard, Kenley, and 
Royale. 


I only told Mr. Azik to create an opportunity for me to take Sealed 
Artifact 3-0782 out... It’ll still depend on my improvisation skills to 
seize the opportunity... Klein’s mind wasn’t on his cards, so he 
played terribly. He lost five soli in an hour, and he felt the pinch. 
He planned to concentrate on the game to recover some of his 
cash. 


After he bought various ingredients for the Flaring Sun Charms 
yesterday afternoon, his private stash of cash reduced to less 
than one pound once again. Plus, he had to pay two soli every 
day for the carriage rental fees to search for the house with the 
red chimney. 


As they were waiting for Kenley to shuffle the cards, he picked 
up the copper penny before him and spun it casually. 


He suddenly felt Royale’s gaze on him, a very intense gaze. 


What? Klein was first stunned, then looked at the copper penny 
that was about to fall. 


...Is she wary of me cheating with divination? We’re just playing 


cards amongst ourselves, do we have to be so serious about this? 
He suddenly understood and slammed down the penny with a 
dry laugh. 


Just then, Dunn Smith knocked on the door and entered. He 
looked around and said, “There’s a situation in Morse Town. 
Leonard, please handle it.” 


Morse Town? Klein felt his mind jolt as he pretended to ask 
curiously, “Captain, what kind of situation?” 


Dunn glanced over and explained, “Recently, there have been a 
few paranormal cases in the area. Firstly, people would hear 
sobs when walking past the cemetery and see vague figures 
flash by. Then, a widow encountered her deceased husband 
when she woke up to use the bathroom in the middle of the 
night. She nearly fainted from the fright. In addition, there was 
an elderly man who lived alone. He began hearing heavy 
footsteps reverberating in the house all the time. However, 
silence reigned once again the moment he lights a candle or gas 
lamp. The people in the town are believers of the Goddess, so the 
local priest reported the situation.” 


No one got hurt, and it almost borders on the level of a prank... It 
should be Mr. Azik... Klein used an expression and tone that he 
had rehearsed many times. “Captain, there might be a secret 
link for these paranormal cases to happen so suddenly. In this 
situation, divination could provide an important clue. I think I 
can help Leonard.” 


Upon hearing that, Leonard’s green eyes immediately locked 
onto Klein. He was apparently trying to find clues and traces 
from Klein’s face. 


Dunn nodded first but remained quiet and hesitant. 


When klein saw the Captain’s response, he immediately added, 
“Some of these things might require ritualistic magic to purify 
them.” 


“Makes sense.” Dunn thought and said, “You and Leonard will 
head to Morse Town then.” 


Without anyone saying anything else, he additionally added, 
“Hmm, you won't be able to make it for your combat training in 
the afternoon. I'll send someone to inform Gawain.” 


Phew, the first step is complete... Klein silently let out a sigh. He 
quickly packed away his soli and pence. 


Then, he suddenly paused and looked sideways at Dunn. He said 
solemnly, “Captain, I think we should prepare for the worst. If 
there’s a powerful wraith behind the paranormal events, it 
might be very dangerous for only Leonard and I. Plus, it takes 
two, uh—three hours to get to Morse Town, right? Even if we 
manage to send a telegram to request for backup in time, we 
would still have to hold out for quite a while...” 


“So?” Dunn interrupted. 


“I want to get the assistance of another teammate.” Klein 
pretended to think for a moment and said, “And, according to 
the rules, a mission with three or more Nighthawks involved 
can apply for a level three Sealed Artifact. Yes, 3-0782 is most 
suited for this job.” 


Upon hearing that, Leonard laughed and said, “Exactly your 
style. Careful, cautious, taking no risks.” 


You seem to be implying that I'm a coward... I’m a person who 
looked directly at the Eternal Blazing Sun! Klein pretended that he 
didn’t hear Leonard and earnestly looked at Dunn Smith. 


“Captain, what do you think?” 


“We should really take extra care against any accidents. There 
have been too many coincidences lately...” Dunn nodded 
thoughtfully and looked at the other two teammates. “Kenley, 
join Leonard and Klein on their trip to Morse Town. Oh, hurry up 
and write an application. After I sign it, retrieve Sealed Artifact 
3-0782 from Chanis Gate.” 


“Alright,” the short Kenley said, putting down the cards in his 
hand. 


Alright! Klein fist-pumped in his mind while he looked anxious 
and solemn on the outside. 


At that very moment, Seeka Tron was monitoring Hood Eugen in 
the asylum while Frye was on duty at Chanis Gate. 


Klein left the recreation room and put on his black tuxedo. He 
took his hat and cane, then waited together with Leonard for 
Kenley at the stairway that connected to the basement 


There was no one there, and it was extremely quiet. Leonard 
suddenly looked sideways at Klein and said, “I think you'd better 
give up on any unrealistic dreams.” 


“Ah... What?” Klein replied in confusion. 


Leonard walked forward and stood by the edge of the stairs. He 
looked into the darkness of the stairway. 


“Even during a mission, it will be impossible for you to discover 
my secret and understand my uniqueness.” 


...Bro, can you stop thinking so highly about yourself? Did you 
think I applied for this mission to spy on you? I didn’t even have 
such thoughts! Enlightened, Klein chuckled. 


“How can you be so sure that my uniqueness won’t help to reveal 
your secret?” 


Leonard’s expression grew grave, but he then smiled and said, “It 
will, huh? I shall wait for you to discover it then.” 


When I gather more information and items, I will go to the world 
above the gray fog to help you perform a divination. You’re 
welcome! Klein thought sarcastically in his head. 


Soon, the small-framed Kenley brought the Mutated Sun Sacred 
Emblem up the winding stairs. 


When Klein felt the unique warmth and purity, he secretly 
heaved a sigh of relief. He knew that he had finally completed 
the very first and most difficult step in his plan of siphoning the 
powers of the Eternal Blazing Sun’s divine blood. 


Then, the three of them left the Blackthorn Security Company 
and walked to Zouteland Street. They walked towards the 
carriage that belonged to the Nighthawks. 


“will the purifying effect bother the horse?” Kenley suddenly 
asked anxiously. “I don’t want a horse that can only praise the 
Sun to pull the carriage...” 


He had been a Nighthawk for longer than Klein, but he was far 
from experienced. 


“No, Sealed Artifact 3-0782 only purifies living entities with a 
high level of intelligence,” Klein lowered his voice in response. 


If not, I wouldn’t be bitten by insects... he added blankly in his 
head. 


“Oh, I see... Haha, I didn’t read the information thoroughly 
enough.” Kenley pressed down on his black silk hat and laughed 
in enlightenment. 


As Klein had yet to master the skill of driving of a carriage, he 
sat inside the carriage for the following three hours. He rubbed 
the Sealed Artifact 3-0782 in his hand while he watched Leonard 
and Kenley take turns driving. 


They finally arrived at Morse Town around lunchtime. 


“How beautiful...” Kenley complimented sincerely as they 
stepped down from the carriage and looked towards the 
boundless golden wheat fields that surrounded the town. 


The dates representing the Volcanic constellation was coming to 
an end, and the Bumper Harvest constellation was going to rule 
everyone’s life. 


Leonard was in the driver’s seat as he looked around and opened 
his mouth, as though he was going to recite a sonnet. 


But in the end, he only spurted one sentence, “How beautiful.” 


Klein held back the urge to laugh as he put on his top hat, took 
his cane, and got off the carriage. 


At that moment, a middle-aged man in a black priest’s gown 
walked over. He drew a crimson moon on his chest and said, 
“Praise the Lady. Are you the friends that Saint Selena Cathedral 
sent to help us?” 


“Yes, Priest Siur. May the Goddess bless you.” Leonard jumped off 
the carriage and replied with a smile, “We're here to take care of 
the recent paranormal incidents.” 


“Seemingly. Seemingly.” The gray-haired, blue-eyed Siur saw 
many townsfolk approaching as he quickly emphasized. 


Morse Town wasn’t big. Regardless of which direction one chose 
to travel in, one would enter the plains within ten minutes. The 
people who stayed there knew each other, so what happened 
earlier had spread. 


Many townsfolk were waiting for the Church of Evernight to 
send people to resolve the problem. Hence, when they saw that 
the priest was greeting three strangers, they quickly surrounded 
them out of concern and curiosity. Some tiptoed and some tried 
to hear what they were saying. 


Leonard chuckled and said, “Priest, don’t worry. We're 
professionals. Look, we brought Holy Water, silver daggers, Dark 


Sacred Emblems, and also garlic.” 


He took out the described items from the inner pockets of his 
clothes as though he was pulling a magic trick. 


Garlic? Are you trying to stink the spirits to death? Klein found it 
ridiculous yet funny as he watched Leonard’s performance. 


Siur wore a look of confusion, and he even started to suspect that 
the Saint Selena Cathedral had sent over a bunch of frauds. 


The citizens who surrounded them revealed gratified smiles, as 
though they were finally in safe hands. 


Leonard got close to Priest Siur and explained softly into his ear, 
“They believe in these things...” 


Without waiting for the priest’s reply, he added, “Let’s have lunch 
at the church first. Then, we shall take care of those matters.” 


Yes, lunch is very important... When those paranormal incidents 
are taken care of, it’ll be time to take turns looking after Sealed 
Artifact 3-0782, and also the opportunity for me to make Flaring 
Sun Charms... Hopefully, everything goes smoothly... Of course, 
making Flaring Sun Charms during the daytime would get the 
best results... Klein thought, brimming with anticipation. 


Chapter 161: Inverted Mausoleum 


Most of the buildings in Morse Town adhered to a style that was 
popular a hundred years ago. The most eye-catching building in 
the town was the black cathedral spire. 


After settling the carriage, Klein and the others quickly finished 
their lunch of bread, toast, bacon, butter, and coffee. 


“We can still tolerate about two hours and thirty-five minutes of 
Sealed Artifact 3-0782’s purification.” Kenley stood at the door of 
the church and took out a pocket watch from his suit’s pocket. “I 
suggest dealing with the suspected haunting incidents first to 
prevent the situation from getting worse. Then we can return to 
the church and take turns watching over the Sealed Artifact to 
recover.” 


Under normal circumstances, Sequence 9, 8, and 7 Beyonders 
had to stay far away from the Mutated Sun Sacred Emblem for 
two hours to recover completely, or at least an hour if they were 
to make a partial recovery. 


“Alright.” 

“I have no objections.” 

Klein and Leonard spoke in unison. 

“Then which case should we deal with first?” Kenley asked. 


Leonard wiped away his frivolous attitude and said, “Let’s start 


with the old man living alone who heard heavy footsteps in his 
house.” 


“Why?” Kenley asked instinctively. Klein was also interested to 
hear an explanation. 


Could this be the intuition of a poet? He mocked Leonard secretly. 


Leonard shifted his gaze from Kenley’s face to Klein’s, then 
looked at Kenley again. He smiled. 


“Because it’s the closest to the church.” 


“How did you know that? It’s not written in the records...” Klein 
asked. 


Leonard snickered. “Didn’t I go to the bathroom during our meal? 
I came across a trainee priest on my way back and had a 
conversation. He told me that Noah’s house was close to the 
church—Oh yeah, the old man’s name is Noah.” 


He sure lives up to his name as an experienced Nighthawk when it 
comes to performing missions... Klein gave a dry laugh. He turned 
to Kenley and said, “Then let’s go to Noah’s house first.” 


“Alright.” Kenley didn’t have any objections. 


They arrived at Noah’s house a mere minute later... 


Noah was an old man with thinning white hair. He had lost his 
left hand in a war when he was younger and had no choice but 


to leave the army. He returned to his hometown after he received 
his compensation. 


At that moment, he opened the door and looked at the three 
strangers in front of him before looking at Siur who was rushing 
over from the cathedral. He said with a raspy voice, “Come in, I 
hope that you can solve my problem. I heard that you brought 
Holy Water, Sacred Emblems, a silver dagger, and garlic? This is 
great, my worries have eased greatly. Please forgive my 
blabbering, you have to understand the condition of an old man 
after not being able to sleep peacefully for two nights, Oh my 
Goddess, I’ve been so scared all this time that my head feels like 
it’s in a cloud.” 


Leonard suddenly straightened his back when he entered the 
house, his eyes surveying the surroundings. 


After that, Klein felt a cold aura within the room. Those were 
traces of activity left behind by a ghost. 


“There really was an impure being here.” Kenley was the last one 
to notice as he suppressed his voice. 


“Very weak,” Leonard said with a relaxed tone as he retracted his 
gaze. 


The Midnight Poet was a job with a relatively high spiritual 
sensitivity when compared to all the other Sequence 8’s in the 
Church’s records. 


“Yes.” Klein could feel the warmth and purifying energy of Sealed 
Artifact 3-0782 quickly dispelling the sinister aura in the room 
without any trouble. 


At this moment, the people of the town had all gathered at 
Noah’s house, all looking curiously at Klein, Leonard, and Kenley. 


Cough! Leonard cleared his throat and recited, “We have the 
blessings of the Goddess, those impure beings will vanish quickly 
and won't bring about any more trouble.” 


After that, he shot a look at Klein for him to perform a 
“purification ritual” for everyone to see. 


Why me? Klein shot a look back. 


Of course, he didn’t know if Leonard understood what his gaze 
meant. 


But clearly, Leonard understood. He said softly, “You’re the expert 
in rituals.” 


Alright, blame me for being the one who volunteered for this 
mission. Klein tidied his clothes and took out the Holy Water, 
Sacred Emblems, a silver dagger, and garlic from Leonard. 


He first placed the Dark Sacred Emblem in front of his chest, 
then peeled the garlic and tossed its cloves one by one to every 
corner of the house. 


“Hmm, this is how garlic is used to dispel ghosts?” 


“It’s different from the descriptions in the newspapers...” 


“Will this work?” 


The townsfolk looking at them broke into discussion, they were 
curious and excited, as if they were watching a circus. 


It’s useless! I'm just acting! Klein suddenly felt that he had 
become a clown. He closed his eyes and splashed the holy water 
onto the ground with the silver dagger. 


He splashed the water as he walked around the house, reciting 
an incantation, “The Evernight Goddess... 


“The Mother of Concealment... The Lady of Crimson... 


“Empress of Misfortune and Horror... 


“Mistress of Repose and Silence...” 


These typical acts of a charlatan shocked everyone present as the 
townsfolk fell silent. 


And once people turned silent, it was easy for them to notice 
something they missed. 


“What a warm feeling.” 


“It feels like 'm sunbathing...” 


“No, I feel like ’m looking at a pure sky...” 


“How magical... Is this the effect of the Holy Water?” 


“They sure live up to their names as priests from Saint Selena 
Cathedral!” 


“Praise the Lady!” 


The townsfolk discussed in whispers. The looks they gave Klein, 
Leonard, and Kenley slowly became that of respect. Noah also 
visibly relaxed, not doubting that the problem had been solved. 


Sealed Artifact 3-0782 is doing all the real work here... We don’t 
actually need to do anything to chase the ghosts away, all we need 
to do is stay here for a minute. It’s not tiring or troublesome at 
all... After Klein purified the sinister aura off every corner of the 
house, he opened his eyes and put away his silver dagger, 
drawing the shape of the crimson moon in front of his chest 
with a serious expression. “Praise the Lady!” 


“Praise the Lady!” the townsfolk replied devoutly. 


“We still have things to deal with, but we need absolute silence.” 
Leonard smiled as he looked around. 


The townsfolk, after witnessing something so professional, 
didn’t stay. They receded from Noah’s house like a tide following 
Priest Siur’s lead. Even the master of the house had to leave 
temporarily. 


“I actually wanted to take a nap...” Noah pouted as he walked 
toward the cathedral. 


Leonard took a step forward and closed the door, then turned 
towards Klein. 


“Perform a divination on the cause of this incident.” 


“No problem.” Klein also wanted to find out what he could 
divine. 


I know Mr. Azik did this, but he seems to be of a rather superior 
nature. Haha, a person that can live for 1300 years must be of a 
superior nature... So my divinations should definitely be affected. 
Under such circumstances, without the help of the mysterious 
space above the gray fog, even I’m not sure what revelations I 
would receive... Klein took out the pen and paper he brought 
along with him and wrote down a divination statement: 


“The cause of the haunting at Noah’s house.” 


He held the piece of paper and walked to a round table. He then 
took a seat, closed his eyes, and leaned back. 


Klein suddenly saw a black mausoleum in his blurred, hazy 
dream world. 


It was similar to a pyramid, but stood inverted and was almost 
fully buried. 


A black fog obscured everything within the ancient mausoleum. 


Klein snapped awake and opened his eyes. 


“Did you find anything?” Kenley asked in concern. 


Klein thought for a moment and described the revelation he 
received in his dream without hiding anything. He ended it by 
saying, “The mausoleum was definitely not in the style of the 
Northern Continent, I mean the Fifth Epoch. fm somewhat of an 
expert in this field.” 


Leonard nodded, seemingly in thought. 


“That’s an Inverted Pyramid from the Southern Continent. It 
represents the entering of the nether realm from the living 
world. It’s a mausoleum that only the so-called Descendants of 
Death can erect for themselves, be it in the Balam Empire of the 
past, or its satellite states such as the Highlands Kingdom. 


“In some sense, it’s the symbol of Death. 


“Well, the ghosts are definitely related to Death. The results of 
the divination are undoubtedly correct!” 


Ignoring Leonard’s mockery, Klein suddenly had an interesting 
thought. 


Could Mr. Azik be the descendant of Death, or could he have made 
a transaction with Death to obtain such a long life? 


According to a chapter from The Revelation of Evernight, as well as 
the internal records of the Nighthawks, Death was a malevolent 
god, once causing a catastrophe in the Northern Continent at the 


end of the Fourth Epoch. Those times were now referred to as the 
Pale Era. 


Hmm, it’s said that Death fell to the combined efforts of the Seven 
Gods... It’s impossible to determine when Lamud Castle was built 
—but it couldn’t have been built before the Pale Era. 


If there was a connection, then there would be something to 
investigate regarding the person working behind the scenes, lives 
in the house with the red-chimney, and stole the skull of Mr. 
Azik’s child... 


Of course, this could be an excuse for the Northern Continent to 
colonize the Southern Continent. After all, most of the inhabitants 
of the Southern Continent believes in Death... 


The three Nighthawks didn’t stay for long since they didn’t 
discover anything. They soon left Noah’s house and started 
dealing with the two other haunting incidents. 


The same process, the same results. They quickly rid the town of 
the auras of dead spirits but didn’t manage to find the cause of 
all the trouble. 


Along the way, Leonard asked the townsfolk if any strangers had 
entered the town in the past few days, but received a negative 
answer. 


Mr. Azik didn’t come? He must’ve come and left in secret without 
anyone noticing him. He sure is cautious... When he said that he 
would be returning to Tingen by Wednesday, did he mean that 
these spirits would vanish on their own accord today, even if we 
weren't here to deal with it? Klein thought about it as he returned 
to the entrance of Morse Cathedral with Leonard and Kenley. 


They could still last another hour and forty-five minutes with 
the Mutated Sun Sacred Emblem. 


“We'll take one hour shifts looking after the Sealed Artifact.” 
Klein suppressed the excitement in his heart. He looked at the 
color of the sky and said, “Let’s try to head back to Tingen City for 
dinner.” 


“No problem.” Leonard glanced at Klein and laughed. “But for 
safety’s sake, I suggest that two people look after the Sealed 
Artifact while one rests.” 


Klein froze for a moment, his mind churning quickly. He smiled 
in reply. 


“Sure, but this way, we have to calculate the most logical 
rotation. Who gets to rest first? Who’s next? And who will be 
last? How much time do we need to recover? And by how much? 
Well—I think that we have to establish an algorithm with an 
unknown value in order to establish the best way, then compare 
it with the effectiveness of having one person look over it at a 
time... It’s even better if we can compare the efficiencies too. Let’s 
first assume that the unknown value is...” 


“Wait!” Leonard’s green eyes were blank, filled with fear. “If 
that’s the case, let’s look after it one at a time. The person 
looking after it will stay in the cathedral during his shift, as it 
has a sufficiently large radius. Of course, we'll have to get Priest 
Siur and the rest to stay somewhere else. The other two will 
stand guard outside the church and prevent others from coming 
close.” 


“I share the same opinion.” Kenley had felt a headache coming 
on as Klein spoke about the mathematical problem. 


“Alright.” Klein nodded, looking as though he was forced to do so. 


If he hadn’t been able to convince his partners, then he would 
have to make a deal with Leonard in secret, giving away some 
information about himself to get him to leave. 


But the problem was solved now! 


Chapter 162: Intense Sunlight 


Weak light shone through the narrow window from high above, 
making the interior of Morse Cathedral a little more visible. 


Klein put his top hat on his knee while he leaned his leg against 
his cane. He sat quietly on the first row of the left pew and 
looked at the altar before him. 


There weren’t any statues of the Goddess except for a massive 
Dark Sacred Emblem. Its base was black, with a crimson half- 
moon that was surrounded by radiant points of light. 


On the wall behind the Sacred Emblem, there were a few 
openings which allowed sunlight to shine in from the outside. 
They were focused into tiny specks of pure light which combined 
with the dark surroundings to form a scene that resembled that 
of a lofty cosmos. 


None of the traditional Gods ever left behind an actual image. Only 
their symbols are worshiped and glorified by people... That seems 
to be a manifestation of the command, “Do not look directly at 
God”... Klein let his thoughts wander. He wasn’t in a hurry to 
make the Flaring Sun Charms as soon as he got the opportunity 
to be alone with Sealed Artifact 3-0782. 


He felt that he had to be careful, patient, and had to wait. Within 
the first fifteen minutes, it was possible that Leonard and Kenley 
would enter at any moment to remind him about points that he 
should take note of. 


In this extremely quiet atmosphere, time flew by quickly. Klein 
suddenly snapped back to his senses as he took out his silver 


vine-leaf pocket watch, flipped it open, and took a glance. 


Twenty minutes have passed... He muttered to himself. He then 
set his silk top hat and silver edged black cane by the side. He got 
up and walked towards a hidden corner near the altar. 


At first, he faced the side of the altar, but once he saw the large 
Dark Sacred Emblem and the holy scenery that resembled a 
depiction of a night sky, he felt guilty and uncomfortable. Hence, 
he turned his back to the altar. 


Then, Klein took out the Sealed Artifact 3-0782 from the inner 
pocket of his black tuxedo. He bent down to place the golden 
unadorned badge on the ground. 


Klein took a look at the Sun symbol that was filled with abstract 
meanings, then he took out a small candle mixed with 
sandalwood. He put it right at the bottom of Sealed Artifact 
3-0782. 


That was the dualistic ritual that he learned from the Eternal 
Blazing Sun. He used an item that was closely related to the deity 
to represent “Him” while he used the candle to represent 
himself. 


He took a deep breath to ease his tense emotions. Klein then took 
out the items required for the ritual, one after another, including 
a carving knife, two thin gold slices, Sun essential oil extracted 
from the combination of black-rimmed sunflower, golden- 
rimmed sunflower and white-rimmed sunflower, Golden Hand 
fingered citron powder, and also rosemary powder. 


After that, Klein adeptly used the silver ritual dagger to guide the 
flow of spirituality. He guided it to flow around the simple altar 
and created a shapeless sealed wall. 


He squatted down, placed the silver dagger down, and extended 
his right hand. He lit up the candle that represented himself by 
rubbing his spirituality. 


Under the flickering dim light, Klein picked up the Sun essential 
oil and dripped a drop onto the flame. 


With a puff, an illusory fog spread out with the slight scent of 
sunlight. 


After burning the fingered citron and rosemary powder, Klein 
held the carving knife and golden slices. He stood up, took a step 
back, and then recited in Hermes, “The blood of the Eternal 
Blazing Sun. 


“you are the Inextinguishable Light, the Embodiment of Order, 
the God of Deeds, the Guardian of Businesses.” 


Inextinguishable Light, Embodiment of Order, God of Deeds, and 
Guardian of Businesses were all parts of Eternal Blazing Sun’s 
honorable titles. If there wasn’t the prefix of the blood of the 
Eternal Blazing Sun, the ritual would require the god’s response 
to proceed. If so, Klein suspected that the Eternal Blazing Sun 
would recognize him as the disrespectful person that looked at 
“Him” directly. Then, Leonard and Kenley would only find a pile 
of black ashes when they entered. 


Plus, the ritual had to be conducted via Ancient Hermes, a 
ritualistic language that stemmed from nature. Only a language 
without any protection but had outstanding effects could allow 
an incantation to sidestep around the Eternal Blazing Sun and 
point towards the Mutated Sun Sacred Emblem. 


At the same time, as he was stealing the power from a deity, 
Klein had no way to divine if it would be successful ahead of 
time. He felt that it would result in him directly dealing with the 
deity again. So, he could only recite the rest of the incantation 
with a strained heart, “I pray to you, 


“I pray for you to give me strength, 


“Give me the strength to complete the Flaring Sun Charm. 


“The blood of the Eternal Blazing Sun, please transfer your 
strength into my charm... 


“Oh fingered citron, a herb that belongs to the Sun, please bestow 
your powers to my charm...” 


As the incantation neared completion, Klein suddenly felt 
something light up before him. 


The simple gold badge radiated with an intense light, as though 
the sun had descended onto the land. 


Klein suddenly found himself enveloped in extreme heat. His 
hair was heating up rapidly and was almost on the brink of 
igniting. 


His feet felt like they were stepping barefoot on yellow sand that 
had been exposed to the midday sun, and his face and body were 
greeted with the hot wind blowing from every direction. 


In that instance, he felt that he needed to do something to let the 
burning energies out. Otherwise, he would turn into a human 
candle. 


It required almost zero thought as Klein lifted both his hands. 
While his thoughts were boiling over like porridge, he relied on 
the combination of his spirituality and the strong winds, as well 
as his instincts and ritualistic guidance, to begin etching 
symbols, corresponding Path Numbers, magical characteristics, 
and ancient incantations onto both sides of the gold slices with 
his carving knife. 


Outside the church, Leonard was standing in the shadows to 
hide from coming into contact with direct sunlight. 


Suddenly, the sunlight intensified, like the hottest days of a year 
in early July. 


He squinted his eyes and looked towards the sky. He saw that the 
blue sky had no clouds or dust. It was so pure that it made 
people gasp with admiration. 


“Such strange weather.” Beside him, Kenley also noticed the 
changes in the sunlight. 


Leonard responded with a smile when he suddenly turned his 
head. 


He knitted his eyebrows slightly and cast his gaze towards the 
cathedral. 


“Luckily Rozanne isn’t here. Otherwise, she would be 
complaining about the sun tanning her skin,” Leonard looked 


away and said with a smile. 


The blazing sunlight remained intense for a few minutes before 
it returned to normal. 


In the cathedral, Klein’s carving knife finished the final stroke. 


As he finished the magical characters that represented light, the 
Spirituality on both sides of the gold slices suddenly melded 
together, as the light converged onto the metal. 


No, this is even closer to godhood... Klein was finally relieved 
from the boiling and burning sensations. He examined the two 
Flaring Sun Charms in his hands with a clear mind. 


The golden luster on the surface of the charms had turned dim, 
and the pattern looked ancient yet complex. There was a warm, 
damp feeling that seeped into Klein’s skin bit by bit. 


“Not bad. I finally have a more impressive trump card.” Klein 
sighed emotionally. 


He set the activation incantation for the Flaring Sun Charms as 
the word “light” in Ancient Hermes. 


I want light and there will be light... He quipped, amused. Then, 
he put the Flaring Sun Charms into another pocket. He didn’t put 
them with the Slumber, Requiem, and Dream Charms, because 
the Flaring Sun Charms would decrease their efficacy period. 


“yes, the power of the Flaring Sun Charms can be maintained for 
at least a year, or even longer.” Klein reined his thoughts back 


and looked at the Mutated Sun Sacred Emblem on the ground. 


It didn’t look any different on the surface, and it still gave off 
feelings of warmth and purity. Klein finally relaxed, and quickly 
completed the ritual and removed the spiritual wall. 


At that point, he thought to examine himself. He realized that 
his clothes were almost drenched, and he was covered in sweat. 
The edges of his hair were slightly curly too. 


Thankfully, thankfully... Klein sighed in satisfaction. He put 
away his things and returned to his original seat. He was so 
exhausted that he slept the moment he sat down until he was 
woken up by footsteps. 


His eyes shot open, and he touched the Flaring Sun Charms 
subconsciously to see if they were still there. 


“you don’t look alright?” Leonard asked as he entered the 
cathedral. 


Klein massaged his temples, stood up and smiled. 


“Tm nearing my limit.” 


He took out his silver pocket watch and took a glance. “Just in 
time. It’s your turn to look after Sealed Artifact 3-0782.” 


Before he finished speaking, Klein took off the Mutated Sun 
Sacred Emblem and passed it to Leonard. 


Leonard watched Klein walk out of the cathedral. Then, he 
dropped his frivolous attitude and examined Sealed Artifact 
3-0782 attentively and seriously. He grew confused and looked 
bewildered. 


After the shifts ended, the three Nighthawks began their journey 
back. 


Before that, they told Priest Siur to take note of the town’s 
situation. If there were any paranormal incidents, he was to 
immediately send a telegram to Saint Selena Cathedral. 


At twenty minutes past seven that night, they finally arrived at 
Zouteland Street and returned Sealed Artifact 3-0782. 


When he had made sure that the Captain didn’t notice anything 
unusual, Klein left the Blackthorn Security Company and arrived 
home before eight. 


He took out his keys and opened the door, only to see an 
unknown figure. 


It was obviously a maiden who wasn’t even in her twenties. She 
was in an old, grayish-white dress, and she was wiping the 
dining hall with all her might. 


She had black hair and brown eyes. Her eyes were small, her 
nose wasn’t sharp enough, and her facial features were very 
ordinary. 


Who is this? Klein was stunned at first, then he realized that she 
was most likely the maidservant that had come for a trial. 


At that moment, Benson lowered his newspaper and looked at 
his brother. He smiled and said, “A company that doesn’t allow 
employees to leave the office on time is annoying.” 


“But it provides a salary that can counteract any kind of 
dissatisfaction,” Klein replied with a laugh. 


When Miss Justice’s 300 pounds reach me, I'll inform Benson and 
Melissa about my raise to six pounds a week, that way they would 
worry less about our family’s finances... Klein thought as he put 
his cane aside and took off his top hat. He walked to the living 
hall and lowered his voice as he asked, “Have you made a 
choice?” 


He had divined the information of the three maidservants the 
day before, and he had found that all three were suitable. Hence, 
the decision was left to his brother and sister. 


“Yes, Bella. Weekly salary of five soli. She’s very willing and also 
capable of learning cooking. She hopes that she can become a 
home chef, at which point her weekly pay will double. Her father 
is a factory worker at the Tingen Steelworks Union Factory, and 
her mother is a laundry worker,” Benson replied with a chuckle. 
“Of course, another thing that led Melissa and me to the decision 
is that the other two servants believe in the Lord of Storms, and 
she is a believer of the Goddess. I personally don’t mind the 
believers of the Lord of Storms, but Melissa didn’t quite like the 
idea.” 


It wasn’t that Melissa didn’t like it, a more accurate description 
would be “I grieve at their misfortune and am infuriated at their 
refusal to resist.” Yes, it was said by Lu Xun! Klein recalled his 
sister’s behavior and revealed a smile. 


Benson didn’t elaborate further. He put down the newspaper and 
stood up. 


“Since you're back, let’s have dinner.” 


The next day, Klein entered the Blackthorn Security Company in 
a good mood. 


“Good morning.” Rozanne looked to the left and then the right. 
Then, she said, “Old Neil is sick, let’s go and visit him at noon. 
What say you?” 


“Old Neil is sick?” Klein asked in surprise. 


Could it be that the ritual for treating diarrhea caused severe 
constipation? 


Well, from the way he acted after learning of the “acting method,” 
it’s not impossible for him to suddenly fall sick... He’s getting old, 
so once his mind turns frail, his body would also suffer from those 
ramifications... 


Rozanne nodded and said, “Yeah, he sent someone to the Captain 
to request some time off.” 


Klein nodded slightly. “Let’s visit him at noon. Sigh, Old Neil sure 
is pitiful. His wife passed away early, and his son is busy in 
some other city. When he’s sick, all he can do is stay at home in 
loneliness and helplessness.” 


That was the first thing he recalled from his first visit to Old 
Neil’s house. 


Listening to Klein’s sigh, Rozanne opened her eyes wide and 
asked in shock, “When did Old Neil get married?” 


Chapter 162: Various Signs 


What? Klein was left dumbfounded when he heard Rozanne’s 
question. He recalled in his daze, “I previously visited Old Neil’s 
place just last month. I saw a piano in the living room and he 
told me that his deceased wife loved music...” 


As he spoke, Klein suddenly became alarmed as he began having 
unpleasant thoughts. 


Rozanne knitted her beautiful brows and said with uncertainty, 
“Perhaps I remembered wrong... No, Mrs. Orianna and I 
frequented Old Neil’s place during the earlier half of the year. 
There was no piano in his living room back then. I clearly 
remember asking him why he chose to remain single. His 
answer was that he hasn’t met a lady that he wished to marry...” 


There was no piano during the earlier half of the year, and he 
answered the question of why he chose to remain single... Klein 
tightened up and asked in a deep voice, “Rozanne, how long has 
it been since you visited Old Neil’s place?” 


“Not ever since Kenley became a Nighthawk, and Viola chose to 
resign as a Clerk. I’ve been either burning the midnight oil or 
catching up on sleep, so how could I have the time to visit him? 
It’s been... since the beginning of June.” Rozanne became a little 
lost upon receiving the question, so all she did was answer 
honestly. 


Klein’s heart sank as if he sensed something was wrong. 


He fished out a halfpence from his pocket and held it between 
his thumb and middle finger. 


He took a deep breath and quickly decided on a divination 
statement. 


“There’s something wrong with Old Neil’s current situation. 


“There’s something wrong with Old Neil’s current situation.” 


His pupils quickly darkened as he recited the statement silently 
and entered Cogitation. 


Ding! 


He flicked his thumb, pushing the brass coin into the air and 
allowing it to spin. 


Pak! The coin fell right into Klein’s open palm. 


This time, the portrait of George III was facing up. 


The portrait signified that it was correct, that it was positive. 


That meant that there really was something wrong with Old 
Neil’s current situation! 


As Klein clenched the coin, he suddenly remembered the 
translucent pair of cold and ruthless eyes without any brows 
that he had seen behind Old Neil when he had just become a 


Beyonder and was experimenting with his Spirit Vision. 


Old Neil had explained that the pair of eyes was a characteristic 
of ritualistic magic! 


That’s right, I also saw an almost formless human figure by the 
door at the periphery of the light. The color of its aura was 
identical to the surrounding darkness... Also, after I completely 
digested the Seer potion, I secretly changed the way I activated my 
Spirit Vision to the tapping of my left molar. I happened to look at 
Old Neil and he suddenly coughed violently... Scene after scene 
appeared in Klein’s mind, turning his expression grim. 


Rozanne looked at him and asked in fear, “Did Old Neil lose 
control? No way, even though he’s petty and stingy, and wants to 
be reimbursed for all of his expenses, he’s still a good person. He 
rarely gets angry. No way, he wouldn’t lose control...” 


“I cannot be sure, but I think that Old Neil is on the brink of 
losing control.” Klein consoled Rozanne. He quickly made his 
way past the partition and opened the door to the Captain’s 
office. 


Dunn Smith was startled by the sudden intrusion, nearly 
choking on his coffee. 


“What happened?” He didn’t blame Klein, his expression 
instantly becoming stern. 


Klein answered simply without hiding anything, “Captain, my 
divination tells me that there’s something wrong with Old Neil. 


“Last month, Old Neil told me that his late wife loved music, but 


today, Rozanne told me that he’s remained single all this time. 


“Also, on the day that I became a Beyonder, I saw a pair of 
mysterious eyes looking over everything behind Old Neil. There 
was also an almost transparent human figure near the door 
spying on us. He told me that those were characteristics of 
ritualistic magic. 


“I felt that something was off and, thus, attempted a divination.” 


After Dunn finished listening intently, he stood up immediately. 
As he walked over to to the coat rack, he asked in puzzlement, 
“Why didn’t you directly divine if Old Neil had lost control?” 


“Over the past month, Old Neil hasn’t acted any differently from 
ordinary Beyonders. He even worked with me to help Swain deal 
with a Mandated Punisher who had lost control. I’ve also 
observed the colors of his aura from time to time and noticed 
that he’s relatively healthy other than his frailty that’s due to his 
age. Thus, I think that he’s only close to losing control. He could 
still be saved,” Klein explained his point of view in one breath. 


Dunn put on his black hat and trench coat before nodding. 


“A very reasonable deduction... Let’s go pay a visit to Old Neil 
now, and oh—try not to agitate him if possible. 


“After that, we can attempt to control him and use ritualistic 
magic to stabilize his condition to prevent it from getting worse.” 


Control... Klein had an idea when he heard this term. 


“Captain, could we use Sealed Artifact 3-0611?” 


He had been thinking about how he could resolve Old Neil’s 
problem and save him, but he hadn’t arrived at an answer as he 
had been too flustered, too uneasy, and too worried. He was 
reminded by Dunn Smith’s words and recalled that the Sealed 
Artifact might be useful. 


“Number: 0611. 


“Name: Peaceful Hair Strands. 


“Danger Grade: 3. Considerably dangerous. It has to be used 
carefully. It can only be applied for operations that require three 
or more people. 


“Security classification: Official Nighthawk member or above. 


“Sealing Method: No direct contact with living organisms. 


“Description: A simple decoration formed with many strands of 
black hair. 


“AS long as contact is made with a living being without any 
protection, the living being would lose all their desires and 
emotions, including, but not limited to: Hunger, Anger, Grief, 
Pain, Envy, Jealousy, Hate, Joy, Satisfaction, Greed, etc. 


“It has been ascertained that living beings under 0611’s influence 
will even lose the desire to break contact with it. They will 
silently stay in their spot until the end of their life. 


“If an external force is used to break contact between the person 
and 0611, then the person will gradually recover. But 
experimental data suggests that the prerequisite to this is that 
the person has not been in contact with the Sealed Artifact for 
more than two hours. 


“Once the contact lasts for more than two hours, the victim 
would become silent for eternity. 


“The highest Sequence tested is Sequence 5. 


“You can avoid contact by means such as wearing gloves. 


“The strands of hair do not have any living traits. It doesn’t have 
any inclinations of escaping the seal. 


“Appendix: These strands of hair appeared during a failed 
advancement. It was something left behind when a Captain of 
the Nighthawks failed to advance to Sequence 6.” 


The grayed-eyed Dunn nodded after he heard Klein. 


“Great suggestion, I nearly forgot about 3-0611. Find Royale in the 
recreation room. I'll retrieve the Sealed Artifact from Chanis Gate 
and submit the application after we come back.” 


That’s the way, no time to waste! Klein didn’t dawdle. He 
immediately went to the recreation room and shouted for the 
usually expressionless Sleepless Royale. 


“What’s the mission?” Royale asked calmly. 


Klein exhaled and said in a serious tone, “Pay Old Neil a visit.” 


“Pay Old Neil a visit... he?” Royale opened her eyes wide as she 
had an ominous feeling. 


“It’s not confirmed yet.” Klein shook his head gently. 


Royale didn’t speak any further. They slipped into silence, 
turning the mood heavy. 


A few minutes passed, and Dunn finally returned from the 
basement. 


He was wearing black gloves and had a tangled mess of black 
hair in his hand. 


Compared to the Mutated Sun Sacred Emblem, the Peaceful Hair 
Strands didn’t look particularly weird. It would be glossed over by 
people if it were tossed on the road somewhere. 


After calling for the chauffeur Cesare, the four of them made 
their way to Old Neil’s house. 


The wheels of the carriage rolled across the asphalt road that 
was wet from the rain. The carriage interior was more silent 
than the night. 


It was unknown how much time had passed until Dunn sighed. 


“Old Neil did have a partner that he was about to be engaged 
with when he was younger, but she suddenly became terminally 


ill. Old Neil risked divulging the secrets of the Beyonders and 
tried using ritualistic magic to save her, but he didn’t succeed. 
Old Neil back then was just a beginner in mysticism. 


“According to the records, the Nighthawks back then were all on 
alert, afraid that Old Neil would lose control because of this. But 
luckily, he managed to find his sanity and looked normal.” 


Let’s hope that this is a false alarm as well... Klein couldn’t help 
but draw a crimson moon before his chest and prayed, “May the 
Goddess watch over him.” 


Dunn and Royale followed suit. 


“May the Goddess watch over him.” 


The sky started to turn brighter as the dark clouds receded. The 
Nighthawks arrived in front of Old Neil’s bungalow. 


After getting Cesare to drive the carriage far away, Dunn 
collected himself and walked towards the main door, cane in 
one hand and Sealed Artifact 3-0611 in the other. 


Klein pressed down his hat as he and Royale followed behind the 
Captain. They made their way past the rose and gold mint 
garden. 


When they reached the door, Klein took a step forward and 
pulled on the rope connected to the bell within the building. 


Clink! Clang! 


A pleasant chime resounded in the house as it broke the heavy 
silence. 


Clink! Clang! Clink! Clang! Klein pulled several times, then 
politely took a step back without making any further attempts. 


The three Nighthawks waited patiently for a few minutes, but 
they didn’t hear any footsteps approaching the door. 


“Perhaps Old Neil went to visit a doctor and isn’t at home.” Klein 
forced a smile. 


He hadn't finished his sentence when a melody came from 
within the building. It was the music from a piano. It was like a 
silent lake veiled by a thin mist beneath the moonlight. 


Dunn’s expression became abnormally stern and grave. Klein’s 
heart sank as well. 


Just as he was about to do another divination, he suddenly saw 
liquid flowing out from the gap beneath the door. 


The stream of liquid was transparent and pure at first before 
being dyed crimson, a crimson similar to that of blood. It was an 
intensely dark crimson red. 


Chapter 164: Miserahle Wretches 


The color of fresh blood was reflected in Klein’s eyes as they 
intently locked onto the flowing liquid. 


Just then, there was a light cough from within the house. Old 
Neil spoke with a raspy voice, “Dunn, why are you here?” 


Dunn’s gray eyes were extremely deep. His mellow voice replied 
calmly, “I heard that you're sick, so we came to visit.” 


There was a sudden silence in the house. A few seconds later, Old 
Neil roared in anger and terror, “No! You're lying!” 


Without waiting for Klein and company to say a word, his tone 
suddenly became weak. 


“Yes, I know my condition isn’t quite right.” 


Old Neil... Klein closed his eyes, but the bloody liquid that was 
seeping through the gap of the door didn’t cease. 


Then, Old Neil raised his voice and said, “All this time, I’ve never 
hurt anyone, nor have I thought of hurting anyone! I never—I 
never betrayed the secrets of the Nighthawks, one even one! At 
the most—at the most, I've made claims for undeserving 
expenses. I really haven’t committed any evil!” 


“Klein!” He suddenly shouted like he usually did. “I told you 
about the maxim of the Mystery Pryers, ‘Do as you wish, but do 
no harm.’ I still live by this saying. I'd rather be patient—Id 


rather endure than do things that will harm others...” 


With that said, he pleaded sincerely, in fear, “Dunn, Royale, 
Klein, go back. Go back. Wait till tomorrow—by tomorrow, Ill be 
back to normal. I swear—I swear to the Goddess, I wouldn't 
harm anyone. Really!” 


Dunn closed his eyes and asked extremely gently, “What do you 
plan on doing? What have you been trying to do all this while?” 


“Me?” Old Neil was confused at first before he described with a 
tone filled with hope, “I’m trying to resurrect Celeste. Dunn, I 
found a way, I’m on the right track! 


“You should have heard about it. Back then, I made a mistake 
during the ritualistic magic to treat her illness, so I failed. I 
failed to save her. I now know it was because I had yet to master 
mysticism. But now, I now have enough knowledge and 
experience to complete everything! It’s regrettable that I wasn’t 
inspired by the maxim of the Mystery Pryers and Daly’s example. 
I missed the best opportunity. If-if I was a High-Sequence 
Beyonder, all of this would become extremely easy.” As he spoke, 
Old Neil’s voice sounded tearful, “No, I cannot give up again... 
Dunn, go back. Go back, please. I beg of you.” 


Klein clenched his teeth as he heard the Captain ask 
emotionally, “How do you plan on resurrecting Celeste?” 


Old Neil instantly became very excited. 


“Tll use the ‘Alchemical Life’ method to create an immortal body 
for her. Dunn, you might not know of it, but Sequence 4 
Beyonders from the Church of Earth Mother are good at this. The 
corresponding Sequence in the Savant pathway can barely do it 
as well. Yes, I will complete it with the aid of God’s favor. 


“Then, [ll summon her spirit from the spirit world and pray for 
God’s help to combine her spirit and body together. 


“Isn't it a great idea?” 


Dunn lifted the corner of his lips forcefully and said, “Yes, it’s a 
great idea. Old Neil, let us in. Perhaps we can help you.” 


“Dunn, are you still not willing to let me off the hook?” Old Neil 
pleaded, “Go back, just go back. Ill return to normal tomorrow, 
really. Dunn, I swear I'll never steal your coffee beans again. 
Klein, Royale, I swear I won't make you help me with my 
undeserved claims! Really!” 


In Klein’s and Royale’s blurry vision, Dunn lowered his head 
before lifting it up again. “Old Neil, youre misunderstanding 
something. We're here to visit you. You are our teammate. You're 
sick, and you aren't well. We definitely needed to visit you. Open 
the door. Let us see you so that we can be certain. If you're really 
okay, we'll return immediately. As you know, there are especially 
many missions recently. We have to monitor the asylum while 
we take care of various other sudden incidents.” 


Old Neil hesitated for a moment before saying, “There’s really 
nothing serious about my condition, really. Ill recover by 
tomorrow.” 


The bloody water that flowed out through the gap under the door 
went down the stairs, towards the stone path, and onto the 
garden’s soil. 


“Old Neil, we’ve known each other for about fifteen years now, 
right? We’ve worked on countless missions together. I’m really 
concerned and worried about you. I have to see you with my own 
eyes before I'll be at ease,” Dunn said gently. 


“Alright,” Old Neil pouted. “There’s really nothing wrong with 
me.” 


With a creak, the door opened slowly. Klein quickly wiped his 
eyes and allowed his sight to return to normal. 


Then, he saw that the carpet in the lobby was red and sticky, 
covered in blood and hair. 


He looked forward and up, only to realize that the living room’s 
floor, ceiling, round table, piano, and chairs were all covered in 
the same disgusting, sticky and hairy liquid. 


Old Neil’s head hung in the air, connected to the ceiling by a 
thick liquid. His forehead and cheeks each had a pair of eyes. 
They were cold and ruthless eyes with no eyelashes. 


The piano’s keys were dancing on their own, playing a 
melodious tune. 


“Dunn, look. ’'m really okay,” Old Neil said with a radiant smile. 
“Royale, Klein, you think so too, right?” 


The moment he opened his mouth, Klein saw the same thick, 
hairy, and bloody liquid flowing inside it. 


Dunn’s gray eyes shimmered as he chatted like everything was 
normal. 


“Old Neil, where did you learn the Alchemical Life and 
resurrection ritual from?” 


Old Neil replied excitedly, “I heard it. I tried the first part, and 
confirmed its authenticity! Its a gift from God! He kept 
describing it in my ears. He kept describing, He is—He is...” 


Old Neil’s voice came to a halt. More than ten seconds later, he 
continued in fear and at an apparent loss, “He is the Hidden 
Sage...” 


The Hidden Sage? Isn’t that the non-anthropomorphic god that 
the Moses Ascetic Order believes in? The god that was resurrected, 
bringing about evil and corruption... The Moses Ascetic Order has 
the complete Mystery Pryer Sequence... Klein’s heart stirred as 
many thoughts came to him. 


Upon mentioning the Hidden Sage, Old Neil seemed to finally 
awaken. He looked around vacantly and observed everything. 


In the indescribable silence, his six eyes looked towards Dunn, 
and he said with a bitter smile, “So it turns out—it turns out that 
I've already become a monster...” 


Without waiting for Dunn and the others to reply, Old Neil 
suddenly revealed a smile, one of groveling, fear, and cowardice. 


“Let me go. I'll go deep into the mountains and won't appear 
again. I'll never harm anyone. I'll only attempt my ritual quietly, 
really. Let me go, please. I beg of you.” 


Just then, Klein felt something illusory shatter before his eyes. 


Then, Old Neil’s four cold-looking lashless eyes flashed with a 
dark glow and locked onto Dunn. His expression suddenly turned 
cold. 


“you're pulling me into a dream! 


“No, it’s useless! My eyes can see through all of that!” 


The sticky blood that covered the ceiling, floor, and walls started 
squirming, like a giant opening its mouth to swallow Klein and 
company. Old Neil’s head grew blurry like overlapping 
afterimages. 


Klein didn’t fumble for his revolver; instead, he extended his 
hand into his pocket and planned to use his Slumber Charm. 


Suddenly, everything calmed down before him. The sticky, 
bloody liquid suddenly turned placid like a still lake. 


Old Neil lost his coldness, hatred, desire, and all other 
expressions. He became quiet and peaceful. 


It was unknown when Dunn had thrown Sealed Artifact 3-0611 
into the blood. 


The four lashless eyes on Old Neil’s forehead and cheeks slowly 
closed, seemingly having lost the desire to keep them open. 


Any living creature that came into contact with the Peaceful Hair 
Strands would turn peaceful and lose all motivation until the 
end of their life. 


Dunn, Klein, and Royale drew their guns at the same time and 
aimed at Old Neil’s head. 


Then, Old Neil revealed a look of extreme fear. He was struggling, 
his strong desire to live fought against the effects of Sealed 
Artifact 3-0611. 


The four extra eyes disappeared. The wrinkles at the corners of 
his eyes and mouth were still deep, his hair was still white, his 
crimson eyes were still turbid, just like when Klein had first met 
him. 


“Dunn, do you remember the time I saved you... 


“Royale, do you remember when I helped you redeem your 
family’s lives... 


“Klein, do you remember how I taught you mysticism every day? 
Do you remember when we talked about how to make claims? 
Do you remember how I made you hand-ground coffee? Do you 
remember when we fought against a Mandated Punisher 
Rampager?” 


The illusory pleading echoed in Klein’s ears, and his right hand 
that was holding the revolver trembled. He found it difficult to 
pull the trigger. 


Bang! Bang! 


The two silver demon hunting bullets flew out and penetrated 
Old Neil’s head one after another. 


Klein watched as the familiar, abnormal face revealed a hopeless 


expression. He saw the man’s skull tear open, the red and white 
within spurting in all directions. 


The sticky blood that coated their surroundings started 
shrinking as it flowed back into Old Neil’s broken head that had 
fallen to the ground. Dunn and Royale lowered their guns 
simultaneously, and all was silent. 


Klein looked at everything before him—Old Neil’s “corpse” was 
becoming a ball of rotten flesh. He saw that there was a pair of 
eyes, crimson and crystal clear, yet incredibly pained amidst the 
blood and flesh. 


He felt like everything that had happened was just a dream and 
found it impossible to bring himself into believing the sequence 
of events and how it had ended. 


He stood dumbfounded as he saw Dunn take two steps forward, 
his figure stooped. 


Dunn looked at Old Neil’s “corpse” and muttered heavily, “We are 
guardians, but also a bunch of miserable wretches that are 
constantly fighting against threats and madness.” 


Chapter 165: Epitaph 


“We are guardians, but also a bunch of miserable wretches that 
are constantly fighting against threats and madness.” 


Dunn’s words echoed throughout Old Neil’s house. They 
reverberated across the corroded floor, the walls, and ceiling, as 
well as within Klein’s mind and soul. 


He’d never had a stronger impression of that sentence than the 
one he had now. 


He felt that he wouldn’t forget this feeling for as long as he lived, 
even if he were to return to Earth. 


Amidst the still atmosphere, Dunn walked towards Old Neil’s 
“corpse” and kneeled down. He took out a white handkerchief 
from the pocket of his trench coat and covered it over the dark 
red, crystalline eyeball which looked pained. 


At this moment, Klein noticed that the keys of the piano had 
stopped moving. A faint, translucent figure appeared. 


This... Klein, who had activated his Spirit Vision before entering 
the house, froze. 


He hadn’t noticed this strange “soul” until now! 


Was it because he was distracted by Old Neil, or was it due to Old 
Neil’s abilities after he lost control? Klein saw the formless figure 
evaporate quickly, vanishing before his very eyes. He had a faint 


idea of what was going on. 


Suppressing the heavy feeling in his heart, he heard the Captain 
give an order, “Search Old Neil’s house carefully for possible 
clues.” 


“Alright.” When Klein spoke, it took him a minute to recognize 
his own voice. His voice was raspy and deep as if he had the flu. 


“Alright,” Royale also replied. 


The condition of her voice is about the same as mine... It’s like our 
nostrils are blocked... Klein looked at his female teammate, who 
typically didn’t have much of an expression. It was as if he was 
knowing her for the first time. 


Placing his cane on an umbrella rack near the door, he made his 
way around Sealed Artifact 3-0611. He took heavy steps into the 
living room and up to the second floor. He then searched every 
room for possible clues. 


Old Neil employed someone to clean the rooms regularly, so the 
rooms weren't aS messy as one would expect of a bachelor. 
Everything was in order as if there was a female presence in the 
house. 


Half an hour later, Klein found a few handwritten notes on a 
bookshelf in Old Neil’s room. The notes recorded a weird, 
mysterious ritual: 


“Alchemical Life. 


“The materials required include: 100m1 of spring water from the 
Spring of Elves (Golden Spring on Sonia Island), 50 grams of Star 
Crystal, half a pound of pure gold, 5 grams of phlogiston, 30 
grams of red iron... And a large quantity of fresh blood from 
living people.” 


Old Neil annotated beneath the part about fresh blood from the 
living. 


“I can consider drawing my own blood, accumulating it little by 
little and preserve it using ritualistic magic.” 


I can consider drawing my own... Klein closed his eyes and 
crushed the notes. 


On Thursday morning at nine, the time of the moon. Raphael 
Cemetery. 


Klein was wearing his black formal suit and holding onto his 
cane. He stood silently in a corner of the cemetery. 


He had stuffed a neat white handkerchief in his breast pocket 
and was holding onto a Slumber flower. 


Dunn, Frye, Leonard, and Kenley were carrying a black coffin 
that stored Old Neil’s corpse. They slowly walked to the front of 
the tombstone and silently lowered it into the grave. 


As she saw the brown soil being tossed into the grave, Rozanne, 
who was wearing a black dress and a white flower in her hair, 


wept. 


“Can someone tell me if this is all happening for real? 


“Why did he lose control, why did he consume the potion, why 
did he become a Beyonder, why must there be wraiths and 
monsters, why is there no safer way? Why, why, why...” 


Klein silently listened on until Old Neil’s coffin was completely 
buried in the soil; until all signs that he existed were buried deep 
within the earth. 


“May the Goddess bless you.” He drew a crimson moon in front 
of his chest, then took a few steps forward and placed the 
Slumber flower in front of the tomb. 


“May the Goddess bless you.” Dunn, Frye, and the others tapped 
at their chests in a clockwise fashion. 


Klein looked up, straightened his back, and saw the black and 
white photograph on the tombstone. 


Old Neil was wearing his classic black hat; his white hair was 
peeking out around the edges. The wrinkles beside his eyes and 
mouth were deep, his dark red eyes a little turbid. 


He was so peaceful, no longer feeling grief, pain, or fear. 


There was an epitaph carved underneath the photograph. It 
came from the contents of the last entry in Old Neil’s diary: “If I 
cannot save her, then I shall accompany her.” 


The morning breeze blew gently. The silence and emptiness of 
the Raphael Cemetery hung over everyone. 


In the afternoon, Klein took a form signed by the Captain to the 
armory. 


He opened the half-closed door and saw Bredt with a thick, black 
beard behind the table. 


Klein froze visibly before handing the form over. 


“Fifty rounds of ordinary bullets.” 


During his request, he glanced at the tin can on the table. He felt 
as though he could smell the fragrance of the hand-ground 
coffee and hear the cheeky words in his ears, “But why must you 
wait till you have spare cash? You can apply to Dunn and get 
him to approve of the expenses!” 


Bredt noticed Klein’s expression and sighed. 


“I can understand what you're feeling right now. I, myself, 
cannot believe that Old Neil would leave us like that. Sometimes, 
I even feel as though this is a dream conjured by the Captain.” 


“Perhaps this is the destiny of many Nighthawks,” Klein replied 
with a bitter smile. 


After this incident, he felt much more disappointment and 
hatred toward the upper echelons of the Church for keeping the 
“acting method” a secret. 


“Let’s hope that there will be fewer such tragedies, may the 
Goddess bless us.” Bredt drew a crimson moon in front of his 
chest. He took the application form and walked into the armory. 


Bang! Bang! Bang! 


The smell of gunpowder filled the air. Klein vented his 
frustrations onto the target he was shooting at until he finished 
shooting the bullets that he had requested. He then collected 
himself and took a public carriage to Gawain’s house. 


He completed sets upon sets of exercises as if he was torturing 
himself, until Gawain told him to stop. 


“Combat practice isn’t there for you to harm yourself.” Gawain 
looked at Klein with his turbid green eyes. 


“lm sorry, Teacher. I’m a little down today.” Klein exhaled and 
attempted to explain. 


“What happened?” Gawain asked without a ripple of emotion. 


Klein thought for a moment, then gave a simple reply, “A friend 
of mine passed away suddenly.” 


Gawain was silent for a few seconds. He stroked his blond 
mustache and said with a fleeting voice, “I once lost 325 friends 
in the span of five minutes, amongst them were 10 that I could 
trust with my life.” 


Klein sighed in realization. “That is the cruelty of war.” 


Gawain shot a glance at him and let out a self-deprecating 
laugh. 


“The cruelest thing of all is the fact that I can never exact 
revenge for them. I can never fulfill their dreams, and the 
answer eludes me forever. 


“As for you, you still have such a chance. Even though I don’t 
exactly know what happened, I know that you're still young. You 
still have many opportunities.” 


Klein was silent for a moment. He took in a breath and collected 
himself. 


“Thank you, Teacher.” 


Gawain nodded and said without any expression, “Take a ten- 
minute break, then do ten more sets of the exercises you were 
doing just now.” 


“..” Klein was momentarily unsure what expression he should 
show. 


Friday morning, in the recreation room of the Nighthawks. 


Klein, Seeka Tron, and Frye were seated around the round table, 
but they weren’t playing cards. One of them was flipping 
through newspapers, the other was looking out the oriel 
windows in a daze, and the last was holding onto a pen, wanting 
to write something but failing to do so. 


The room was quiet. No one spoke, and no one joked around. The 
atmosphere was heavy. 


Phew... Klein exhaled. He lowered his newspaper and planned to 
focus on reading the materials he had found. 


At that moment, Dunn Smith knocked and entered the room. He 
looked around before saying, “Klein, come out for a moment.” 


What happened? Klein, who had a premonition of what was 
happening, stood up and made his way out of the recreation 
room. 


Dunn stood at the entrance of the stairway leading to the 
basement. He turned and looked at Klein. 


“The person that the Holy Cathedral sent is here.” 


The person examining me is here? Klein’s nerves tensed. 


Chapter 166: Examination 


There was a cold breeze blowing from the basement, providing a 
hint of relief for Klein’s tense emotions. 


It’s finally here. 


Once I pass this stage, I won’t have to worry about being examined 
like this for at least half a year... 


Once I advance to Sequence 8 and become a so-called “Clown,” I'll 
possess actual combat strength. With the aid of divination and my 
Flaring Sun Charms for backup, Ill have a chance of surviving 
even more relatively dangerous situations... 


Since I was waiting for the Holy Cathedral’s examination, I haven’t 
even dared to withdraw the three hundred pounds that Miss 
Justice transferred to the anonymous account. Just in case they 
audit my financial situation and find out that I’m in possession of 
a large sum of money from an unknown source... 


Just as Klein’s thoughts flashed through his mind 
uncontrollably, Dunn Smith smoothed his sleeve and said in a 
low voice, “The person in charge of the examination is one of the 
nine high-ranking deacons of the Nighthawks, Crestet Cesimir. 
The Holy Cathedral attaches great importance to you.” 


“A high-ranking deacon?” Klein blurted in surprise. 


In general terms, the thirteen archbishops and nine high- 
ranking deacons made up the upper echelons of the church. It 
was said that there was no lack of High-Sequence Beyonders 
among them! 


The twenty-two ladies and gentlemen were all equal in terms of 
their rankings. They only followed the orders of the Evernight 
Goddess, and they were only answerable to the Pope. 


Dunn took a whiff of the cold wind from the basement before 
nodding faintly. 


“yes, he’s a high-ranking deacon. But you don’t have to be 
nervous. Crestet is only a Sequence 5 and has yet to enter a 
demigod state. So, you don’t have to be too afraid or reverent. 


“Oh, his title in the Beyonder world is the ‘Goddess’s Sword.’ As 
he possesses a holy item, his combat strength is similar to a 
newly advanced Sequence 4 Beyonder. 


“I just chatted with him. He was very friendly.” 


If I read between the lines, Captain is telling me that he only said 
what was necessary. He doesn’t want me to be nervous and go 
according to the plan... Klein nodded thoughtfully and asked, 
“Where should I met the high-ranking deacon?” 


“The alchemy room where we concoct potions,” Dunn replied 
simply, as a hint of gloominess flashed across his face. 


The alchemy room where we concoct potions? The laboratory 
where Old Neil made my Seer potion? Klein slowly let out a breath 
and returned to the Nighthawks recreation room and took his 


outerwear from the clothes rack. 


He put on the black trench coat, placed his hands into his 
pockets, and walked down the winding stairs that connected to 
the basement. Then, he took a left turn at the cross junction. 


Very quickly, Klein saw a secret door under the light of the 
elegant gas lamps that lined the walls. He saw that the long 
tables in the room had been moved aside to open up a large 
space in the center of the room. 


There were two classic high back chairs facing each other with 
less than a meter in-between them. 


There was a man in his thirties wearing a black trench coat and 
a white shirt seated on the chair that was facing the door. 


His golden-brown hair was cut very short, and his blackish- 
green eyes were as dark as a forest on a moonless night. The 
collars of his shirt and trench coat were put up, and his entire 
chin was hidden within the shadows. 


“Hello, Reverend Cesimir.” Klein bowed. 


Crestet Cesimir had his right leg crossed over his left as he 
leisurely leaned back into his chair. He smiled and replied, 
“Hello, Klein. You may sit over there.” 


He pointed at the high back chair opposite him. 


By the side of his leg was a suitcase made of silver. It was about 
the size of a violin case. 


It can carry a sword with an appropriate length... Klein walked 
forward and sat at his appointed seat. 


Crestet rested his right index finger on his upper lip as he 
thought for a few seconds. 


“I plan to first examine how well you’ve mastered your potion. 
That’s not a problem, right?” 


“Not at all.” Klein shook his head with utmost confidence. 


“Very confident.” Crestet smiled but maintained his previous 
posture. All he did was intently watch Klein. 


Klein suddenly felt the light from the surrounding gas lamps 
vanish, as though they were swallowed by the rich darkness. 


He suddenly became exhausted, as though his biological clock 
had struck the time for sleep. 


But, his mind was extremely tense, making it impossible to 
relax. It was just like when he was unable to sleep peacefully due 
to over-exhaustion. 


The silent “night” filled his surroundings as Klein heard the 
noise of dripping water from a tap that wasn’t closed properly. 
Then, he heard the conversations in the Blackthorn Security 
Company and the movement of the wind blowing through the 
stairway. 


Besides that, he didn’t see anything that he shouldn’t see, nor did 
he hear any noises that he shouldn’t be able to hear. 


“Excellent.” Crestet’s hypnotic voice dispersed the darkness, and 
the light from the gas lamps inside and outside the alchemy 
room came into Klein’s sight again. 


Klein suddenly shook off his exhaustion and returned to his 
previous energetic self. 


He affected me without me realizing it... Is that what a Sequence 5 
Beyonder is capable of? This is the horror of a high-ranking 
deacon? He recalled what had happened and felt a little 
frightened. 


Crestet Cesimir clasped his hands and put them on his knees. He 
bent down slightly, and his lips were blocked by his collar. 


“you passed the test. You achieved a level beyond outstanding in 
the mastery of your potion. 


“Tll need to observe to see if there are any hidden dangers in 
your mind, to make sure that the potion’s remaining spirit 
hasn’t changed your character subconsciously or left some 
problems behind. 


“you have three minutes to prepare.” 


Klein immediately nodded and said, “Alright.” 


He secretly took a breath and allowed himself to enter Cogitation 
to remove various negative thoughts. 


Crestet didn’t speak again. He took out a silver pocket watch 
from the inner pocket of his black trench coat and flipped it 


open. 


Then, he attentively watched the second hand move. 


Three minutes later, Crestet closed his pocket watch and said 
with a smile, “I'll begin singing.” 


Singing? Klein wore a look of confusion. 


Before Klein could reply, Crestet started humming a lovely 
melody. 


The melody reverberated in the alchemy room and gradually lost 
its harmony and went out of tune. 


Squeak! Scratch! Zing! Klein heard the noise akin to the 
scratching of blackboards with nails, the sound of bubble wrap 
rubbing against each other, electric drills drilling, and various 
other annoying noises. 


The noises intensified and turned more and more chaotic. They 
made him want to vent his frustrations and cause destruction. 


But Klein, who frequently experienced the mad ravings and 
terrifying screams, restrained his urges very quickly. 


He displayed annoyance, tension, frustration, and insecurity at 
appropriate times. 


Being in too perfect of a state would end up being a problem! 


It was unknown when Crestet Cesimir had stopped singing. The 
noises in the alchemy room disappeared and room the was 
awash with tranquility and silence. 


Silence sure is great! Klein exclaimed in his head. 


“Very good, excellent. There are no latent problems in your soul. 
Of course, if you wanted to beat me up or stuff my mouth with 
something, that’s only normal.” Crestet’s mouth was blocked by 
his collar so Klein could only determine his emotions through 
his tone. 


“No, I wouldn't dare,” Klein admitted honestly. 


Crestet smiled and said, “Congratulations, you have passed all 
the tests. Now it’s time for the question and answer session.” 


His green eyes suddenly darkened. His gaze was deep, as though 
he could see through flesh, and looked directly at the spirit. 


“Go ahead,” Klein replied, sitting straight. 


Crestet maintained his earlier posture and casually asked, “You 
said that your experience in the Divination Club allowed you to 
quickly master the potion?” 


“Yes,” Klein answered frankly but didn’t describe further. 


Crestet nodded slightly and said, “And you said that your 
inspiration came from the maxim of the Mystery Pryers and also 
Daly’s example?” 


“Yes.” Klein confirmed this first before explaining in detail, “I 
found out from one of my teammates who was a Mystery Pryer 
that those who abide by the maxim of the Mystery Pryers have a 
lower probability of losing control than normal. After that, I 
heard that Madam Daly once said that she wanted to be a real 
Spirit Medium and that she is a genius that leveled up to 
Sequence 7 within two years. 


“After noticing both situations, I thought I could give it a try, I 
attempted to be a real Seer and outlined some principles for a 
Seer. The outcome was better than I expected. I mastered the 
potion very quickly. Reverend Cesimir, ’'m not sure if you have 
had a similar experience. When | fully mastered the potion, 
there was a very special, very magical feeling...” Klein described 
his experience as if he only vaguely understood the “acting 
method.” 


The man he had been when he was on earth would’ve been 
nervous and embarrassed to speak so many half-lies before such 
a powerful Nighthawk. But ever since he transmigrated to the 
current world, he had lied so much that he was used to it. He 
could do it flawlessly. 


The darkness in Crestet’s eyes disappeared, and his gaze 
returned to normal. He smiled and said, “Don’t worry, it’s not an 
illusion.” 


From his answer, Klein couldn’t see any doubt or scrutiny, so he 
felt at ease. 


“Dunn endorsed your experience. I believe that you really are a 
genius, with a logical mind and sharp senses,” Crestet 
complimented. He then asked, “Did you share your experience 
with your teammates?” 


“Of course,” Klein admitted frankly. “I hope that I can help them 


lower the risk of losing control. We’re teammates, comrades that 
face danger together. I don’t have any reason to hide the truth. 
But for the same reason, I didn’t tell the clerks.” 


Crestet uncrossed his right leg and sat up straight. His thin lips 
were exposed from the shadow of his collar. 


He lifted the corner of his lips and said, “Although you haven’t 
even been with the Nighthawks for two months, I believe that 
your understanding of partners is much better than many 
others. 


“Hmm, I plan to share more information with you, but according 
to the Holy Cathedral’s rules, you have to swear to the Goddess 
that you won’t reveal the contents of our conversation to anyone 
that doesn’t know about this. 


“That should be fine, right?” 


I passed the test? Klein was delighted. He nodded without 
hesitation. 


“No problem!” 


Although I won't be able to teach others the “acting method,” I can 
let Miss Justice and Mr. Hanged Man do so indirectly! 


Chapter 167: Holy Artifact 


“Alright.” Crestet Cesimir nodded. He leaned forward. “Then 
swear upon the Holy Artifact.” 


As he was saying this, he bent down to lift the silver suitcase by 
his foot. 


Holy Artifact? The Holy Artifact that earned you the title of the 
Goddess’s Sword? Klein looked at the actions of the deacon 
curiously. 


Crestet placed the suitcase on his knees, his dark green eyes 
instantly turning black. 


He lifted his hand then pressed down. The cover of the silver 
suitcase which resembled a violin case suddenly dissolved and 
receded like the tide. 


At the same time, Klein felt that the light around him was being 
drawn forward as if it was being absorbed by the suitcase. 


Apart from the lights from the classic lamps that lined the walls, 
as well as the silver splendor that spiraled within the suitcase, 
the alchemy room turned pitch dark. The scene looked extremely 
strange. 


Pa! 


WIth a crisp snapping sound, Crestet Cesimir opened the 
suitcase, revealing the pure white bone sword that lay within. 


Yes, a bone sword. The moment Klein saw the sword, he knew 
instinctively that it was mainly made out of bone! 


The short sword silently released a pure white glow in the pitch 
dark alchemy room, as if it were a moon hanging high in the 
night sky, or a lighthouse in the middle of a storm. 


It looked as though the sword had no defects on its surface, but a 
closer examination would reveal that the surface of the sword 
was laced with layers of symbols and icons. These mysterious 
patterns intertwined to form the body of the sword. 


Klein observed the holy sword, suddenly realizing that he 
couldn't look away! 


His vision was being drawn towards the sword as his brown eyes 
slowly lost their luster. 


Crestet lifted the suitcase, moving the sword away from its 
original position. 


Klein instantly snapped out of his trance and finally freed 
himself from the nightmare he couldn’t escape before. 


He cast his gaze to the side and asked gravely, “Reverend, do you 
need me to put my hand on the holy sword?” 


“Yes, come over.” Crestet’s voice was melodious as if he was 
singing a lullaby. 


Klein stood up, still looking to the side as he took small steps 
forward. As it was dark, he couldn’t see where the legs of the 


deacon were, nor his old leather boots. 


“Stop,” Crestet spoke calmly. 


Klein immediately halted and stood on the spot. He took a quick 
glance at the pure white bone sword through the corner of his 
eyes before retracting his gaze again, in fear. 


With that mere glance, he bent down and extended his right 
hand, accurately placing it atop the holy sword. 


A cold feeling swept through his skin and into his mind. The 
distracting thoughts and feelings of worry instantly eased, as if 
he was sitting on a roof in a noisy village, smelling the scent of 
the harvest and admiring the cosmos. 


“Recite after me,” Crestet said solemnly. 


“Alright.” Klein nodded. 


He then heard the deacon speak in Hermes. 


“Standing higher than the cosmos and more eternal than 
eternity, the Evernight Goddess. 


“I swear to you in my real name and my spirituality. 


“I, Klein, will never reveal the details of the ‘acting method’ to 
those who do not know of it from this moment forth. 


“If I go against this, I shall accept any punishment you deem fit. 


“Please witness my oath.” 


Klein collected himself and made the oath in Hermes, following 
Deacon Cesimir’s lead. 


He had the faint feeling that a connection has been established 
between him and a faraway being through the pure white bone 
sword. 


After retracting his right hand, he drew a crimson moon on his 
chest. 


“Praise the Lady!” 


“Praise the Lady!” Crestet smiled and bowed in response. 


Immediately, he closed the cover of the suitcase and pressed 
down heavily with his right hand. 


The darkness was instantly lit up as the light from the lamp 
once again filled the entire room. 


Klein noticed that the black eyes of Deacon Cesimir had regained 
their usual blackish-green. 


He made his way back to his chair and frowned. He asked in 
puzzlement, “Acting method?” 


Crestet cleared his throat. Without answering the question 
directly, he instead smiled and said, “You might feel a little 
confused and not understand what I’m about to tell you, but I 
cannot explain why that is so, for that involves the secrets of the 
Church.” 


You will only have the right to know after you become an 
archbishop or a high-ranking deacon... Klein looked at Cesimir 
and added inwardly before Cesimir could say it. 


“you will only be permitted to know after you become a core 
member of the Church, such as an archbishop or a high-ranking 
deacon,” Crestet emphasized. 


Klein nodded sternly. 


Crestet placed the silver suitcase back beside his foot and crossed 
his legs. 


“In the long history of time, the Church has had generations 
upon generations of genius Beyonders slowly figuring out a way 
to avoid losing control. 


“And the core to this method is the name of the potion. It’s not 
only critical; it’s also the key.” 


After looking at Klein’s thoughtful expression, Crestet continued, 
“We have realized that the names of the potions all point to a 
certain group, and this group has their own approach and 
operates in unique ways. In simpler terms, there are a set of 
rules that come with the name of the potion, different rules for 
different potions. When we follow these rules strictly, the risk of 
losing control is reduced to a minimum.” 


“Similar to my set of Seer principles?” Klein took the opportunity 
to ask. 


This explanation isn’t as simple or understandable as the one I 
gave to Justice and Hanged Man... Klein silently criticized. 


“Yes.” Crestet gave an affirmative answer. “When we follow the 
rules of the potion, we become more and more like the group 
described by the name of the potion. In other words, we are 
acting as the job that the name of the potion points us toward. 
That is the ‘acting method.’ You must remember, the spirituality 
of every individual is special, unique. Even though the core rules 
must be followed by the people who consume the same potion, 
there are always certain variations to the rules that are unique 
to the individual. Thus, the experiences of others can only serve 
as a guide.” 


That is a point that I didn’t realize... Klein said sincerely, “Thank 
you for informing me. I will remember that.” 


Crestet laughed. 


“These are the experiences accumulated over the generations. 


“After using the ‘acting method,’ we not only gain mastery over 
the potion, we're also digesting it, just as we would our food. 
When you truly digest the potion, you will feel a unique, 
mysterious sensation, understood?” 


“I understand. ‘Digestion,’ this term is very appropriate...” Klein 
pretended to be deep in thought. 


After Crestet explained the method in more detail, Klein weighed 


his words as he asked, “Reverend Cesimir, since the name of the 
potion is not only the core, but also the key, then how did the 
first Beyonders obtain them? I heard that it was recorded on the 
Blasphemy Slate?” 


“yes, that is correct,” Crestet replied frankly. “But the Blasphemy 
Slate was inscribed with the ancient names. The names of the 
potions which we use today were derived in part from divine 
revelations. Some were also consolidated by the experiences of 
the Beyonders themselves.” 


Klein nodded slowly. He pursed his lips and asked, “Reverend 
Cesimir, since the ‘acting method’ is so effective, why wouldn’t 
the Church tell every Nighthawk about it?” 


“I have said that it is a secret of the Church. You will understand 
the reason behind it once you become an archbishop or a high- 
ranking deacon,” Crestet answered, unfazed. “Alright, return 
upstairs and tell the rest of the Nighthawks to come down one at 
a time. I have to carry out the final step of the examination.” 


That’s to keep Frye and the others from divulging the ‘acting 
method’? Klein thought as he stood up, he then bade farewell, 
following the Nighthawks’ etiquette. 


He made his way past the corridor and up the stairs, returning to 
the Blackthorn Security Company. He saw Dunn smoking his 
pipe near the entrance of the basement. 


With a smile, Klein took the initiative to say, “There shouldn’t be 
any more problems; His Grace wants me to inform Frye and the 
others to head down for a conversation with him.” 


“yes, that is the last step. That means that there were no 
problems.” Dunn put away his pipe and headed to the recreation 


room to tell the rest. 


As he watched Frye and Seeka enter the basement, Klein 
suddenly recalled something. He said in a hurry, “Captain, are 
we going to have to get Royale who’s guarding over Chanis Gate, 
and Leonard who’s watching over the asylum? Oh, and Kenley, 
who’s on break.” 


Dunn froze and pinched his forehead. 


“I forgot...” 


He paused for a moment, then chortled. “But the matter 
shouldn’t be too complicated. One of the advantages of having a 
high-ranking deacon examine you is that there’s no need to send 
a telegraph to the Holy Cathedral, or engage in a cumbersome 
exchange of letters. He can make the decision on the spot and 
hand the formula to the Clown potion as well as the main 
ingredients to you.” 


“That’s not too bad.” Klein couldn’t contain his excitement. 


An hour and a half passed. As Kenley walked out of the alchemy 
room, his expression full of puzzlement, Klein was once again 
called downstairs. He met the high-ranking deacon once again, 
the Goddess’s Sword, Crestet Cesimir, a second time. 


This time, the golden-brown-haired and blackish-green-eyed 
deacon wasn’t seated. He stood there, allowing the breeze in the 
basement to blow at his black trench coat. 


Crestet’s collars stood tall, hiding his chin in the shadows. 


He looked at Klein and smiled. 


“Nighthawk Klein Moretti, I announce in the name of the 
Goddess that you have passed the examination of the Holy 
Cathedral. 


“Congratulations. With your contributions, you can immediately 
advance to become a Sequence 8 Beyonder!” 


Chapter 168: Clown Potion 


Phew, I finally passed... I passed it just like that... 


When Klein heard Crestet Cesimir’s announcement, he let out a 
breath of relief despite being mentally prepared for it. It felt 
surreal, as though it was a dream. 


He had assumed that the examination would be tougher and 
lengthier, but when he thought carefully about it, he realized 
that what had just happened was what should’ve happened. If he 
had taken the normal three years to digest the Seer potion 
instead of doing it in a month, the examination wouldn't have 
even been conducted by the Holy Cathedral. The Tingen 
Nighthawks’ captain would’ve been responsible for it instead. 


I thought they would investigate my family and friends... Hmm, 
perhaps Cesimir arrived in Tingen two days ago and completed 
that in secret... I also thought that the examination would require 
me to complete some task. Heh, I was really overthinking it. The 
goal of the examination is merely to determine the level of 
digestion for the potion, as well as detect any latent dangers, and 
see whether I’m aware of the “acting method” and if I shared my 
experience with others... These thoughts flew past Klein’s mind. 
He flashed a sincere smile. 


“Thank you, Your Grace. Praise the Lady!” 


Crestet nodded gently and said, “To advance is to serve the 
Goddess better, so that you can protect our fellow believers 
better. You must remember this—trust me—it'll help you fight 
the temptation of losing control.” 


“Temptation...” Klein ruminated over the word. 


Crestet sized Klein up with his green eyes and said sternly, “The 
‘acting method’ can help you digest the potion and lower the risk 
of losing control, but it’s not the be-all and end-all. To a certain 
extent, you can even confuse playing the role and your own 
existence. You know, there are many actors in the theater that 
develop severe psychological issues. At a certain level, you might 
really go insane.” 


Remember that you’re only acting... The only point of note 
concluded by the City of Silver is identical to what Deacon Cesimir 
said... Klein nodded thoughtfully in agreement. 


“In addition,” Crestet emphasized, “Not only is losing control 
related to the potion, it’s also closely related to your emotions 
and mental health. The most important thing for a Beyonder is 
to control yourself. Only then will you be able to withstand the 
temptations of evil gods and devils, resisting emotions like greed 
and jealousy, and the erosion of desire. Of course, I don’t mean 
that you should get rid of all your emotions and desires, because 
that is something that no human or even demigod can do. Yes, 
perhaps only some special Sequences are able to achieve that 
sort of state.” 


Klein suddenly thought about Old Neil. He couldn’t help but ask 
in reply, “We must keep our emotions and desires at a 
reasonable level, and not allowing them to drive us to do 
something irrational and abnormal?” 


Crestet nodded solemnly. 


“Yes.” 


After he answered, there were wrinkles at the corner of his eyes. 


“That’s all I wanted to warn you about. Now, Ill pass you the 
Clown potion formula and the relevant ingredients.” 


He bent down and put his silver suitcase on the long table. He 
then turned around and moved a few steps, blocking Klein’s 
view. 


When the surrounding lights strangely vanished again, Klein 
suddenly understood that the formula and ingredients were in 
the suitcase that stored the holy artifact. It was simply because 
his gaze was attracted by the pure white bone sword which was 
why he didn’t notice or perhaps, he couldn't notice, the other 
items in the suitcase. 


After a few minutes, the light of the gas lamps lit up the alchemy 
room again. Crestet picked up his suitcase and moved away, 
presenting the items on the long table to Klein. 


Among them, the most eye-catching item was the palm-sized 
gray goat horn. It looked like a miniature version of a normal 
goat horn and was crystal clear, swirling with colors. There were 
faint layers of unique patterns. 


Next to the goat horn was a blue rose. There were red veins on 
the petals that connecting them together. It seemed to form a 
human face with a smile. 


Hahaha, woowoowoo, hahaha, woowoowoo... Klein heard illusory 
laughter and crying diffused with each other, and he saw pieces 
of gray halos floating in midair. 


A crystal of the single horn of a matured Hornacis gray mountain 
goat and a complete stalk of a human-faced rose. The main 
ingredients of the Clown potion! He nodded indiscernibly and 
took a few steps towards the long table. 


“80 milliliters of pure water, 5 drops of tornapple juice, 7 grams 
of black-rimmed sunflower powder, 10 grams of golden cloak 
grass powder, 3 drops of poison hemlock...” Klein looked at the 
unfurled goatskin parchment and compared the written content 
with the formula that he had memorized. 


After he confirmed that there was nothing wrong, he recalled 
the demonstration Old Neil did. 


He took a deep breath and exhaled slowly to collect his emotions. 
With the apparatus in the alchemy room, he distilled some pure 
water needed by the potion. 


In the potion formula, pure water referred to water that was 
distilled over and over again. 


Then, he washed a black metal pot and threw in the 
supplementary ingredients one after another. He was as skillful 
as back when he had done chemistry experiments in high 
school. 


As the Beyonder ingredients hadn’t catalyzed just yet, he didn’t 
see any obvious changes in the liquid in the metal pot. At most, 
he only saw powder floating on the surface of the liquid. 


When he was done with the preparations, Klein cast his gaze at 
the two main ingredients and gratefully thought, There’s no 
description of the exact size or weight of the required gray 
mountain goat’s single horn crystal or the human-faced rose. 
Perhaps a whole horn and a complete rose have no differences, 
regardless of their weight, allowing them to meet the 
requirements... Yes, in the world of mysterious Beyonders, this is 
definitely possible... 


If so, I don’t have to worry about putting in excessive amounts of 


the main ingredients! 


After a few seconds, Klein picked up the human-faced rose and 
threw it into the metal pot. 


When the strange flower touched the liquid, it immediately 
produced a sizzling sound. The surrounding illusory laughter 
became shrill. 


Hahaha, hahaha! 


Klein didn’t delay any further as he immediately grabbed the 
crystalline mountain goat horn and threw it into the metal pot. 


Poof! 


The terrifying laughter disappeared all of a sudden, and the 
surrounding gray halos slowly converged into the metal pot. 


Klein lowered his head and saw the liquid in the pot was colored 
in a mix of gold, yellow, and red. However, the three colors 
remained extremely distinct at their boundaries. 


There were bubbles churning and fizzing from the liquid, but 
they failed to escape from the pot and ended up bursting silently. 


The scene reminded Klein of Sprite, the carbonated drink from 
his previous incarnation. 


This actually looks like a delicious drink... A thought popped into 
his head that aligned with the characteristics of his culture. 


Suppressing his nervousness, excitement, and anticipation, Klein 
poured the liquid from the black metal pot into a glass bottle. 


What shocked him was that there wasn’t a single bit of the 
potion left in the metal pot. 


It really is a potion that turns people into Beyonders... Klein 
raised his right hand, and he looked at the beautiful-looking tri- 
colored liquid. 


Crestet Cesimir, who had been silent the entire time, suddenly 
smiled and said, “Don’t worry. At the very least, I didn’t notice 
any problems with the concoction of your potion. 


“Ive been waiting here to ensure that no accidents happen after 
you consume the potion. Don’t worry, as long as it isn’t anything 
serious, I should be able to save you.” 


Okay. Klein nodded and placed the Clown potion back onto the 
long table. 


Then, he took off the silver chain inside his sleeve and let the 
topaz pendant hang down naturally, a slight distance above the 
liguid. 


To Beyonders of any other occupation, pendulum divinations 
could only divine a yes or no answer. Of course, when there 
wasn't enough information, the divination wouldn’t yield any 
useful answers at all. When the pendulum didn’t spin, it was 
called a failed divination. 


As a Seer, Klein’s pendulum could also vaguely determine the 
degree of the “yes” or “no” answer. 


Klein’s eyes grew dark as he recited, “This potion is harmful. 


“This potion is harmful.” 


Seven times later, he opened his half-closed eyes and saw the 
topaz pendant spinning clockwise, but very slowly. 


Clockwise means a positive response. In other words, it means that 
the potion is harmful... However, it spins slowly, which means 
that it’s only slightly harmful... Yes, potions can bring about a 
loss of control, so there’s the possibility of harm. A low level of 
harm means there is nothing wrong with the potion... Klein let 
out a breath of relief and wound the pendulum on his left wrist 
before covering it with his sleeve. 


At that moment, Crestet couldn’t help but sigh. 


“You really are a professional Seer.” 


“I must fully utilize my advantage, but I can’t rely on it too much 
and think that it’s all-powerful,” Klein replied softly and took up 
the Clown potion bottle. 


After drinking it, I'll become a Sequence 8 Beyonder... 


The thought flashed in his mind and Klein didn’t hesitate. He 
raised the bottle, tipped his head, and gulped down the potion. 


Bitter! So bitter! 


It sucks, totally! 


He instantly realized what it meant to look good on the outside, 
but rotten on the inside. His face had contorted as a result of the 
potion. He wanted to puke, but he couldn't. 


Then, Klein realized that his face was flushed red. As for the rest 
of his body, they were experiencing a similar reaction. 


He was convinced that he looked like a steamed lobster. As for 
his spirit and mind, they felt like they had been extracted into a 
thin needle, fusing with the potion, drop by drop, as it stabbed 
into each and every one of cells. 


It was a feeling that needed no microscope to observe his cells. 
Klein stood there and “saw” the intruder invade his body’s most 
minute areas. 


For a few seconds, he felt like a robot that was having its parts 
and electrical circuits swapped out. 


After an unknown period of time had passed, his mind reflected 
his figure, as though he was listening to himself singing through 
his own ears. 


Due to this strange projection, Klein discovered that he could 
precisely control his facial and bodily motions. 


Meanwhile, his ears buzzed. He heard the murmurs and 
shouting echoing around him which had not happened in a 
while. 


Hornacis... Flegrea... Hornacis... Flegrea... Hornacis... Flegrea... 


Phew. Klein imagined the layered spherical light and slowly 
entered a Cogitation state. Bit by bit, he escaped from the state of 
having his spirituality seep out where he had a slight loss of 
control. 


At that moment, he knew that he had advanced successfully. He 
knew that he was a Sequence 8 Clown. 


Chapter 169: New Ahilities 


After the color in Klein’s eyes went back to normal, Crestet 
Cesimir said with a laugh, “You can move about and try to get 
used to the changes in your body. Try to find the core powers 
that were given to you by the Clown potion.” 


Klein nodded. He considered the fact that he might need 
guidance from the deacon and thus didn’t care about his 
presence. He repeatedly followed what he had been practicing all 
this time as he took a step forward. He twisted his hips and 
threw a punch forward, launching a frontal jab. 


Pa! 


He heard the crisp sound of his fist breaking the air. The power 
in the forward thrust exceeded his expectations. 


In that instant, he felt as though he was sitting in a carriage 
which had abruptly hit the brakes. He lost his balance and fell 
forward. 


Oh no! This is about to become an embarrassing story—just like 
Leonard’s... Klein mused. But at that moment, he noticed that he 
could still effectively control his muscles, his body, as well as his 
center of gravity! 


He simultaneously exerted force with his spine, tendons, and 
ligaments, instantly adjusting his center of mass and managing 
to stand firm despite his distorted posture. 


Well... Upon gaining some understanding of this, Klein 


attempted several other actions. He confirmed that the biggest 
change in his body was the massive increase in coordination. He 
would no longer lose his balance unless there were some 
extenuating circumstances. 


I feel like a roly-poly tumbler... I can even act in a circus now! It 
wouldn’t be too hard for me to walk on a rope... The Clown potion 
sure lives up to its name... Many thoughts flashed through his 
mind. Klein once again tested the extent of the improvements to 
his strength, agility, and speed. 


Hmm, I should be around the same level as Teacher Gawain. After I 
get used to this and go through the specialized training, I'll 
definitely become more powerful... Also, with my current mastery 
over my body, it would be easy for me to grasp combat techniques. 
Klein stopped moving and nodded in thought. 


According to his plans, he estimated that he would become 
decent in combat arts only after half a year. But after consuming 
the Clown potion, he felt that it would only take a month, 
perhaps two or three weeks, before he could qualify as a 
policeman that was adept in combat. 


That was the difference between an average person and a 
Beyonder. 


In a sense, the talents of Beyonders were beyond the reach of 
normal humans! 


Crestet watched silently as the newly advanced Clown tried out 
various actions before completely stopping. He then nodded. 


“It truly is a potion adept in the field of combat.” 


Without waiting for Klein to speak, he asked, “What sounds did 
you hear just now?” 


“I heard someone muttering Hornacis.” Klein wanted to keep the 
term Flegrea a secret for the time being. 


He wanted to observe the reaction of Deacon Cesimir. If he was 
willing to relay information regarding the Hornacis mountain 
range and the Nation of the Evernight, Klein would then add on, 
saying that he heard something different again. 


Crestet nodded slightly, skipping over the topic. He reminded 
Klein, “Remember, a High-Sequence Beyonder can influence 
corresponding Low-Sequence Beyonders of the same Sequence 
pathway to a certain extent. In a way, some parts of the 
respective pathways contain the Realm of Demigods. The 
murmurings and howls might have been intentionally conveyed 
to you by them. They might be filled with malicious intent. 


“you must be even more cautious if the Sequence pathway 
belongs to an evil god. I had a chat with Dunn just now. The 
Nighthawk in your team who lost control recently met with 
such a situation.” 


Old Neil... The Hidden Sage... Klein’s expression darkened. He 
nodded solemnly and said, “Reverend Cesimir, I will remember 
this. I will not be tempted by the murmurings or howls. I will 
not be corrupted by them.” 


At the same time, he thought of something else. 


Could this be the reason why the Church only provides the 
pathways for Sleepless and Corpse Collector, while hiding a large 
number of the other pathways? After all, the Sleepless pathway 
belongs to the Evernight Goddess, and Death which corresponds to 


the Corpse Collector pathway has already fallen... As for why the 
Church would still offer the Mystery Pryer and Seer, it’s because 
these two jobs are of a support type and can fill the shortcomings 
of the Sequence 9 and 8 pathways for Sleepless and Corpse 
Collector. Furthermore, they’re only at the beginning of the 
pathway, so the influence they can gather wouldn’t be too 
prominent... 


But this doesn’t explain why they would hide the names and 
unique traits of the potions... or the lack of information as to what 
one should take note of when facing them... 


Klein retracted his thoughts when he saw Crestet Cesimir pick 
up his suitcase to leave. He adopted a curious tone. 


“Reverend Cesimir, I would like to know how to act as a Clown. 
Do I have to go to a circus?” 


Crestet smoothed his tall collar and chuckled. 


“According to our current understanding of philosophy, you just 
made the mistake of formalism. 


“you need to understand that the name of a potion not only 
represents a job. It also represents a group of people that share 
certain traits. For example, we can also describe Seers 
differently. We can call them people who can see fate, yet 
remain respectful of fate. Of course, as I mentioned before, there 
are some differences to the rules concluded by each individual 
even if they consumed the same potion. You cannot completely 
reference the experiences of another person, do you 
understand?” 


Klein nodded in thought. 


“I think I can understand some of it. I can act as a Clown in my 
daily life, as long as I have grasped its essence?” 


“In theory,” Crestet answered, being careful about his choice of 
words. 


“1 understand.” Klein drew a crimson moon on his chest. 
“Thank you, Reverend Cesimir. May the Goddess bless you.” 


Hmm, just what is the essence of a Clown? If I don’t take into 
consideration what a clown represents back on Earth and only 
think about what it means in this world, a clown is a job that 
entertains people using ridiculous methods. For example, 
hilarious getups, exaggerated actions, trickster-like 
performances? The core is that it must be ridiculous, and it must 
entertain others. It feels a little off... Must I consider it from the 
perspective of court jesters from ancient times? Klein thought 
about it silently as he felt at a loss. 


Crestet looked at him and also drew a crimson moon before his 
chest. 


He smiled, revealing the wrinkles at the corner of his eyes. 


“May the Goddess bless you too.” 


At that moment, Klein suddenly perceived something, an 
intuition that felt like a prediction, that Deacon Cesimir would 
put his left foot forward! 


He then saw Crestet pick up the silver suitcase and step toward 
the entrance of the alchemy room with his left foot! 


One step, two steps, three steps. Klein watched as Crestet walked 
out of the hidden door, his figure vanishing into the corridor. 


This... He was dazed for a moment before he felt intense 
excitement. 


The Beyonder powers of the Clown potion were more powerful 
than he imagined! 


He could intuitively predict a person’s next course of action! 


Was the combination of this ability, coupled with his powerful 
coordination, exceptional agility, and speed, as well as decent 
strength, considered being good at fighting with artifice? Klein 
thought about this revelation. 


So, this can be considered the manifestation of the Seer’s abilities 
in Sequence 8, but it’s not enough... This pathway must be one 
that gives a unique ability every time I advance before reaching a 
High-Sequence Beyonder. But the intuitions I get are fleeting, so I 
don’t think I can take advantage of them every single time. Of 
course, this ability is powerful enough as it is. Taking advantage 
of it once should be enough to turn defeat into victory... Oh right, 
after I reduce the influence of the negative effects that come with 
the Clown potion, I can try the ritual to summon muself. I nearly 
forgot about that... Yeah, the Captain must have infected me with 
his awful memory! 


In the midst of his thoughts, Klein observed himself once again. 
He wanted to see if the Clown potion had brought along any 
other abilities. 


According to the confidential records of the Nighthawks, if the 
potion would allow the person who consumed it to gain mastery 
over a certain spell, the person would be able to faintly detect 


what kinds of spells he obtained after advancing as if he was 
being instilled with knowledge. 


But I don’t sense any of that. In other words, Clown doesn’t come 
with the ability to quickly cast spells, as reported in the 
confidential records of the Nighthawks... Could the meaning of 
“crafty” be that I can now effectively use my expressions and 
body language to more easily fool people with my lies? Klein 
stretched his neck while seriously analyzing his current 
condition. 


At this moment, he couldn’t help but think back to the suited 
clown he had encountered previously. The clown’s peculiar and 
varied spells had left a deep impression. 


Hmm, that member of the Secret Order is probably a Sequence 7 
Beyonder. His clown getup was purely to mask his facial features 
to avoid being placed on a wanted list... It’s no wonder that he 
could hold his own against two Sequence 7s and a Sequence 8... If 
he had deciphered the fact that I wasn’t under the influence of 
Sealed Artifact 2-049 and avoided falling under its control, ten of 
me might not have been enough to deal with him. 


Of course, Clown is not completely devoid of spells. There are still 
spells like these... 


Klein walked toward the long table and picked up the piece of 
paper that the Clown formula was written on. 


His pupils darkened and with a flick of his wrist, he tossed the 
piece of paper into the air. 


Pa! 


It was as if the soft piece of paper had become a dagger, and it 
pierced itself into the wall of the alchemy room! 


Ican bring a deck of tarot cards with me in the future. They can be 
used both for divination or as weapons. Klein collected himself 
and started to pack up the objects left behind from the potion’s 
concoction. 


After dealing with this and burning the formula for the potion, 
Klein exhaled and left the alchemy room, closing the secret door 
behind him. 


For the time being, he didn’t feel like trying to entertain others 
through ridiculous methods because of what happened to Old 
Neil. He intended to lessen the influence of the potion through 
Cogitation first. 


Phew, this is going to be a brand new experience again... No 
matter what happens, I'm no longer just a supporting member... 
Yes, ever since Old Neil passed away, I’m the only one left in the 
Tingen Nighthawks team that can provide support. The Holy 
Cathedral will most likely send a Mystery Pryer or a Seer to the 
team... Klein followed the wall lamps, walking down the dark 
corridor, and calmly made his way up the stairs leading to the 
Blackthorn Security Company. 


He then saw the sunlight in the Nighthawks’ recreation room. 


The sunlight shone in through the oriel window, sunlight which 
was pure and warm. 


Chapter 170: Copper Whistle 


Klein turned towards the Captain’s office and saw that the door 
was wide open. Dunn Smith was leaning back in his chair, 
sniffing at his pipe. 


When Dunn swept his gray eyes at him, he changed his seating 
posture. 


“you seem to be in good shape, nothing like someone who had 
just consumed a potion.” 


“This might be the advantage of fully digesting a potion before 
leveling up.” Klein closed the door behind him and took a seat. 


He and Dunn both knew about the “acting method,” so their oath 
didn’t keep them from talking about the “acting method” with 
each other. They could exchange their thoughts about it, but the 
two of them didn’t bring it up with a tacit understanding. They 
fell silent at the same time after the exchange. 


Klein thought and asked, “Has His Grace left?” 


“yes, as a high-ranking deacon, he has other matters to take care 
of.” Dunn thought for a moment. “Oh, he took the pair of red 
eyeballs that remained after Old Neil died.” 


Klein was shocked and confused. 


“why?” 


Dunn picked up his coffee and took a sip. He answered after a 
long silence, “We shouldn’t lie to ourselves. A Rampager is in fact 
already a monster, and as I told you before, monsters leave 
behind things that are rich with Beyonder powers after they die. 
When these relics can’t be controlled, they have to be sealed. Yes, 
that is one of the most common origins of Sealed Artifacts. 
According to the Nighthawks’ internal rules, the items left 
behind by Rampagers need to be stored elsewhere, so that they 
won't trigger their partners.” 


“A logical rule.” Klein nodded heavily. 


Suddenly, he sharply noticed that the Captain had missed out 
something. So, he asked curiously, “What if the item left behind 
is controllable?” 


Dunn looked at him, his gray eyes were deep like a quiet night. 


He sighed and said, “You wouldn’t want to know the answer.” 


Klein was taken aback before he suddenly realized a possibility. 


Normal monsters left behind Beyonder ingredients which could be 
used to make potions. 


But what of a Rampager who turned into a monster? 


If they left behind controllable items, would those things be used 
as Beyonder ingredients? 


Upon realizing that, Klein suddenly felt a strong sense of disgust. 
He couldn’t help but turn his head to retch. Even his sight 


suddenly grew blurry. 


This is such a terrifying theory... But it’s an answer that’s highly 
likely of being closer to the truth! In that instant, he had a deeper 
understanding of sayings like “To fight against the abyss, we have 
to endure the corruption of the abyss,” and “We are guardians, 
but also a bunch of miserable wretches that are constantly 
fighting against threats and madness.” 


Would this be one of the reasons why the Church hides the “acting 
method”? So that they can recycle a certain number of their own 
members for spare parts? But this will make members of the 
upper echelons reject the Church... Klein’s face clearly reflected 
his changing expressions. 


Upon seeing his response, Dunn suddenly laughed. There was a 
twinkling light in his gray eyes. 


“Think about it on the brighter side of things, you can think of it 
as our teammates watching over us in a different form. They 
will be with us forever.” 


After saying that, Dunn lowered his head, picked up his coffee, 
and brought it to his mouth. 


After nearly twenty seconds of silence, he lifted his head and 
said, “And you don’t have to worry. As long as we can find 
sources of Beyonder ingredients, we wouldn’t do what you were 
thinking about. 


“Alright, according to the rules, you'll receive a day off since you 
just advanced. You can decide whether or not you want to go to 
your combat training this afternoon, but you have to inform 
Gawain either way.” 


Klein gently nodded. Taking a deep breath, he straightened his 
back and said, “Captain, I have finished my lessons on 
mysticism. I'd like to use my mornings to learn techniques such 
as tracking and monitoring.” 


He paused and added with a serious expression, “Id like to fulfill 
my full duty as a Nighthawk soon.” 


Dunn gave him a piercing look and sighed. 


“you're tougher than I imagined. As you wish.” 


“yes, Captain!” Klein suddenly stood up and drew a crimson 
moon on his chest. 


After leaving the Blackthorn Security Company, Klein didn’t 
return home to rest, but instead, took the opportunity to take a 
trackless carriage to Azik’s place. 


Ding dong, ding dong. 


As the doorbell rang clearly, Azik opened the door in a white 
shirt and black vest. 


There was a gold watch chain hanging from his vest pocket. 


“Don’t you need to work?” Azik took a glance at the sky and 
realized that the sun had yet to climb to its peak. 


“I actually have most of the day off due to some special 
circumstances,” Klein explained vaguely. 


Azik looked at him and appeared to notice something as he 
nodded and made way for kKlein’s entry. 


At the hallway, Klein set his cane aside, took off his hat, and 
followed Azik to the living room. 


The living room was comfortably furnished with a fireplace, 
rocking chair, couches, and a coffee table. Klein sat at his usual 
spot. 


Azik sat down opposite Klein and pointed at the cigars on the 
coffee table. 


“Do you want one?” 


“No.” Klein shook his head firmly. 


Azik didn’t attempt to persuade him as he struck a match and lit 
one of the cigars. At the same time, he asked casually, “Have you 
taken care of the matter at Morse Town?” 


“I have to thank you for that,” Klein replied sincerely. 


At the same time, he secretly lampooned, Mr. Azik, before you 
lost your memories, you definitely must’ve left behind quite a 
sizable wealth for yourself. Otherwise, how could a teacher who 
isn’t even an associate professor be able to enjoy cigars so 
frequently? 


As Azik was fiddling with his cigar, Klein brought up a matter. 


“Mr. Azik, I have something to ask you.” 


“What is it?” Azik replied without lifting his head. 


Klein paused and organized his words. 


“One of my colleagues lost control and became a monster. I'd like 
to know if his spirit was contaminated?” 


He wasn’t certain if Mr. Azik knew the meaning of “losing 
control,” so he prepared an explanation, just in case. 


Azik stopped what he was doing and lifted his head to look at 
Klein. He nodded heavily and said, “No doubt. You have to be very 
careful in a situation like that. If he lost control due to the 
temptation of an evil god or devil, try to avoid contacting his 
Spirit. It might very likely lead to life-threatening danger.” 


“IT understand.” Klein let out a breath of disappointment. 


When he was at Old Neil’s place, he was too emotional and had 
forgotten to contact Old Neil’s spirit. Neither did Dunn Smith 
remind him at all. Hence, he missed the opportunity entirely. 


Now that I think of it, Captain didn’t forget but intentionally 
avoided bringing it up... Klein was silent in thought. 


He didn’t dwell on the topic and instead mentioned his previous 
encounter. 


“Mr. Azik, I tried to divine the origins of Morse Town’s 
paranormal incidents. I ended up seeing an upside-down 
pyramid that extended underground. My teammate told me that 
it’s a symbol of Death. Only His descendants would receive such 
an honor.” 


Azik put down the match and took up the cigar cutter when he 
suddenly fell into a daze. He was motionless for quite a while. 


He leaned back into his seat and wore an unusually gloomy 
expression. 


After a while, he said in a deep voice, “This gives me a very 
familiar feeling, but I don’t seem to be recalling anything.” 


“Tm very sorry.” Klein sighed sincerely. 


He had imagined that he could use the revelation obtained from 
his divination to further jolt Mr. Azik’s memories. 


Azik cut off the cigar cap, shook his head, and smiled bitterly. 


“If it was something that could be recalled easily, I think I 
would’ve long found a way to escape my fate. Of course, I have to 
thank you for your kindness. Thank you for remembering about 
me this entire time.” 


He thought for a moment before adding, “Oh, and Ill be leaving 
Tingen in the near future.” 


“Why?” Klein asked in surprise. 


Didn’t we say that we were going to find the manipulator behind 
the scenes, the person who affected my fate, and stole your child’s 
skull? 


Azik held his cigar and sighed before explaining, “The target 
might've noticed my attention and investigation. He hasn’t been 
taking any action recently, leaving me with no clues. Thus, ’m 
thinking of leaving Tingen for the time being and going to 
Backlund. On one hand, I can take the opportunity to search for 
traces that I left behind before I lost my memories. On the other 
hand, my absence might let the target lower his guard.” 


That’s right. Mr. Azik’s last memory loss was around Backlund 
University. It’s a pity that you can’t take my place, searching for 
the red chimney house... Klein nodded solemnly and said, 


“Tll pay close attention to this. Once the target takes action and 
exposes himself, Pll inform you immediately. 


“Hmm. Mr. Azik, how will I inform you of things in a timely 
manner?” 


Klein had the idea that if Azik was Death’s descendant, or if he 
was linked to Death in a certain way, his powers would have 
been something similar to the Corpse Collector Sequence. He 
definitely had a way to call something like Daly’s messenger. 


In other words, this could confirm if Azik was actually related to 
Death or a descendant of Death. 


Azik took a puff of his cigar and thought for nearly twenty 
seconds. He took out an ornament from his left sleeve. 


It was an intricate but old copper whistle. There were many 
unique patterns that filled it with a mysterious aura. 


“This is something that I had with me when I woke up in 
Backlund. When you blow it, you'll summon a messenger that 
belongs to me.” Azik held the copper whistle as he explained in 
detail. 


After so many years, this copper whistle can still be used? This 
should be a mystical item, right? Klein was surprised and 
delighted that he had indirectly proved that Mr. Azik was related 
to Death. 


Azik gave Klein a glance, then he put the copper whistle to his 
mouth and demonstrated. 


His cheeks puffed up as he blew with all his might. 


Nothing was heard, but Klein felt a sudden gloominess and 
coldness. 


He quickly tapped his left molar and saw that there were blurry 
white bones being thrown up from the ground, one after 
another, forming a strange fountain. 


After a few seconds, there was an illusory monster in the living 
room. 


Its body was made of white bones, and there were dark flames 
glowing in its eye sockets. It was almost four meters tall, and it 
towered over Klein, who wasn’t even 175cm tall. 


As he watched its head nearly tear through the ceiling, Klein 
suddenly had a thought, Mr. Azik, isn’t your messenger a little... 
too exaggerated? 


Azik didn’t share those thoughts at all. He smiled and said, “After 
you pass the letter to it, blow the whistle again to end the 
summoning. Then, it'll send the letter to me very quickly, in a 
secretive manner.” 


After that, Azik shook his wrist and threw the old copper whistle 
across the room. 


Klein extended his right hand and accurately caught it. He found 
it cold but mild. 


Thank you Clown potion... He breathed a sigh of relief. He wiped 
the whistle and blew it hard. 


Silently, the huge messenger fell apart as blurry white bones 
sank underground. 


The Tussock River ran through Backlund and harbors that dotted 
around the area. 


Alger Wilson wore the long priest robes of the Church of Storms 
as he walked down from the passenger ship slowly. 


He saw people walking to and fro around the harbor with 
countless port workers sweating under the sun. It was a bustling 
yet noisy scene. 


“It’s been a while, Backlund,” Alger muttered to himself. 


Chapter 171: Promotion ani Pay Raise 


After leaving Azik’s house, Klein took a public carriage back to 
Daffodil Street. 


As he opened the door to his house, he suddenly saw a figure 
sitting in his dining room. 


Klein instinctively tightened his grip on the cane in his hand, 
but quickly realized what was going on. It wasn’t a thief, but his 
maid, Bella. 


Bella was focused on reading a spread-out newspaper on the 
table. She jumped in shock when she heard the door open, 
quickly standing up and stammering, “I-I was just done with the 
tasks for the morning. I was w-waiting for the water to boil so 
that I could eat some bread.” 


I’m still not really used to having a maid in the house... Klein 
mocked himself. He took off his hat and nodded. 


“Reading is a good habit. To be able to persist in reading, despite 
the busy workload, is something that’s encouraged by the 
Goddess.” 


He used the name of the Goddess just in case Bella took his 
compliment as sarcasm. 


But in reality, only the God of Knowledge and Wisdom would place 
this much emphasis on reading... Of course, all of the Churches 
advocate education... Yes, since she’s about 18 years old and 
believes in the Goddess, Bella’s love for reading must be influenced 


by her parents. Parents like this would send their daughter to 
receive an education as long as they can afford it. Even if they 
cannot afford public schools, there are always the free schools 
provided by the Church. At most, it would just delay her 
education... Thus, Bella isn’t illiterate. She can understand words 
and read the newspaper... Klein thought as he walked into the 
living room after setting his cane down. 


He had quite a good impression of Bella. 


Even though she was a little clumsy and obviously not used to 
the kitchen, she had shown a willingness to learn. 


Bella let her hands hang down and said, embarrassed, “I didn’t 
have the opportunity to read many newspapers in the past. The 
landlord didn’t let us use old newspapers to clean the walls... I 
stole a glance at it when I picked up the newspapers just now to 
clean the coffee table. I thought that-that it was rather 
interesting.” 


What a pitiful lady. When I transmigrated, newspapers were the 
least interesting of things... Klein thought as he lampooned. He 
smiled and took out the silver pocket watch from his pocket. 
After looking at the time, he said, “As long as you complete your 
tasks and do them well, you are free to do whatever you want 
with the rest of your time. You don’t need to be too nervous. Of 
course, if ’m having a chat with Benson and Melissa, it’s best 
that you stay in your room. I will allow you to use the lamp 
inside and take a few old newspapers with you.” 


“Oh, please knock at my door at one in the afternoon, then 
prepare a cup of Sibe black tea, two pieces of soft white bread, a 
piece of wheat toast, and a small plate of butter for me.” 


In order to celebrate his advancement to Sequence 8, Klein 
decided to spoil himself slightly. He was going to eat the white 


bread ahead of Benson who was planning on having it over the 
weekend. 


Well, I'll buy eight more pounds of bread soon. In the future, we 
shall make the change in our staple dish, from wheat bread to 
white bread! As a Sequence 8 Beyonder, my weekly pay is 
definitely going to increase... To think that the Captain didn’t 
mention this... He forgot again! Klein froze for a moment and 
decided to clarify it tomorrow. 


“Alright,” Bella replied in surprise and joy. 


Following that, she asked with a little uncertainty, “Mr. Klein, do 
you mean the Sibe black tea used to entertain guests?” 


She called him by his first name as Moretti could be used to refer 
to anyone in the family. 


“yes, that shall be my usual tea in the future.” Klein waved his 
hand and made his way towards the stairs. 


He suddenly noticed that he was in a decent financial situation 
after becoming a Clown. 


This was partly because there were no other large expenses for 
the time being. He only needed to spend two soli on transport 
while he was investigating the houses with red chimneys, and 
on the materials that he needed to purchase occasionally. Claims 
could be made for the latter most of the time anyway. 


Also, there was a sum of 300 pounds in Klein’s anonymous bank 
account. It was important to understand that one are [1] of land 
in the countryside only cost five to six and a half soli, which was 


another way of saying that Klein could afford 920 to 1200 ares of 
farmland, which was equivalent to 137 to 179 mou [2], or 23-30 
acres back on Earth. Furthermore, this sum of money could 
allow Klein to buy a house on Daffodil Street on a contract for 15 
years. 


If I convert all that money into land, I'll get between 23 and 31 
pounds a year in rent... That’s not bad, but not necessary for the 
time being. I'll use that 300 pounds for emergencies... I’ll have to 
find an opportunity to tell Benson and Melissa about my true 
weekly salary! Klein thought as he entered his room. 


After locking the door to his room, Klein sat on the edge of his 
bed and started his Cogitation. He wanted to use this method to 
slowly control the powers seeping out of his potion. He was very 
careful and very cautious. 


He had thought of the term “losing control” very lightly until he 
saw the Mandated Punisher who had lost control. 


Of course, he didn’t know that Mandated Punisher personally. He 
also didn’t know what had happened to him. He subconsciously 
thought of him as an anomaly, a rare case. 


It was just like how an average person would make comments 
about a murder they saw on the news before forgetting about it 
entirely. 


But what happened to Old Neil shook Klein greatly. It made him 
realize very clearly that losing control was always a possibility, 
always around him. Loss of control might descend upon him in 
ways he had never thought about! 


That sure was a bloody lesson... Klein ended his Cogitation and 
muttered to himself as he opened his eyes. 


He had dreamed of that scene many times in the past few days, 
jolting awake in the process and finding himself drenched in 
cold sweat. 


He wasn’t only grieving Old Neil’s death, but also worried about 
his future. If he didn’t have Cogitation to help him sleep, he 
believed that there would be many sleepless nights in his future. 


Other than digesting the potion, I also have to try my best to 
control my emotions and desires. I have to keep them within 
reasonable levels and not be consumed by them... Klein exhaled 
and laid down, quickly falling asleep. 


On the day that Old Neil passed away, Dunn’s actions and words 
had touched him greatly. It made him critically assess the 
responsibilities of a Nighthawk for the first time. It made him 
want to take up his responsibilities and help his Captain and 
teammates. 


Thus, he didn’t intend to waste his afternoon. He was going to 
continue his combat lessons. 


Three in the afternoon, on a crude training field. 


The blond crew-cut Gawain creased his brows as he witnessed 
Klein slowly familiarize himself with the motions, going from 
the movements of a decent beginner to the movements of an 
apprentice knight who had been practicing for a good six 
months. 


All this happened in the short span of forty minutes! 


He called for Klein to stop and sized him up. He couldn’t help but 
ask, “What happened?” 


Klein had already come up with an excuse. He was prepared to 
attribute his performance to scientific research when Gawain 
added, “You don’t need to answer if it’s inconvenient for you to 
do so.” 


It looks like there was some communication between the police 
department and Gawain... It makes sense; he has to train 
Beyonders occasionally, so how could he not know? Klein heaved 
a sigh of relief. He smiled as he said, “Teacher, how long do you 
think I will need before I can take part in actual combat?” 


Gawain crossed his arms and looked at Klein seriously. He 
replied with a raspy voice, “Two or three days, but that isn’t 
enough!” 


He explained, as if in thought, “Being able to take part in actual 
combat isn’t the same as being good at fighting. The latter would 
take another two to three weeks. 


“Furthermore, you need to gain mastery over weapons that you 
can bring with you, for example, a cane, whips, daggers, and 
triangular blades!” 


...There’s still so many to learn? Klein was dumbfounded. 


Gawain swept his experienced gaze at him. 


“Remember, every drop of sweat you lose here might save your 
life in the future.” 


“yes, Teacher!” Klein pumped himself up and answered. 


On Sunday morning, Klein entered the Blackthorn Security 
Company and knocked on the door of the Captain’s office. 


Dunn Smith looked up as if he was expecting this. 


“I forgot to inform you yesterday. Your position at the police 
department has risen from probationary inspector to inspector 
now that you have advanced to Sequence 8. I'll get them to issue 
the appropriate documents and epaulets to you as soon as 
possible. 


“your weekly salary will also increase from six pounds to ten 
pounds. The Church and the police department will each bear 
half of your salary. This salary is the level of an experienced 
Nighthawk; of course, I mean an experienced Nighthawk at 
Sequence 9.” 


...Captain, are you following the wrong script? Klein was taken 
aback as he listened to the Captain. His eyebrows relaxed as he 
smiled. 


“That’s more than I imagined.” 


He had imagined that his weekly salary would only increase to 
eight pounds. 


Dunn lifted his cup of coffee and took a sip. 


“The increase in salary for Nighthawks is firstly dependent on 
years of service, second on contribution, and third on the level of 
your job. The third criterion is often highly correlated with your 
contributions.” 


Right, without any contributions, even if one were to digest their 
potion, they would be unable to apply for the formula and 
materials... Klein nodded while in thought. 


A weekly salary of 10 pounds, coupled with any bonuses would 
mean a yearly salary of about 540 pounds. Since he didn’t need 
to pay any taxes, this salary was fairly high in the middle- 
income bracket, just lower than desirable occupations such as 
esteemed lawyers, famous architects, experienced surgeons, and 
government workers. 


Even the vice president of the Loen Kingdom’s treasury only makes 
700 pounds a year before tax. That’s at most 640 pounds after tax, 
probably lower... According to the newspapers, a decent house in 
Backlund and Hillston only costs about 2500 pounds. With 
Benson, Melissa, and my current expenditure, we could buy one in 
seven or eight years... To be able to afford a bungalow in the 
central area of the capital in just seven or eight years purely 
through my own efforts, this salary makes me happy indeed... 
Klein got up and bade farewell. He quickly walked to the 
basement and took his shift at Chanis Gate. 


Before it was ten, he suddenly heard someone approaching 
Chanis Gate. 


Soon after, Dunn appeared at the door. 


“There’s a case that requires your help.” 


“An incident involving Beyonders?” Klein instinctively asked. 


“No, a parliamentary representative of this city, Mr. Maynard, 
was found dead in his house. The Tingen Police Department is 
under huge pressure and wants us to use a mediumship ritual to 
help them pinpoint the murderer. Currently, you are the only 
person on the team who can do that,” Dunn explained. Then he 
added, “The Holy Cathedral will send over a Mystery Pryer to our 
team next week. Actually, it should’ve been done a long time ago, 
but you happened to join and chose to be a Seer.” 


1. A metric historical unit of measurement, equal to 100 


square meters. 


2. Chinese unit of land measurement that varies with 
location but is commonly 666.5 square meters. 


Chapter 172: “Autopsy” 


“How long has the Member of Parliament been dead for?” Klein 
asked straightforwardly as he packed up his things. 


If it was more than fifteen minutes, the information that he 
could obtain would decline considerably. If it was more than an 
hour, there would be very little left to find. 


If it was more than a month, contact with the spirit of the dead 
would most likely fail. 


“Regrettably, the initial autopsy report shows that Mr. Maynard 
died between nine and eleven last night.” Dunn shook his head 
and said, “You only need to provide assistance and not consider 
if you can be of use.” 


“Alright.” Klein took his coat and walked out of the duty room 
with his hat and cane in hand. Dunn Smith took his place at the 
Chanis Gate guardroom. 


Theoretically, as a Beyonder, as long as one’s spirituality was 
enhanced, things like Spirit Vision, divination, and ritualistic 
magic could be learned. Especially for Beyonders from the 
Sleepless Sequence who were known for their high spirituality. 


But in actual fact, the differences between the various sequences 
was vastly obvious. Dunn Smith and Leonard Mitchell had 
learned Spirit Vision, but they could only see faint white or light 
blue in the auras of others. They were unable to precisely 
differentiate the status of different body parts. Of course, they 
could definitely see spiritual things with Spirit Vision, but doing 
so wasn’t as effective as using their spiritual perception. 


That also led to a problem in which Beyonders at the Sleepless, 
Midnight Poet, and Nightmare Sequences didn’t enjoy activating 
their Spirit Vision. 


Similarly, if they were willing to, they could also learn spirit 
pendulums, dowsing, dream divination, and so on. But their rate 
of success wasn’t something worth noting. 


It was the same situation with ritualistic magic as well. 


When the two of them walked past one another, Dunn suddenly 
said, “I forgot to tell you that Inspector Tolle is in charge of the 
case. He’s waiting for you at the reception hall in the security 
company. Remember to change into your new uniform and grab 
your new documents.” 


Klein wasn’t surprised and replied with a smile, “New uniform, 
new documents? The Tingen Police Department sure is efficient.” 


He had just advanced to Sequence 8 the day before... 


“It's because this case is very important, so...” Dunn spread his 
hands and took up Klein’s previous spot. 


Klein walked upstairs, but he wasn’t in a hurry to go to the 
reception hall. He entered the Nighthawks’ break room and 
entered the attached bathroom to relieve himself. There was 
only a toilet bowl, a water bottle, and a bucket in the duty room. 


Then, he changed into his police uniform that revealed his 
promotion to two silver stars and put on his peak cap with the 
“two crossed swords and a crown.” 


After transferring his Flaring Sun Charm, Azik’s copper whistle, 
his ritual ingredients, and other items, Klein smoothed out his 
uniform, took his cane, and exited the break room. 


He passed through the partition and saw Inspector Tolle seated 
in the sofa area. 


It had been a while since they last met. The tall police officer 
seemed to have gained some weight, and his stomach was even 
more outstanding. With his thick mustache and hair, he looked 
like a brown bear that had just escaped from a circus. 


“Tm glad to work with you again.” When Tolle saw that it was a 
Nighthawk that he knew, he let out a breath of relief. He stood 
up and extended his bear paw. 


No, palm... Klein corrected himself and shook the other person’s 
hand as a polite gesture. 


“Me too.” 


Tolle stole a glance at Klein’s two shimmering silver stars 
shoulder strap and said with envy, “We're at the same rank now, 
and it hasn’t even been a month.” 


At first, Klein wanted to reply solemnly that “The danger that we 
encounter is ten times worse than yours,” but he remembered 
his identity then: Sequence 8 Clown. 


Maybe I can give it a try... Using his spirituality, he looked at the 
reflection of his facial expression. He lifted the corner of his lips 
and replied with a smile, “Maybe in another few months, you'll 
have to call me ‘Sir.” 


“you sure are humorous.” Tolle chuckled and pointed at the door. 
“Shall we head out?” 


“Alright.” Klein hadn’t given up his cane. Now that he had 
become a Clown, the cane was truly a viable weapon. 


After exiting the Blackthorn Security Company, Klein and Tolle 
walked down side by side, forming a great contrast due to the 
skinniness and fatness of the two. 


“I feel like we could even make an audience at the circus laugh,” 
Klein suddenly jested. 


Tolle nodded in absolute agreement and said, “Yes, I feel our vast 
contrast brings a comedic effect. Do you know that some 
circuses are trying to use fat and skinny, tall and short clown 
combinations in their performances?” 


No, actually I meant a beast tamer and a brown bear... Klein, of 
course, wouldn’t make such a rude remark. He went along with 
it and replied, “It’s a pity that there are no fixed circuses in 
Tingen.” 


“That’s right, but we have operas, theaters, and music halls,” 
Inspector Tolle replied wistfully. 


They casually chatted until they got onto the police carriage. 
Then, Klein redirected the topic back to the case. 


“Is it confirmed that Mr. Maynard was murdered?” 


“We can’t be certain, but his wife and two sons aren't willing to 


believe the possibility that he died due to a sudden illness. And 
there was really something wrong at the scene. When Maynard 
was found, he was naked on the guestroom’s bed,” Tolle said as 
he deliberated. 


“He sleeps separately from his wife?” Klein leaned back against 
the carriage wall and mimicked the main character in various 
detective films. 


Tolle shook his head and said, “No, his wife hasn’t been in 
Tingen recently. She went to Backlund to attend a very 
important social ball. You might not know, but she’s the leader 
of a new party. She’s the daughter of someone from the House of 
Commons. She’s still on her way back to Tingen via steam 
locomotive. She merely used the telegram to express her opinion 
on this matter.” 


“Maynard is also a member of the new party. He’s been a 
Tingen’s Member of Parliament for more than ten years. He 
intended to run for mayor in next year’s election.” 


“In other words, his death might be related to this?” Klein asked 
casually and immediately laughed. “I’m sorry, ’m only supposed 
to be helping with the autopsy. The rest of the matter is not 
within my area of concern, you don’t have to answer.” 


Tolle didn’t mind much but sighed. 


“Autopsy... You're very cautious.” 


“As for your guesses, I would only say that there’s a possibility. 
There was a gathering last night at Maynard’s place. There were 
too many guests, and we temporarily can’t find any main 
suspects. Plus, these guests have decent backgrounds, so we have 
to be very careful. We can’t make any mistakes.” 


“I understand.” Klein nodded faintly and asked about the details 
of the scene. 


Maynard’s house was a bungalow located in the Golden Indus 
borough. It was surrounded by gardens and fields, there was a 
stable, a fountain, and a broad pathway built from cement. 


Klein put on his peak hat with its police badge and followed 
behind Inspector Tolle. They passed through the police streamer 
and entered the double-story house under the gaze of every 
policeman present. 


In the living room, there were two male and four female 
probationary inspectors who were talking to people individually 
to gather statements. 


Klein looked around and saw many gentlemen in tuxedos and a 
few ladies in glamorous dresses and checkered gauze hats. 


“They're the guests who spent the night here,” Tolle explained 
and led Klein up the stairs to the second floor directly. 


Along the way, when the police constables who were searching 
through the rooms saw the two, they revealed a look of respect 
without stopping them. Perhaps it was the effect of the inspector 
epaulets. 


“This is the guest room where Maynard’s corpse was discovered.” 
The brawny Tolle stopped by the crimson wooden door. 


Klein thought and asked, “Which guest was assigned to this 
guest room?” 


“Nobody. There are too many guest rooms in the house, so it 
wasn't used.” Tolle put on his white gloves and turned the knob 
of the crimson wooden door. 


He made the constable who was keeping watch leave 
temporarily. Then, he nodded at Klein and said, “Inspector 
Moretti, I'll leave the rest to you.” 


“May the Goddess bless us, and I hope that we find something.” 
Klein put on his white gloves too and locked the door behind 
him. 


He walked to the side of the bed and saw that the crimson 
bedsheets were abnormally messy. The corpse laying on it was 
covered with a white cloth. 


At this point, Klein could be considered to be quite experienced. 
He pulled away the white cloth without fear and looked at 
Member of Parliament Maynard. 


The man was in his forties. His blond hair was trimmed short, 
and his expression was a mixture of pain and happiness. 


Klein took two steps back and took out the ingredients he 
needed. He quickly finished the setup for the mediumship ritual. 


As the faint calming fragrance swirled around him, he recited 
the divination statement that he thought of long ago, “The cause 
of Maynard’s death.” 


“The cause of Maynard’s death.” 


As he recited the statement, Klein retreated to a nearby high 
back chair and sat down slowly. 


His eyes darkened, then he leaned back and quickly fell into a 
deep sleep. 


In the illusory and blurry world, he suddenly saw the gentleman 
from earlier. 


With his opened blue eyes, Maynard was laying prostrate above 
a woman with an outstanding body and fair skin. He was 
thrusting hard against her body. 


He first displayed an expression of extreme satisfaction and 
happiness. Then, he suddenly clutched his chest with his right 
hand. His expression then grew contorted. 


Pa! 


As Maynard fell, the image quickly shattered. Klein opened his 
eyes and woke up from his dream. 


I can’t believe I can actually watch porn in such a manner... So, 
Maynard had an affair and died of exhaustion? Klein chuckled 
and massaged his temples. 


He took out a pen and paper before doing another ritual. He drew 
a portrait of the lady he had seen in his dream with the aid of 
the ritual. Of course, everything below her neck was omitted. 


It was a woman whose age was hard to tell. She had the mature 
vibe of a woman in her thirties, but there was a remnant of 
innocence to her. Her eyes were crystal clear, and she had a 
delicate look. 


Klein looked at his work, then put away his ritual ingredients, 
and dispelled the spirituality wall. 


He leaned sideways to grab his silver-edged cane. 


Suddenly, he heard the reverberating sound of someone clearing 
their throat. He immediately got goosebumps! 


Klein looked towards the bed and saw Maynard gripping the 
crimson bedsheets so tightly that the tendons on the backs of his 
hands were protruding out. 


With a swoosh, the Member of Parliament who died between 
nine and eleven the previous night suddenly sat up. Saliva 
drooled from the corners of his lips as he opened his vacant eyes 
wide. 


Chapter 172: Zombietication 


Before Klein could come up with any new ideas, he saw the rigid 
Maynard lift both his hands up. Its body lunged forward to his 
left amidst the sound of hurtling wind! 


In the past, his dulled reactions under such sudden, unexpected 
situations would’ve made it hard for him to avoid this. Even if he 
had noticed the attack ahead of time, he would have had to roll 
away to avoid the fast-moving corpse. 


But now, Klein could nearly react on instinct. He stomped down 
with his bright, buttonless leather boots and jumped diagonally 
onto the high-back chair. 


As it had only been a day since he advanced, he was still getting 
used to his power, agility, and speed. He had accidentally leaped 
too high into the air and landed on the top of the chair’s high- 
back! 


It was a narrow edge. Klein’s heart tightened as he quickly 
controlled his body and adjusted his center of gravity. 


He wavered for a moment and surprisingly managed to stabilize 
himself, like a black cat flaunting its balance and poise. 


As he was wavering, he flailed his left arm, swinging his cane 
into the zombie’s ribs as it pounced forward. The strike caused it 
to lose its balance as it staggered and fell onto the carpet. 


Klein was standing on top of the chair as he felt for his revolver 
by raising his right arm. He attempted to pull it out from the 


holster so that he could deliver a silver demon hunting bullet at 
the zombie in front of him. 


But in that instant, he suddenly wondered about the aftermath. 


If he were to blow a hole in Member of Parliament Maynard’s 
corpse, how was he going to explain the cause of death to the 
deceased’s family or Members of Parliament who were focusing 
on the matter? 


All I did was double-tap his corpse? 


As he was thinking, Klein reached into the pocket of his police 
uniform and felt for a triangular plate. 


The Requiem Charm... He quickly made a decision. He took out 
the silver amulet without hesitation and let out a low shout in 
Hermes, “Crimson!” 


As the incantation reverberated within the room, the charm 
started to release a peaceful aura. Klein quickly infused his 
Spirituality into the amulet and tossed it to Zombie Maynard 
who was struggling to get up. 


A cold blue fire appeared, enveloping the triangular plate. A 
serene and gentle black aura spread forth rapidly, eliminating 
the anxiety and worry of the soul. 


Zombie Maynard stopped there, his eyes staring blankly at the 
ground. His saliva dripped onto the carpet. 


Klein heaved a sigh of relief and planned to take out the 


materials and set up a ritual to purify the desecrated being, but 
suddenly, Maynard once again let out a groan, his blank eyes 
focused on the left pocket of Klein’s police uniform again. 


Shit... Klein leaped from the top of the chair to the ledge of the 
oriel window. 


At the same time, he heard the sound of the chair breaking. 


Klein had no choice but to take out a rectangular silver plate. 


The Slumber Charm! 


It wasn’t only living things that could be put into a deep sleep. 
The dead were in a state of eternal sleep and would only be 
woken up under unusual circumstances! 


In certain books on mysticism, there was even such a 
description regarding zombies: They slumber by the day and 
wake up in the night. 


“Crimson!” 


Klein once again recited the incantation in Hermes. He intended 
to disregard the consequences and shoot the corpse with his 
revolver if that failed again. 


The problems that came later wouldn’t matter if he was dead! 


As he felt the silver rectangular plate in his palm turn cold, Klein 
injected his spirituality into it and tossed the charm out. 


A dark red flame illuminated his eyes as the sound of a light 
explosion reverberated around the room. 


A gentle power spread forth, bringing with it a fatigue that 
affected every living being. Zombie Maynard had just propped 
himself up using the chair when he wavered. His eyes closed, 
and he fell on his back with a plop. 


With what had just happened, Klein didn’t dare to relax. He 
immediately took out the Amantha extract distilled from Night 
vanilla, Slumber flower, and Chamomile, as well as the bark of 
the Drago tree, and the Full Moon Essence Oil made from Moon 
flowers. He quickly set up a sacrificial altar. 


Right on the heels of that, he sealed the surrounding area witha 
Spirituality wall with the aid of Holy Night Powder, 
encompassing the altar and the sleeping Zombie Maynard. 


After silently reciting the incantation and lighting three 
corresponding candles, he dripped a few drops of essential oil 
extract and scattered various powders onto the flames. Klein 
then took a step back and cautiously looked at Zombie Maynard. 
He then recited in Hermes, 


“Standing higher than the cosmos and more eternal than 
eternity, the Evernight Goddess. 


“I pray for your loving grace. 


“I pray that you look over your loyal guardian, 


“I pray for the power of the crimson. 


“I pray for the power of sleep and silence, 


“I pray that you purify the unclean being around me, the 
gentleman once called John Maynard.” 


“Moon flower, a herb that belongs to the red moon, please 
bestow your powers to my incantation! 


“Slumber flower, a herb that belongs to the red moon, please 
bestow your powers to my incantation!” 


It was as if a midnight breeze blew within the wall of 
spirituality. A thin veil of black steam started to billow from 
Zombie Maynard. 


When everything settled, Klein used his Spirit Vision and 
divination to repeatedly confirm that the zombie wouldn't 
“awaken” once more. 


After seeing the results, his worries eased. He ended the ritual 
and dispelled the wall of spirituality. 


“Why would he suddenly come back to life?” Klein stood in front 
of Maynard, who was on the carpet. He knitted his brows as he 
looked down at the corpse. 


To a Beyonder with high spiritual sensitivity, there were obvious 


signs to note if a corpse would come back to life or not, much 
less Klein, who was a Seer. He often had a premonition of 
similar matters, but what had happened just now completely 
took him by surprise. 


Unless-unless there is a more mysterious influence at play... Just 
like what happened with the suited clown. Klein recalled the 
scene in his head and faintly sensed the problem: 


Zombie Maynard had been trying to attack the left pocket of his 
police uniform! 


Left pocket? Klein transferred his black cane to his right palm, 
then reached for the pocket with his left hand. He took out the 
ancient copper whistle that was inside. 


It was a copper whistle carved with many mysterious patterns. It 
was the copper whistle used to summon Azik’s messenger. 


This copper whistle zombified Maynard? That’s quite plausible. 
Even if Mr. Azik isn’t a descendant of Death, he definitely has a 
certain connection with Death. It’s logical that the objects that he 
carries with him would produce such an effect... Klein nodded in 
thought. He took out a copper penny and did a quick divination 
about his conclusion. 


As he was at the scene of the incident, holding the relevant 
objects, and had ample information, he quickly got a result. He 
saw the copper penny fall into his palm, portrait facing up. 


This means yes. To think that Mr. Azik didn’t remind me to be 
cautious that these things could happen... Well... He’s an 
amnesiac, so it’s not uncommon to forget this. Besides, the copper 
whistle might not have had negative effects when it was on him. 
There’s a high possibility that it was suppressed. I shouldn’t take 


this copper whistle with me when I’m at cemeteries or ancient 
castles, places that are prone to hauntings. Otherwise, I'll just be 
finding trouble for myself and crazily court death... Klein silently 
made a mental note. He then carried the naked Maynard back 
onto the bed without much effort. 


Looking at the obvious mark on the corpse left behind by the 
stroke of the cane, Klein sighed. He covered the corpse with the 
piece of white cloth and pretended not to notice. 


I'll leave this problem to the police department to vex over it! Oh, 
and the two charms I used just now can be considered mission- 
related expenses, so I can get compensated... He thought as he 
packed up. He then took the portrait and unlocked the door. 


The door opened with a creak and Klein saw Inspector Tolle, who 
had been guarding outside, not allowing anyone to come near. 


“What happened just now?” Tolle asked in doubt and worry. 


He could faintly hear the action going on in the room. 


Klein smiled and deliberately said with a little exaggeration, 


“Member of Parliament Maynard came back to life and tried to 
give me a passionate hug.” 


“Don't joke like that...” Tolle looked into the room in 
exasperation. 


“why so serious?” Klein said, throwing up his hands. “Due to an 
unconfirmed reason, Member of Parliament Maynard became a 


zombie. Well—the kind of things that would happen in ghost 
stories. Fortunately, I hadn’t left yet, so I used ritualistic magic to 
purify the desecration, allowing him to return to his eternal 
slumber.” 


“Is this related to his cause of death?” Tolle asked, his expression 
stern. 


“I cannot give you an answer to that. I don’t even know what the 
problem is. You should know that in our field, unexplainable 
things are a common occurrence,” Klein said. He then looked at 
the portrait in his hand, “When I was doing the mediumship 
ritual, I saw the scene of Maynard’s death. He was engaging in 
some activities that should only be done between a husband and 
wife with this woman. And at the climax of his joy, he clutched 
his chest where the heart is.” 


“you mean that... that is the cause of his death?” Tolle gave him 
a “nudge nudge” and “wink wink” look. 


“In theory, yes, but you should wait for the autopsy.” Klein 
handed the portrait over to Inspector Tolle. 


Tolle had only glanced at it when he exclaimed, “Madam 
Sharon!” 


Klein looked at him, lost. 


“Is she very famous?” 


Yea, judging from her looks and figure, she should be famous... He 
lampooned in his heart. 


Tolle looked around and introduced her in a somewhat excited 
manner, “Madam Sharon is the prettiest widow in Tingen City. 
She’s the most sought-after lady in social settings. She was the 
second wife of Baron Khoy, but unfortunately became widowed. 


“She is welcomed by many amongst the nouveau riche 
merchants and aristocrats, someone who can be invited to 
banquets by both the Conservative Party and the New Party.” 


“It's rumored that she and her stepson, the current Baron Khoy, 
are on ‘friendly terms with many nobles and senior civil 
servants in Backlund. She’s a powerful lady. To think that she 
and Member of Parliament Maynard had such a relationship... 
Hehe...” 


Simply put, she’s an exceptional socialite... Klein secretly 
concluded. He turned around and pointed into the room. 


“The next part is not included in my job description. How you 
interrogate Madam Sharon is none of my business.” 


“Also, I hit Member of Parliament Maynard with a cane before 
the purification. You'll have to deal with it and think of an 
explanation.” 


Chapter 174: Madam Sharon 


“What?” The bearlike Tolle jumped in shock and looked at Klein 
before looking into the room. With agility that wasn’t suited to 
his body, he dashed in. 


He pulled back the white cloth that covered the corpse and after 
examining the body carefully, he heaved a breath of relief. 


“It’s better than I imagined. It’s not that serious a problem.” 


Maybe I should’ve drawn my revolver and shot Maynard five times 
with demon hunting bullets. Let’s see if you find that serious or 
not... Klein lampooned inwardly and pointed outside the door. 


“That’s all that you need me for, right?” 
“No!” Tolle shouted. “Wait a moment.” 
Klein asked, puzzled, “Why?” 


Tolle explained seriously, “We have to prevent any accidents 
from happening. After we talk to Madam Sharon and get her 
testimony, I'll send you back to Zouteland Street.” 


If Maynard can resurrect after being dead for ten hours, what else 
couldn’t happen? What would I do if you leave? Tolle added in his 
head. 


“Alright.” Klein massaged his temple and said, “Find a quiet 
room for me to rest in then.” 


He wasn’t feeling his best in every aspect as he had just 
advanced a day ago. Having just performed multiple ritual 
ceremonies, used two charms, and suffered a nontrivial scare, 
he needed to enter Cogitation to eliminate any problems. 


Klein was now extremely cautious about losing control. 


Tolle covered the dead body with the white cloth again. He 
obviously relaxed and replied, “No problem.” 


He brought Klein to a guest room that was closer to the sunlit 
side of the house. He pointed and said, “Inspector Moretti, don’t 
worry. No one will disturb you. I'll be paying Madam Sharon a 
visit first.” 


Klein nodded slightly and watched him walk away. Then, he 
closed the door and drew the curtains. 


In the dim and silent bedroom, he slowly walked over to the 
rocking chair and sat down comfortably. He allowed his body to 
rock back and forth rhythmically. 


There were countless spherical phantasmal lights overlapping in 
his mind. The buzzing sounds in Klein’s ears and the throbbing 
ache in his head slowly vanished, bit by bit. 


When his situation stabilized, he opened his eyes and looked 
into the darkness. He outlined a bed, cupboard, and other 
furniture. Then, he calmly thought about his earlier attempts. 


There isn’t much feedback from a few exaggerated jokes... 


Maybe I have yet to control the powers of the Clown potion, as 
there are still remnant negative effects... Of course, I can’t 
eliminate the possibility that such “acting” has little effect. 


Personally, I’m not quite willing to play the role of a clown. But 
since I picked the Sequence pathway, I can only bite the bullet and 
continue... 


Actually, everyone has to act like a clown at one point or another 
in their lives. I don’t have to be so uncomfortable with the idea. 


I have to quickly understand a Clown’s core elements... 


As various thoughts churned in his mind, Klein suddenly took 
out a brass halfpence. 


Mostly out of habit, he divined if Maynard’s death was due to 
supernatural influences. 


Maybe it’s an occupational hazard... Klein shook his head and 
laughed. His eyes grew dark as he recited repeatedly, “John 
Maynard’s death was due to supernatural influences.” 


Ding! 


He flipped the coin as he slouched into the rocking chair. He 
watched its brass luster twinkle as it rotated in the air. 


Pak! The coin fell right into Klein’s open palm, revealing the 
number 1/2 facing up. 


A negative answer. In other words, there weren't any 
supernatural influences involved in John Maynard’s death. I 
guess that man died of orgasmic pleasure. The deceased shouldn’t 
be laughed at, so I won’t be using an insipid Chinese phrase to 
mock him... Klein put away his coin and allowed his thoughts to 
wander before he nearly fell asleep. 


Knock! Knock! Knock! 


Under the slow and rhythmic knocking, Klein tidied his clothing, 
put on his policeman’s peak cap, and walked to the door. 


Just as his right palm touched the knob, a scene appeared in his 
mind. 


The bearlike Inspector Tolle was standing outside the door and 
pulling his collar. His expression looked disturbed and helpless. 


Klein turned the knob and opened the door leisurely. 


Inspector Tolle appeared before him as he pulled at his collar. 


“Sorry for making you wait so long. 


“We've already found Madam Sharon and obtained her 
statement. You can return to Zouteland Street. 


“Tm really sorry for taking up your precious time.” 


Klein didn’t ask the reason for his current emotions but he 
smiled and said, “Madam Sharon admitted that she was with 
Maynard last night?” 


“Yes. She said that under the influence of alcohol, she and 
Maynard didn’t manage to control themselves. When she found 
out that he died of a heart attack, she was very afraid so she fled 
the room after she tidied herself up. She then hid in her own 
guest room. We don’t have enough reason to raise charges 
against her right now, so we had to let her go while restricting 
some of her freedom. We'll have to wait for the autopsy,” 
Inspector Tolle explained in detail. 


Klein leaned his head sideways and smiled. 


“who are you explaining this to?” 


Tolle shook his head and forced a bitter smile. “Oh yeah, I don’t 
have to explain it to you. I'm just frustrated by Mrs Maynard, 
and I started blabbering without realizing it.” 


“Maynard’s wife is back?” Klein asked in response. 


“yes, unfortunately. There was something abnormal about the 
steam locomotive. It wasn’t late.” Tolle gave an affirmative 
answer in a joking manner. 


Klein didn’t ask further but checked if he had all his personal 
belongings, before following Inspector Tolle down the stairs. 


“Why aren’t you arresting her? 


“She’s a murderer! I want to sue her, and I want to sue all of you 
for negligence of duty! 


“Tll hire the best lawyer to sue you!” 


Harsh remarks entered Klein’s ears, and he looked over 
subconsciously. He saw a voluptuous and fair middle-aged lady 
staring angrily across her. Despite having two young men 
holding her arms, she continued yelling at them. 


A very trendy regal gown in Backlund this year... Having 
frequently read the magazine, Ladies Aesthetic, the first thought 
on Klein’s mind was something unrelated to the situation. He 
then saw a few gentlemen protecting a lady behind them. 


The lady was in a long black dress with fair smooth skin, 
waterfall-like brown hair, and brown eyes. She looked as pitiful 
as a fawn in the woods. It made people want to protect her 
involuntarily. 


Madam Sharon... Klein suddenly thought of the “porno” she had 
starred in. He quickly lifted his right hand, covered his mouth, 
and coughed twice. 


Out of habit, he tapped his left molars twice and observed the 
people present with Spirit Vision. 


There’s some sort of problem with Mrs. Maynard’s body. The 
colors of her aura are thinner. From the colors of her emotions, 
she’s definitely feeling anger and hatred, which is consistent with 
her outward appearance... 


Huh? The color of Madam Sharon’s emotions are shaded in blue, 
which represents rational thinking and calmness... This is totally 
contrary to her appearance of panic and nervousness. As expected, 
a socialite ain’t no innocent bunny... Her body is very healthy. 


After examining her, Klein was about to retract his gaze when he 
suddenly saw Madam Sharon lift her head and steal a glance in 
his direction. Then, she lowered her head again and put on a 
trembling trepid look. 


If I couldn’t see your emotion colors directly, I might’ve been 
fooled by your act... You should consider working as an actress... 
Klein lampooned. He didn’t stay any longer and left Maynard’s 
house with Inspector Tolle. They took the carriage arranged by 
the police station and returned to Zouteland Street. 


After taking over the shift from the Captain, he continued to stay 
on duty at Chanis Gate. He took the opportunity to write a claims 
application. 


After an uneventful night, Klein returned upstairs and received 
the breakfast that he had requested Rozanne to buy for him. 


“I love this pastry!” he complimented. 


He had already passed her the money for breakfast ahead of 
time. 


“Really? I can try it tomorrow then!” Rozanne replied happily. 


The corner of Klein’s lip twitched as he focused on his battle with 
the milk and pastry. 


At twenty-five minutes past eight, he yawned and fought back 
the urge to fall asleep, he arrived at the nearby Shooting Club. 


He had made an appointment with the asylum doctor, Daxter 
Guderian, a few days back. 


Bang! Bang! Bang! 


In the small shooting range, Klein and Daxter aimed at their 
own targets and finished their cylinder of bullets. 


Clink! Clank! Daxter flipped and released the empty shells and 
examined Klein in interest. 


“You're much more confident than before.” 


Of course, I advanced to Sequence 8. I now possess actual combat 
ability... Klein reflected on his own facial expression and body 
movements in his head and deliberately acted arrogantly. 


“Because I only used about a month’s time to master the power 
of my potion completely.” 


Daxter pouted slightly and said, “Although that is something to 
be proud of, there’s no need to say it all the time.” 


Hey, as a Spectator, you didn’t see through my performance... 
From the looks of it, a Clown has the power to suppress a 
Spectator’s ability. Klein smiled at his discovery and asked, 


“How’s Hood Eugen recently?” 


“..He’s gone insane for real.” Daxter paused and continued, “I 
probed him with various methods. He really has gone insane. 
I'm considering whether to begin medicating him, to see if I can 
treat him.” 


As a Sequence 7 Psychiatrist, he actually pretended to be a mental 
patient... Even though he was giving treatments to other patients, 
it doesn’t align with the core element of the potion’s name. That 
was an incorrect way of using the “acting method.” It’s no wonder 
that he went insane... Klein thought and said, “Before he went 
insane, did you find out who got in contact with him?” 


“Besides the doctors, patients, nurses, and odd-job workers in the 
asylum, there were no outsiders that had contact with him,” 
Daxter confidently replied. 


Klein briefly acknowledged that as he said, “How about even 
earlier? Is there anyone that visited him, or did he leave the 
asylum regularly for a period of time?” 


In order to follow through with his initial promise, Klein never 
asked anything about Hood Eugen in his first few meetings. 


Daxter fell into deep thought. It took him some time before he 
said, “Besides the members of the Psychology Alchemists, there 
weren't any more than five people that visited him. One of them 
came thrice. His name was El.” 


Without Klein asking, he continued, “But I heard from Hood 
Eugen that El was a pseudonym. 


“His real name was Lanevus.” 


Chapter 175: Deiluction 


Lanevus? That criminal who cheated both money and sex? To 
think that he had a connection to Hood Eugen from the 
Psychology Alchemists... Klein froze for a moment when he 
heard the name. He immediately thought about the implications 
the name “Lanevus” had. 


He’s the cheat that escaped with more than 10,000 pounds! 


Just a providing a clue would earn me 10 pounds. And if I help in 
capturing this moving treasury, I'll earn 100 pounds! 


He’s a scum that took advantage of the bodies and feelings of 
innocent women! 


To think that he knows Hood Eugen and went to visit him three 
times at the mental asylum. Does this mean that he’s connected to 
the Beyonder circle, or that he’s a Beyonder himself? Klein 
suddenly recalled the name of a potion: the Marauder pathway 
Sequence 8—Swindler! 


These Beyonders took pleasure in swindling others! 


It’s very possible! Klein nodded in thought. He controlled his 
facial expression and body language, feigning nonchalance as he 
asked, “Then, when was Mr. Lanevus’s last visit to Hood Eugen?” 


“Early July. I would have to check the registration records of the 
mental asylum to give you a specific date,” Daxter Guderian 
replied after a few seconds of thought. 


Lanevus’s scam hadn’t been exposed back in early July and he 
hadn’t left Tingen... Klein then asked, “Does Hood Eugen mention 
this person usually?” 


“No. You should understand that a Sequence 7 Psychiatrist would 
never reveal something by accident. Every word they say has 
been deliberated over thoroughly. It would be impossible to learn 
their secrets unless they have some other hidden motives. I was 
only able to get the Telepathist formula after Hood Eugen went 
mad. Oh right, have you determined the authenticity of the 
formula?” Daxter expertly hid his feelings of pride toward his 
pathway’s potion. 


Klein laughed and replied, “It’s authentic. When you need to 
advance, you can use that to concoct your potion without worry. 
We can help if the Psychology Alchemists are unable to provide 
you with the ingredients. Also, how have you been lately?” 


“Not too bad. Other than being a little worried about Hood 
Eugen’s condition, I feel rather relaxed. I no longer have 
symptoms of a split personality. You’ve helped me greatly in this 
regard,” Daxter Guderian said, full of emotion. 


Klein wore a humble expression. 


“It’s only right.” 


“Let’s return to the topic at hand. Since you said that a 
Psychiatrist would deliberate over their every word before 
uttering it and wouldn't easily reveal their secrets, why did Hood 
Eugen tell you that El is Lanevus? Was he hinting at something, 
or was trying to warn you of anything?” 


Daxter froze for a moment, then creased his brows. 


“This is really weird, to think that I didn’t notice this... Other 
than that, Hood Eugen didn’t mention anything else. Could his 
motive be for me to tell the upper echelons of the association 
about the name Lanevus should he meet with any problems? 


“The association’s reaction seemed strange, too. After I informed 
them about Hood Eugen’s insanity, they did send a liaison. But 
after I described every detail, including Lanevus’s name, there 
were no more replies from the upper echelons. It was like being 
a stone cast in the ocean. Could this mean that they’ve figured 
something out?” 


“A reasonable deduction.” Klein took out his demon hunting 
bullets and stuffed them into his revolver, then took aim at the 
target. 


“If we follow this deduction, Hood Eugen might've long 
anticipated that he would become insane or die... And this has 
an untenable connection with Lanevus? But since he already 
anticipated it, why didn’t he ask for help from the upper 
echelons?” Daxter gazed blankly ahead. He thought hard as he 
said, “Unfortunately, he’s insane now. There’s no way to 
effectively communicate with him now.” 


“Perhaps some kind of temptation made him choose to take the 
risk.” Klein made a guess. 


At the same time, he felt that it was regrettable that Hood Eugen 
had really become a mental patient. This compromised much of 
the information that he might have otherwise gotten. 


Sigh. Even a dead person is better than a lunatic. I can use 
mediumship rituals to make the dead talk, but what can I do with 
a lunatic? Oh right, Madam Daly once tried to use mediumship 
rituals to call upon my lost memories. The theory behind the 
mediumship rituals seems to have been derived from _ the 


Psychology Alchemists... This means that I can also use the 
mediumship rituals on the living and create a scenario where I 
interact with his spirit directly using my spirit... I wonder if Hood 
Eugen would still be insane under those conditions. 


Unfortunately, I’m not advanced enough in this field, so I don’t 
think I would be able to do it... P'll call upon the messenger and ask 
Madam Daly about it first. I'll see if she can provide me with any 
techniques. If she thinks that only she can accomplish it, then I'll 
tell the Captain and get him to send a telegraph to Backlund to 
request for assistance... 


I'm definitely not taking this troublesome course of action just 
because I want to learn the technique and attempt the ritual to 
summon the messenger... 


Many thoughts ran through Klein’s mind before he gradually 
narrowed it down to a single line of thought that could solve the 
problem. 


Daxter Guderian approved of his guess. 


“Greed always makes one foolish. Even when a person knows 
that there’s only the abyss in front of him, he'll still attempt to 
walk to the edge and take a peek.” 


This is called crazily testing the limits of fate... Klein lampooned. 


“Try your best to treat Hood Eugen after returning to the mental 
asylum. Try to keep him sober for a period of time and get some 
clues out of him.” 


“Also, don’t hide your worries and anxiety. Establish more 


connections with the Psychology Alchemists and put pressure on 
them to solve Hood Eugen’s problem. That’s the most normal and 
reasonable reaction.” 


Daxter nodded seriously. 


“Tl try my best.” 


Klein didn’t say anymore and, after some deliberation, he asked, 
“Has there been any abnormalities with Hood Eugen’s body 
recently? For example, thin scales growing on some parts of his 
body?” 


” 6 


“Near-insanity,” “true insanity,” and “losing control” were all 
descriptions of varying levels for a Beyonder when something 
was wrong with them. The least severe of the conditions were 
when their attitude changed as if they had become a new 
person, but were still capable of rational thoughts and actions. 
That was “near-insanity.” “Insanity” was more severe in that the 
person would lose all logic, becoming a maniac and was difficult 
to communicate with. Those that couldn’t be saved were those 
whose body and mind had become monsters, completely “losing 
control.” 


Sometimes, if the problem wasn’t dealt with promptly, insanity 
would lead to losing control. 


Before this, to avoid exposing the informant within the 
Psychology Alchemists, Dunn instructed the Nighthawks not to 
immediately deal with Hood Eugen. Instead, they switched to 
surveillance to ensure that Hood Eugen didn’t lose control. But if 
there were signs of him losing control, they would have to deal 
with him immediately. 


Daxter shook his head and let out a bitter laugh. 


“No, you can ease your concern. I’m also very afraid that Hood 
Eugen will lose control, so 'm paying very close attention to 
detail. After all, ’'m at the mental asylum six times a week.” 


After exchanging a few more words, they left the shooting range 
ten minutes apart. 


Klein fought back his intense desire to sleep and took a public 
carriage back to Daffodil Street. 


He opened the door and saw his sister sitting on the sofa. She 
was neither reading nor was she fiddling with machinery parts. 
She was just staring blankly ahead as if she had lost her soul. 


Tapping his molars gently, Klein activated his Spirit Vision and 
asked, puzzled, “Melissa, did something happen?” 


She looks healthy based on the colors of her aura, not 
malnourished like she was before... 


Melissa retracted her gaze and pursed her lips, then looked at 
the kitchen which was producing some noise. 


“Bella has been recommending the way that her family prepares 
breakfast back at home, she said that it’s very delicious. I agreed 
to let her try it out this morning.” 


“What method is that?” Klein had an ominous feeling. 


“Cooking all of the leftovers in a pot, then adding water and 
bread...” Melissa repeated softly. 


T-this is the standard recipe for food of unknown origins... Klein 
pinched his forehead. 


“And so?” 


“We shouldn't waste food...” Melissa bit her lips and nodded. 


Sis, I feel like you are questioning life... Klein cleared his throat 
and suppressed his desire to laugh. He then asked, “Where's 
Benson?” 


“In the bathroom.” Melissa broke free of her daze, as her eyes 
regained their luster. 


At that moment, he heard the sounds of flushing from the 
bathroom. Benson came out with a newspaper in hand. 


“My dear Klein, shall we get you a portion of breakfast?” 


“No, I’ve already eaten.” Klein shook his head resolutely, feeling 
lucky that he arranged to meet Daxter in the morning. 
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have gotten Rozanne to buy breakfast for 
him. 


“How regrettable. Otherwise, you would change your views on 
my culinary skills and be filled with confidence about it.” Benson 
let out a self-deprecating laugh. 


At this moment, Melissa noticed something. She turned to look 
at Klein and said, “You’re back rather late today.” 


Sis, be more innocent and lively. Don’t worry about me all the 
time... The state you were in just now was great! Klein 
immediately smiled. 


“I have good news.” 


“you passed the examination of the police department and can 
obtain an increased salary?” Melissa asked without thinking. 


Benson also smiled and nodded. 


“..” Klein grabbed his hat and stood at the edge of the living 
room. He said in amusement, “How am I supposed to surprise 
you guys like that?” 


After that, he added with a dry cough, “Yes, my salary has 
increased severalfold.” 


He hid his recent increment of four additional pounds a week. 
He intended to save up a small piggy bank for himself. After all, 
he couldn’t just rely on the money in the unmarked account. 
Furthermore, mentioning that his salary had _ increased 
severalfold was enough to scare his siblings. 


“Six pounds?” Melissa exclaimed in shock, finding it bizarre. 


“T really need to change my job.” Benson stroked his hairline. 


With the information Klein provided him, he had been putting a 
lot of effort into his studies. 


Without waiting for Klein to speak, Melissa said with a delighted 
expression, “In that case, after deducting our normal expenses, 
you'll be able to save up enough money in two or three years to 
meet the standards of a marriageable gentleman. Well, it was 
Elizabeth who told me about the standards.” 


“ ” 
eee 


Klein said at a loss, amused, “That’s something to be 
considered far into the future. Shouldn’t we celebrate? I hereby 
announce that from today on, our staple food shall become 
white bread. After my workload decreases, we shall go try out 
delicacies from different restaurants.” 


Melissa glanced at him, and, as though she did not hear what 
Klein had said, she said, “Benson and I are attending Mass at the 
Saint Selena Cathedral, do you want to come?” 


Iam praising the Goddess everyday... Klein laughed. 


“I need to catch up on sleep.” 


He slept until half past twelve in the afternoon. After he had 
lunch with Benson and Melissa, he continued on with his 
mission of searching all the houses with red chimneys. 


When it was late at night, he sealed his room with spirituality 
and prepared to try the ritual for summoning Spirit Guide Daly’s 
messenger. 


Chapter 176: Letter 


For Klein, setting up a simple ritual was as easy as breathing. 
Very soon, he was done preparing the ingredients, and he lit up 
the candle that represented himself. 


Looking at the flickering candlelight on the desk, Klein had an 
amusing thought for some baffling reason. 


Would this be considered holding a candlelight vigil in memory of 
muself? 


F**k, what the hell am I thinking!? 


He reined back his thoughts and picked up the Black Rotten 
Flower powder that belonged to the domain of Death and 
sprinkled it onto the candle. In return, he caught a whiff of a 
smell that was akin to formaldehyde from his previous life. 


Immediately after that, he dripped Full Moon Essence Oil, a 
favored item of the Evernight. 


Amidst a sizzling crackle, his surroundings suddenly became 
quiet, and there was a shapeless, magical surge. 


Klein took a step back and softly recited in ancient Hermes, “I!” 


Then, he changed into Hermes, “I summon in my name.” 


“The spirit that wanders about the unfounded, the higher- 
dimensional creature that a human orders, the messenger that 
belongs to Daly Simone.” 


Whoosh! 


The wind wailed and the dim candlelight was tainted with a 
blue luster. 


Under its illumination, the wall behind the desk produced 
translucent ripples, and a creepy face surfaced. Other than its 
mouth, it had no eyebrows, eyes, or nose. 


Its thick lips parted, and a long red tongue was extended. There 
were sharp, irregular teeth that lined its mouth. In addition, the 
tip of the tongue had five delicate fingers. They were constantly 
extending and retracting, as though they were waiting for a 
delivery. 


This is Daly’s messenger? Compared to Mr. Azik’s, it’s just like a 
child. No, I can’t accurately determine their differences. Yes, one is 
an adult Giant, and the other is a human baby... I wonder if it’s 
due to the mystical item, or if it signifies Mr. Azik’s strength? I 
have to reevaluate my understanding of him. Perhaps, he’s a 
High-Sequence Beyonder... 


Crap, I forgot. In the letter, I should’ve asked Madam Daly for the 
names of the Sequence 4 and Sequence 3 Corpse Collector pathway. 
Mr. Azik most likely belongs to that pathway. Of course, he 
might’ve not advanced via potions. Yes, perhaps it’s a gene that’s 
passed down from his ancestors... I'll ask next time, the messenger 
is waiting... 


Klein looked at it seriously for a while and passed the neatly 
folded paper into the messenger’s “hand.” Then, he watched as 
the hand gripped it tightly. 


Whoosh! 


The messenger retracted its tongue and swallowed the letter. The 
translucent, creepy, and wriggling face shrank back into the wall 
and disappeared. 


I’ve got to say, this magic is quite cool. Rather convenient too, but 
it can’t be spread... Klein looked at the candlelight that had 
returned to normal. He shook his head and ended the ritual. 


Monday morning. Backlund, Empress Borough. 


In a hidden corner of the municipal garden built by Duke Negan, 
Xio Derecha with her unkempt blond hair and Fors Wall with 
her languid bearing were gawking at the liaison before them in a 
daze. They were momentarily at a loss at which language to use 
for a greeting. 


The petite Xio, who was slightly over one and a half meters tall, 
looked at the golden retriever that had extended its tongue and 
was wagging its tail. She smoothed out her trainee knight attire 
and weighed her words before she said, “Are you Miss Audrey’s 
messenger? 


“Oh my Goddess, why am I asking a dog so seriously...” 


Fors was holding a thin cigarette with her fingers as she 
chuckled. 


“Maybe it’s a magical creature?” 


“I've never seen a magical creature that looks so much like a 
dog...” Xio replied in all seriousness. 


Susie sat down and closed her mouth. She then pointed at her 
belly with her paw. 


There was a leather pouch tied around the dog’s body amidst her 
long golden fur. 


Xio looked to her left and right, making sure that there was no 
one watching before she quickly moved closer. She bent down 
and removed the pouch. 


Fors watched curiously when her expression suddenly turned 
weird. 


“It's made of crocodile skin, and it looks like the work of the 
fashion designer, Mr. Sades... She’s actually using such a pouch 
for the transaction...” 


“In other words, it’s very expensive?” Xio raised the leather 
pouch. 


Fors pursed her lips tightly and nodded seriously. 


Xio instantly lowered her speed in an exaggerated manner. She 


carefully opened the zipper and took out the letter inside, as 
though she was carrying an antique vase in her hands. 


After she read it, she passed the letter to Fors. 


Fors burned it with her cigarette after reading it carefully. She 
watched as it turned into ashes and scattered onto the soil. 


“Theres no extra information provided.” Xio  pouted 
subconsciously. She took out a neatly folded paper from the 
pocket of her trainee knight attire. 


She looked at Susie in an imposing manner and exhorted 
subconsciously, “This is the investigation report for the past few 
days. You must pass this on to Miss Audrey Hall directly.” 


Susie quivered and sat up straight, her tail was wagging 
vigorously. 


Xio nodded in satisfaction, stuffed the stack of papers into the 
leather pouch, and tied it around Susie again. 


Susie howled and ran off very quickly. 


In the Hall family’s luxurious villa. 


Audrey was sitting on the sofa of her own living room. She was 
holding a letter opener and was trying to open the letter before 
her. 


It was a letter sent by one of her brothers from the Balam 
Empire in the Southern Continent. There was a parcel that came 
along with the letter. 


At that moment, she saw Susie push open the half-closed door. 
The dog dashed over quickly. 


Susie sat on the carpet before Audrey and pawed at the leather 
pouch. 


“you really are an excellent messenger!” Audrey wasn’t stingy 
with her compliments. 


Susie looked back at the door. It induced vibrations in the air and 
said softly, “Your friend is very serious. When I saw her, she 
reminded me of the time when a hunter came to train us.” 


She had been a complimentary gift when Earl Hall bought 
hunting dogs. 


Susie, your Loen is getting more and more fluent. There are just a 
few problems with your logic in using the language... Audrey 
watched as her golden retriever took off the pouch on her own 
and skillfully pulled open the zipper. 


She gave Susie a look and immediately understood. She stood up 
and ran to lock the door. 


“.There’s no result so far, but we found that some vagrants 
disappeared around the Backlund Bridge borough. Though, we 
can’t know for sure that it was Qilangos. Perhaps the vagrants 
merely changed their movement patterns suddenly...” Audrey 
flipped through the investigation report and seriously wondered 


how she should reply to Xio and Fors. 


Pll tell Xio that as long as she can track down Vice Admiral 
Hurricane, Qilangos, I'll buy the Sheriff potion formula for her... 
No, that’s not friendly enough. It would make her feel an 
inferiority complex. Yes, I shall say, “Xio, I’ve prepared your 
reward. As long as you can complete the task, four hundred and 
fifty pounds will be yours...” Sigh, as far as the main ingredients 
for the Telepathist formula, I’ve only found the Farsman Rabbit’s 
spinal fluid. I still need the Rainbow Salamander’s pituitary 
gland... Glaint, Xio, and Fors have yet to find it... 


Audrey, cheer up. At least you’ve digested the Spectator potion 
completely! 


Once you put together all the ingredients, you'll become a 
Sequence 8 Beyonder! 


Audrey reined in her thoughts, picked up a pen and paper, and 
quickly wrote a reply. She stuffed it back into the leather pouch 
and entrusted Susie to make another trip. 


She watched her golden retriever as she opened the letter that 
her brother had sent. She read it with a smile. 


“My dear sister, 


“I think you should come to the Southern Continent too. Come 
over to the colonized regions of the Balam Empire. There’s 
abundant sunlight, fresh air, a clean environment, freshly 
caught seafood, various unique cultures, and the very kind and 


obedient Balam people who make good servants, as well as the 
smell of freedom. 


“On the contrary, Backlund is cold and moist, the air is bad, 
there’s always dust, and it’s always gloomy. Plus, it’s highly 
populated which leads to all sorts of problems. Hmm, and the 
endless balls, banquets, and salons... The social events are so 
boring and insipid that I wouldn’t want to stay for a minute. 
Dear sister, I believe you share the same feeling. 


“lm not running away from home. I’m merely seeking my own 
place in life, but our brother definitely doesn’t think so. He’s 
always been a selfish person. Of course, he wouldn't be stingy 
with you, because you can only claim a tiny part of the family 
wealth, while I would be his biggest competition in the fight for 
the inheritance within the ranks of nobles. After all, our father is 
a count who takes a long view. He definitely wouldn't be 
restrained by the rule that the eldest sibling will inherit the rank 
of nobility. 


“As long as he feels that it’s necessary, he would do anything. 
Just like when he sold off half the farmland and pastures to 
enter the banking industry, regardless of the strong opposition. 


“I miss Backlund sometimes, mostly Father, Mother, and you. I 
miss the smile that you put on my face during those few years. 
You must’ve become the most dazzling jewel in Backlund, but 
unfortunately, I'll only be able to return after two years. A career 
is a man’s pride, while the outstanding young people in the Loen 
Kingdom treat the world as their stage.” 


“you can tell our dear aunt that the coastal regions in the Balam 
Empire are very suitable for vacations, and especially suitable for 
her, given how her joints ache and swell in the winter. I 


sincerely invite her to be my guest. If you can come with her, 
that would be even better.” 


“I didn’t send you too many gifts. Theyre mainly things that are 
rich with the traditions and styles of Balam, such as the unique 
yellow silk, and the ornaments that are filled with traits related 
to the worship of Death. 


“I remembered that you loved things regarding mysticism so Ill 
look around for you. The culture here is full of mystery.” 


After reading the letter, Audrey picked up a pen, paper, and 
writing board. She leaned back into the sofa, pursed her lips and 
wrote seriously, “My dearest Alfred, 


“Although it has been less than a year, the little girl in your 
memories has grown up. I don’t like mysticism anymore, so you 
don’t have to search for those kinds of things.” 


Because it’s very dangerous... Audrey puffed up her cheeks and 
added in her head. 


She had heard of too many tragedies related to mysterious 
objects when participating in Beyonder Gatherings and from 
stories Xio and Fors recounted. 


She thought and declared excitedly, “I’m now interested in 
biology. Recently, I've been in awe of the Rainbow Salamander. 


Can you ask around for me and find out where I can find one of 
these creatures, or if they have a complete corpse that has been 
preserved?” 


Chapter 177: Sudden Turn of Events 


Audrey stopped writing after she finished sharing some 
interesting news and scandals about aristocrats. She then 
adopted a serious pose as she recalled something. 


With her exceptional memory as a Spectator, she arranged the 
information that she had received from her father’s teachings, 
as well as the news she heard during banquets and salons into 
paragraphs. 


After creating a draft in her head, Audrey penned, “As for the 
political situation in Backlund you asked about, it’s not within 
my area of interest. I can describe it to you only based on my 
own impressions and the details that I happen to know. 


“Some time ago, Father told me that after the abolishment of the 
Grain Act, the prices of crops were declining rapidly. The rent of 
farmland and pastures were also plunging, but I don’t know the 
exact magnitude. I can only explain it to you with this example. 


“As you know, Duke Negan is an aristocrat who owns the most 
land outside of the royal family. It’s said that he owns more than 
12,000,000 pounds worth of farmland, pastures, and forests. Last 
year, his land earned him a historic 1,300,000 pounds in rent. 
But this year, it’s forecast that his rent will only be 850,000 
pounds, a whole 450,000 pounds less. That’s more than the 
entirety of the assets that I’m entitled to. 


“Without any further explanation from me, I’m sure that my 
dear brother will understand the behavior of most old-fashioned 
nobles. They're proud of being landowners, and their income is 
derived mostly from rent. They place a heavy emphasis on their 
appearance and would maintain their current lifestyle even if 


they have to go into debt. They spend tens of thousands of 
pounds on the upkeep of their castles each year, many more 
thousands on clothes and jewelry, as well as their persistent 
hunting activities, social banquets, and the occasional lavish 
weddings and funerals, etc, etc. 


“with the decrease in rent, according to my knowledge, a good 
portion of the nobles have met with financial difficulties. 
Because of this, Earl Wolf has sold 84,000 ares of land in the 
countryside and gotten 29,000 pounds in return. Viscount Conrad 
has also sold his art collection worth 55,000 pounds to a national 
art gallery. 


“Other than a few visionary nobles who had long shifted their 
focus to steel, coal, railroads, banks, and rubber industries, the 
rest of the nobles have been severely affected by the Grain Act. 
Let us praise our dear Earl Hall! 


“Father told me that the financial distress will loosen the control 
the nobles have over politics. As you can imagine, the number of 
ministers with blue blood will decline from the next year 
onward. 


“In a bid to secure funding, the Conservative Party and the New 
Party have promised to confer upon anyone the noble titles as 
long as they donate a sufficient amount of money and lack any 
criminal records. Of course, the caveat is that the person who 
donated the money must own an amount of land befitting of a 
noble. 


“One example is the rich Mr. Syndras. He purchased the lowest 
area of land expected of a baron, 60,000 ares, then donated 
100,000 pounds to the Carleton Club and 400,000 pounds to the 
Conservative Party, and donations to charity amounting to 
300,000 pounds. Finally, he succeeded in receiving conferment 
from His Majesty and became a highly-regarded baron. I’ve 
heard that there’s a price list to this, 300,000 pounds for a 


baronet and 700,000 to 1,000,000 pounds for a hereditary baron. 
There is no clear price for the title of viscount or count, but ’'m 
sure those are sufficiently ridiculous.” 


“This year, many nobles who are facing financial difficulties are 
starting to seriously consider the possibility of marriages with 
wealthy merchants. There have already been three marriages 
like this over the last two months. The betrothal gifts the noble 
women received are something to be envied. 


“Also, the workers who protested the Grain Act did experience a 
decrease in the cost of living, but the quality of their lives has 
not improved. Instead, it seems to have deteriorated as the 
bankrupt farmers have entered the city and stolen their jobs by 
requesting lower wages. Thus, the wages of the laborers are 
dropping rapidly. 


“I remember the day when Father asked me who I felt was the 
winner of the Grain Act. 


“My dear Alfred, you must know the answer. You would 
definitely be able to obtain a hereditary baron title through your 
own efforts.” 


Xio Derecha and Fors Wall were returning to the Backlund Bridge 
borough after they received Audrey’s reply. 


Xio, with her messy blonde hair, was looking out the window of 
the carriage, her eyes were bright like two burning balls of 


flame. 


She muttered the term “450 pounds” to herself repeatedly, as if 
reciting an incantation. Her strength and courage grew every 
time she repeated the term. 


“Darkholme hasn’t reported the status of the investigation today. 
Let’s make a trip to his house!” Xio suddenly turned to look at 
Fors. 


Darkholme was the leader of a gang in the Backlund East 
Borough and had control over many beggars and thieves. 


Even though he looked very friendly with his chubby face that 
was perpetually adorned with a warm and amiable smile—xXio 
knew that he was a merciless scoundrel. He once broke the arm 
of a thirteen-year-old thief because the boy had hidden his 
profit. 


Unless it was necessary, Xio was unwilling to meet Darkholme, 
but Darkholme was one of the few people who were most 
familiar with the vagrants in the city. 


Fors pushed her slightly curly hair back behind her ear. 


“As long as it doesn’t delay my lunch.” 


“No problem! Perhaps I could treat you to an Intis feast after this 
week!” Xio promised in complacency. 


“Must I thank God?” Fors asked as she laughed. 


Unlike Xio, Fors was a moderate believer of the God of Steam and 
Machinery. 


As they conversed, the two ladies switched to another public 
carriage and arrived at the Backlund East Borough, and arrived 
at Darkholme’s house. 


It was a terrace house located in a narrow alley. There were 
green plants hanging from the walls, the exterior looked 
relatively unkempt. 


Xio walked to the door, raised her right hand and knocked in a 
unique rhythm. 


The unlocked door opened with a creak following her knocks. 


Xio’s apparently confused expression immediately turned stern, 
like a wary lion’s. 


She took out a triangular blade she carried with her and 
cautiously pushed open the door. She then slowly stepped inside. 


Fors also stopped looking nonchalant, having produced a dagger 
of unknown origins. 


They didn’t smell any peculiar scents, but their rich experience 
told them that something was off. 


One step, two steps, three steps. Xio and Fors entered 
Darkholme’s house. 


Then they saw a pale limb on a gas lamp, internal organs on a 
coffee table, as well as strips upon strips of flesh strewn on the 
floor and hung on the clothes rack! 


Pieces of bone had been stripped clean and piled up near the 
door. 


And amongst the bones was a head, its vacant eyes open. It was 
none other than Darkholme. 


His chubby face still maintained the amiable smile, as if 
everything was normal. Furthermore, there was no stench of 
blood in the house. 


As a former clinical doctor before becoming a best-selling author 
and Sequence 9 Beyonder, Fors has seen many death scenes 
more disgusting than this. She patted the tense Xio, who was on 
the brink of vomiting, as she surveyed the surroundings. 


“Qilangos? Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos?” 


“He realized that Darkholme was investigating the missing 
vagrants and tracked him back to his house?” 


“Or could it be said that Darkholme had tracked him down, but 
ended up being caught?” 


Xio fought back the urge to retch and said with a serious 
expression, “He sure lives up to his name as a merciless and 
crafty pirate admiral. The strangeness here also fits the 
description of his treasure.” 


“Crafty...” Fors was suddenly alarmed as she blurted out, “Could 
he be waiting nearby in an ambush against the mastermind 
behind the investigations?” 


Xio froze for a moment before answering in a fluster, “That’s 
highly likely!” 


He was a Sequence 6 Wind-blessed, a powerful pirate with a 
mystical artifact, while they were just two Sequence 9’s! 


This was an extremely simple and easy contrast! 


In the house opposite Darkholme’s house, a man with a unique 
broad chin and dark green eyes in his thirties was standing by 
the window, coldly observing Xio’s and Fors’s opening of the door 
and slow entry. 


He was none other than Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos! 


The black glove on his left hand twitched as if it were alive. A 
layer of dull gold scales appeared on its surface. 


Qilangos revealed a cruel and joyous expression as his dark 
green eyes turned pale gold and indifferent. 


The moment Fors realized this, she dragged Xio to the other side 
and avoided the area just across the main door. 


She then gritted her pearly-white teeth and took out a bracelet 
that was hidden by her sleeves. 


This silver bracelet had three dark green, coarse stones which 
showed signs of burn marks and were rough and uneven. 


Fors pulled out one of the stones and let out a low growl in 
ancient Hermes, “Door!” 


She grabbed onto Xio Derecha tightly as the stone released a 
faint blue glow. 


The figures of the two ladies turned indistinct, nearly invisible. 


They saw many forms they found difficult to describe. There 
were even transparent objects that didn’t seem to exist. They saw 
different colors, lustrous splendors which seemed to possess 
immense knowledge. They had entered the mysterious spirit 
world. 


In this strange world that stood distinct from reality, Fors 
proceeded in a particular direction while pulling Xio along. 


Seconds later, they exited their indistinct states and returned to 
reality—to Backlund. 


But they were no longer at Darkholme’s house, but instead 
arrived at an empty cemetery. 


Qilangos, who was wearing his scaled glove, silently appeared at 
the door of Darkholme’s house. He swept the interior with his 
cold gaze. 


He froze for a moment, then creased his brows as he muttered to 
himself, “Traveler?” 


In the cemetery. 


“What are we going to do next?” Fors panted, sensing their 
predicament and feeling a lingering sense of fear. 


The bracelet was a mystical item she had received along with 
the formula for Apprentice and its corresponding materials back 
during a fortuitous encounter of hers. Other than causing her to 
hear strange, faint murmurings during the full moon every 
month, it posed no threat. 


There were originally five stones on the bracelet, each stone 
allowing her to traverse through the spirit world, technically 
allowing her to teleport. But now, there were only two stones 
left. 


Xio calmed herself down and nodded solemnly. 


“First notify Miss Audrey, then-then we call the police!” 


Chapter 178: The Subsequent Iteas 


“Call the police?” Fors Wall repeated in surprise. 


To Beyonders, lodging a police report seemed to be something of 
another world. 


Xio paced back and forth as she tugged her coarse blonde hair. 


“The scene of Darkholme’s death is harrowing and creepy. As 
long as the police aren’t blind, they would definitely pass the 
case on to the Mandated Punishers, the Nighthawks, the 
Machinery Hivemind, or the special department of the military. 
When that happens, we can leak some more information and let 
them know that the murderer is Qilangos. At that point, the 
entire city will be chasing after him. 


“Our goal is only to look for Qilangos, not to capture him. With 
the ‘help’ of so many Beyonders, things would become much 
simpler and safer. Once Qilangos panics and makes a mistake, it 
would be our chance to claim our bounty. Heh heh, I’m referring 
to the discovery of his whereabouts.” 


Xio laughed dryly and looked at the appalled Fors. 


“Do you think that the only way I know to deal with problems is 
by charging into them headfirst? The difference between us and 
Qilangos is as vast as the Desi Bay.” 


Fors nodded slowly and said, “Your understanding of yourself is 
absolutely right. You’ve done too many things of a similar 
nature. Hence, the losses that you've suffered is sufficient for you 


to advance to Sequence 8. 


“Luckily, youre still rational enough regarding this matter.” 


Xio lowered her head to look at her triangular blade. She thought 
for a moment and said, “...1 have to be honest. I clearly sensed 
the approach of Death earlier. Qilangos was no doubt nearby. 
That was an aura evil enough to destroy us at any time. That 
triggered an instinctual response in me.” 


Fors wore her silver bracelet that had two stones left and 
thought seriously. 


“I agree with your idea. Let’s inform Miss Audrey first and lodge 
the police report after.” 


“Yes, regardless if it was Darkholme or his underlings who found 
Qilangos’s traces, we could continue to investigate with that 
approach and find out Qilangos activity range and the location of 
his residence.” 


Xio creased her slim blonde eyebrows and said, “But Qilangos 
would definitely not remain in the same place.” 


Even as one of the Seven Pirate Admirals, even if he had the 
assistance of a mystical artifact, Qilangos had to be extremely 
careful in Backlund. 


Even Nast, the King of the Five Seas, had once encountered 
disaster here and was nearly caught. 


“No, what I meant was, to surmise or confirm the purpose of 


Qilangos’s visit to Backlund based on the clues. Once we know 
what he’s trying to do, no matter how he disguises himself or 
what tricks he pulls, he’ll be exposed to us in the end. Then, our 
mission would be accomplished,” Fors explained in detail. “Two 
years of novel-writing experience tells me that things would 
become simple once we grasp the crux of the matter.” 


Xio looked at her best friend in shock. She couldn’t believe the 
woman had just made such a logical statement. 


“Tm different from you. 'm merely too lazy to think, while you 
think with your muscles.” Fors pursed her lips, leaned her head 
sideways, and smiled. 


“Teasing me doesn’t make you smarter...” Xio tried to smooth out 
her few strands of blonde hair that was sticking out. “Alright, 
let’s head over to Empress Borough and tell Miss Audrey about 
this.” 


Fors nodded faintly and said, “So, what’s our emergency contact 
method with Miss Audrey?” 


Xio was momentarily put at a loss. She looked afar at the 
tombstone as she said, “She told me that pet dog of hers we saw 
earlier walks herself at least five times a day. Well, the next 
walk should be after lunch.” 


“In other words, we have to loiter around suspiciously outside 
Earl Hall’s luxurious manor?” The corner of Fors’s lips twitched. 


Xio suddenly looked sideways and revealed an obsequious smile, 
“Fors, or would you prefer to just sneak in? 


“I don’t think that would be difficult for you. It’s what you’re good 
at.” 


“A hereditary count for centuries, one of the most influential 
parliament members in the House of Lords, the largest 
shareholder of Varvat Bank, the fourth largest shareholder of 
Backlund Bank, the special consultant of the Imperial Bank of 
Loen, the third largest shareholder of Suchit Bank in the Intis 
Republic, the second largest shareholder of Constant Coal and 
Steel Consortium, and so on. These are the titles of Miss Audrey’s 
father. Xio, use your brain; how could a man like that not 
employ any Beyonders? Would he not have any prized 
collections? This is different from those destitute viscounts and 
barons!” Fors replied in exasperation. “I swear in the name of 
God, if I were to sneak in, I would be discovered and caught 
within five minutes.” 


Xio nodded continuously in agreement. 


“Let’s wait for the golden retriever then...” 


With that said, she led the way. After she took a few steps 
forward, she spoke with her back facing Fors, “Uh, well, I will 
compensate you for your losses and the damages in the future. 
I'm referring to the stone, of course.” 


Listening to that, the corner of Fors’s lips lifted and she said, “I 
was saving myself. 


“And, Xio, you're going the wrong way! 


“God, if you were an Apprentice and ended up becoming a 
Traveler in the future, it would be a disaster!” 


Outside Earl Hall’s luxurious manor. 


Xio and Fors hid behind an Intis parasol tree and secretly 
observed their target building in silence, watching the people 
walking to and fro. 


After God knows how long, they finally saw the golden retriever 
come out from a hidden hole under the wall. It pricked up its 
ears and looked to its left and right, appearing very cautious. 


Just as Susie started taking its walk happily, a black male dog 
popped up from nowhere. It fawned on Susie and started 
running around in circles. 


“This is the first time I’m seeing a dog show such a humanlike 
reaction. Just how much does it hate that black dog?” Xio sighed. 


She could tell from Susie’s gaze and facial expression that there 
was obvious detest. 


Fors smiled and said, “It’s just like encountering a rash, 
disgusting, and persistent lecher.” 


Seeing Susie attempt to speed up to escape the black dog’s 
pursuit, Xio stood up to administer “Justice.” 


“My ruling is for you to leave her alone!” Xio shouted with a 
mask of solemnity. 


The black dog was taken aback and immediately scampered 
away with its tail between its legs. 


Susie let out a breath of relief and slowed down. It barked 
politely and wagged its tail. 


That was close, I nearly said “Thank you” to them... The golden 
retriever thought in joy. 


That would’ve been a very awkward situation... 


A melodic tune slowly came to a halt as Audrey picked up the 
latest intelligence Xio and Fors had delivered and read it with 
knitted brows. 


She closed the piano cover and stood up elegantly. She paced 
back and forth in her piano room and considered her next course 
of action. 


Qilangos is a very dangerous man... If Xio and Fors continued 
investigating, they might end up in danger... It might even expose 
me... Yes, I should just proceed according to their suggestion. Oh 
yeah, it’s another two hours until the Tarot Club. I wonder what 
Mr. Fool would suggest? If he’s still not interested, I'll discuss it 
with The Hanged Man carefully... Audrey gradually calmed 
herself down. 


This was the first time she had encountered, or perhaps was 
described as being placed in such a perilous situation. There was 
already one death! 


Three in the afternoon. 


Audrey’s vision recovered from a crimson and blurry state before 
seeing the boundless gray fog that didn’t belong to reality, the 
lofty palace that looked like the home of a giant, the long ancient 
mottled bronze table, and The Fool who was always engulfed by 
a thick layer of fog. Lastly, she saw The Hanged Man and The 
Sun. 


At that moment, Audrey’s tense and anxious emotions seemed to 
relax—she felt so safe, so calm. 


I'm participating in the Tarot Club that doesn’t belong in the 
material world, and I’m dealing with Mr. Fool who’s nearly a god. 
Qilangos and I are on different levels... Audrey sat in an upright 
position proudly. She lifted her chin slightly and greeted 
cheerfully, “Good afternoon, Mr. Fool! Good afternoon, Mr. 
Hanged Man! Good afternoon, Mr. Sun!” 


After they greeted one another, Klein saw that Miss Justice was 
indicating her desire to speak; therefore, he nodded faintly to 
express his permission. 


“Honorable Mr. Fool, I wonder if your Blessed has received the 
compensation of 300 pounds?” Audrey asked, holding back her 
urge to talk about Qilangos while she showed concern over her 
leader’s Blessed. 


Klein smiled and said, “I didn’t pay close attention to this matter. 
But as my Blessed didn’t request for additional help, I suppose he 
has already received it.” 


Yes, I’ve checked multiple times. There are 300 pounds lying in my 
anonymous bank account... Klein added in his head happily. 


“That’s great!” Audrey relaxed and looked across her. “Mr. 
Hanged Man, there’s been progress regarding Qilangos.” 


Alger suddenly sat up straight. He couldn’t hide his excitement 
as he asked, “Where is he?” 


“Unfortunately, he noticed our investigations just after we 
discovered his tracks. He killed one of the personnel involved.” 
Audrey repeated the highlights of Xio’s and Fors’s story and 
explained their follow-up plan in detail. 


Alger nodded faintly and said, “Ill pay close attention.” 


Then, he turned to the side and looked towards the seat of honor 
at the long bronze table. Under the vacant gaze of The Sun, 
Derrick, who listened but didn’t understand anything, he said, 
“Honorable Mr. Fool, if I were to find out Qilangos’ true intention 
and the very important and mystical item that he intends to 
obtain, please allow me to recite your name and inform you 
through the ritual.” 


He didn’t repeat his request for The Fool’s Blessed to provide him 
assistance. As he brought it up before and The Fool had given his 
answer, there was no need to harp on the topic. Otherwise, it 
might provoke the god. 


Hence, Alger made it clear that his intention was only to report 
his findings. 


If the final temptation was sufficient, he believed that Mr. Fool’s 
Blessed would definitely appear. 


That works? Audrey widened her eyes. 


I should’ve asked for the right to report as well. I might be able to 
gain Mr. Fool’s guidance occasionally... She thought with regret. 


Under everyone’s gaze, Klein leaned back into his chair and 
nodded faintly. He replied slowly, “You may.” 


Chapter 178: Praising Mr. Fool 


Alger heaved a sigh of relief when he heard The Fool’s answer. 
He lowered his head and humbly said, “Please allow me to thank 
you in advance.” 


That’s because I’m also curious... curious about the item Qilangos 
is searching for. I want to know about the item that can allow a 
Sequence 6 Wind-blessed to have the strength of a Sequence 4... 
I’m also curious about what a pirate admiral is going to do in 
Backlund... Klein smiled, maintaining his profound posture. 


It’s not like I’ve promised to provide assistance after I hear your 
prayers! He emphasized in his heart. 


But now, he was a lot more confident than before. Now, he had 
actual allies and the mysterious Mr. Azik who was currently in 
Backlund. 


If it was absolutely necessary, Klein was willing to use the 
copper whistle to enlist the help of Azik. Of course, he definitely 
wouldn’t mention the Tarot Club. He would probably say he got 
information from some random source. 


There were still two problems that existed in this matter. First, 
Klein was only limited to a cooperative relationship with Azik. It 
wasn't necessarily the case that Azik would provide assistance 
unless he was interested in what Qilangos was doing or the 
mystical item that he was after. 


Second, Klein was unsure of just how powerful Azik was. Even if 
he had made the assumption that Azik was a High-Sequence 
Beyonder, he had to consider the fact that his memory loss 


might have weakened his abilities. After all, knowledge was 
usually equated with power, and the lack of knowledge would 
definitely diminish Azik’s power. 


If that was the case, Klein couldn’t guarantee that Azik could deal 
with Qilangos, especially with the latter wielding the Creeping 
Hunger. Klein was afraid that he would be placing Azik in danger 
so he was unwilling to trouble Azik unless he absolutely had to. 


Now that I think about it, Mr. Azik’s terrifying messenger can be 
summoned with the bronze whistle... No, that thing doesn’t look 
like a messenger at all; it could take the role of an evil boss! So, 
even if Mr. Azik cannot beat the Creeping Hunger augmented 
Qilangos, he should be able to defend himself easily and have 
enough power left to save The Hanged Man, Miss Justice, and her 
partners... Klein shifted his posture as he thought, still leaning 
against the back of his chair. He propped his right leg over his 
left. 


The Hanged Man Alger looked at The Fool and spoke once again, 
“Im about to receive a batch of pages from Emperor Roselle’s 
diary. I believe that I can present them to you in the next 
gathering, or the gathering after that.” 


According to the arrangement of the Church of Storms, Pritz 
Harbor was under the jurisdiction of the Backlund diocese. Thus, 
Alger could enter the capital and wait for Vice Admiral Hurricane 
Qilangos to show himself under the guise of reporting about his 
previous voyage. 


Backlund had been the headquarters of the Church of Storms 
until the end of the last epoch, having shifted their holy altar to 
Pasu Island only after the establishment of the Loen Kingdom. 
Regardless, the status of the Church of Storms in Backlund was 
second only to the headquarters of the Seven Great Churches. 
One could imagine the information the Church of Storms held. 


Under these circumstances, Alger was confident that he would 
be able to collect pages of Emperor Roselle’s diary in the name of 
research. After all, they were indecipherable at present. 


Klein allowed joy to color his tone, as he said with a gentle nod, 
“Very good.” 


What he was really feeling right now was a mix of joy and 
worry. He was happy that he could see several pages of Emperor 
Roselle’s diary soon. They might contain a lot of useful 
information, but he was also worried about what he had to give 
The Hanged Man in return. After all, no one knew if The Hanged 
Man would be interested in the contents of the diary, or if the 
content was valuable enough. 


Even a Seer is unable to determine that in advance... Must I really 
let my “Blessed” help him? Klein gave a silent sigh. 


Audrey Hall hurriedly spoke up when she saw the conversation 
between The Hanged Man and The Fool end. 


“Honorable Mr. Fool, may I recite your name and inform you 
using a ritual should I receive any timely and _ useful 
information?” 


Timely... Look, Miss Justice’s choice of words is so refined. 
Compared to her, you are too vulgar, The Hanged Man! Klein 
nodded slightly, saying past the fog, “You may.” 


Great! Audrey secretly clenched her fists. 


At the same time, Klein turned to look at The Sun, Derrick Berg, 
who had been silently listening to their conversations. He spoke, 


his tone was peaceful, “The same goes for you as well.” 


“Yes, Mr. Fool.” Derrick lowered his head. 


The majestic palace was silent for a few seconds before Audrey 
spoke, “I need the complete pituitary gland of a Rainbow 
Salamander.” 


One of the main ingredients of the Telepathist potion? Hanged 
Man Alger nodded slightly as if he was contemplating. 


“I don’t have it. To be honest, I’ve only seen this creature in 
textbooks.” The Sun, Derrick, heard the term automatically 
translated to him as Phantom Netherdrake. 


What kind of textbook would discuss a supernatural creature? 
How envious... I can only get information like that at a Beyonder 
gathering, through word of mouth, or through a crumpled piece of 
paper. There’s no system in place, and my search for knowledge 
lacks organization... I'll find a way to trade for the Sun’s textbook 
in the future! Oh, he was interested in the formula for the Bard 
potion... Audrey thought, a little envious. 


At that moment, Alger looked at The Fool, then retracted his 
gaze. He then looked opposite him and said in thought, “I might 
have a way of obtaining the complete pituitary gland of the 
Rainbow Salamander.” 


Without waiting for Audrey to speak, he added on, “But it’s under 
the premise that Qilangos is found. When the time comes, the 
complete pituitary gland of the Rainbow Salamander would be 
equivalent to the extra compensation that I owe you. Miss 
Justice, you might not know, but these creatures are nearly 
extinct, and we can only find traces of them in primitive islands 
in the Sea of Fog, the Berserk Sea, or the Sonia Sea. Not many 


people have the coordinates to these Islands. Heh, if you're 
interested, we can make a deal, for I am one of the few who 
knows how to get there.” 


I'm also interested in those primitive islands... Klein silently 
listened to their conversation. 


Thinking about the extinction of the Rainbow Salamander, he 
suddenly recalled the joke he cracked with Old Neil—the Dragons 
and Giants Protection Association. He let out a sigh in his heart. 


Audrey became thrilled after hearing that. She fought back her 
emotions as she said, “I once dreamed of going on a voyage in 
search of these primitive islands to take in the history.” 


My Goddess, the Tarot Club is too powerful, too wonderful! To be 
able to recruit a member who has the coordinates of the primitive 
islands! Praise Mr. Fool! Audrey couldn’t maintain her Spectator 
state as a smile crept across her face. 


Primitive islands? Klein froze for a moment, then thought about 
a page of Emperor Roselle’s diary that he had seen, the one 
where the Emperor described himself as a pirate king! 


He said that he discovered an unnamed island with many 
supernatural creatures when he and his Four Horsemen of the 
Apocalypse were traversing the Sea of Fog on an unsafe sea 
route. 


Could that be the so-called primitive island? How unfortunate, the 
Great Emperor didn’t include any coordinates in his diary. 
Perhaps the information will be in some future pages, but as of 
now, I haven’t received any pages of his diary in chronological 
order... Klein was filled with regret and anticipation. 


The Sun Derrick was already confused by the terms “Sea of 
Fog,”’“Berserk Sea,”“Sonia Sea,”“primitive island,” etc. 


He felt more and more certain that Miss Justice and Mr. Hanged 
Man belonged to a different world than he did. 


After collecting herself for a few seconds, Audrey asked 
curiously, “Does the near-extinction of the Rainbow Salamander 
mean that the Spectator pathway will be severed soon?” 


“No, there will definitely be substitute materials.” Alger gave a 
definite answer. 


“What substitute materials are there?” Audrey’s eyes brightened 
as she asked. 


Alger shook his head, replying without revealing certain 
profound truths, “I don’t know. Perhaps the members of the 
Psychology Alchemists might know.” 


“Then how can you be so sure that there will be substitute 
ingredients?” Audrey didn’t understand. 


Alger laughed and said, “You will understand in time. Or do you 
have something to trade for the information right now?” 


“I guess I'll wait.” Audrey pouted and sighed. She also dismissed 
the idea of asking Mr. Fool. 


There’s no use in me knowing for the time being... The Hanged 
Man will definitely ask about something regarding Vice Admiral 
Hurricane, and I cannot be dragged too deep into that matter... 


She suddenly felt like praising her intellect. 


But what she never expected was that Mr. Fool was feeling very 
disappointed at that moment. 


Klein was rather curious about the secrets which Alger’s words 
held. Unfortunately, Miss Justice, who was the best assist all this 
while, didn’t choose to go through with the transaction. 


No matter what method they chose to perform a transaction, the 
contents of the deal couldn't be hidden from the owner of the 
fog! 


Well, even if the Rainbow Salamander is nearing extinction, the 
Psychology Alchemists are still giving out formulas listing it as an 
ingredient instead of providing a substitute. Does this mean that 
the Psychology Alchemists are in possession of the coordinates of 
certain primitive islands? Or could they be working together with 
an organization that has the coordinates? Klein wondered. 


After the end of the transaction discussions, Klein looked 
around, then turned to The Sun. He asked in a gentle tone, “Does 
the City of Silver still believe in gods?” 


Klein was merely an official member of the Nighthawks and had 
no access to deeper mysticism knowledge. An example would be 
sacrificial rituals. Thus, in order to refine his understanding of 
performing sacrificing dedicated to himself, to move materials 
in the mysterious space above the gray fog, as a Sequence 8, 
Klein needed to learn it as soon as possible from other sources. 


He came up with three methods after continuous consideration: 
First, he was going to ask Spirit Guide Daly, who was adept at 
ritualistic magic whilst also being a deacon. But this might 
invite suspicion from her; thus, Klein could only patiently wait 


for an opportunity. Second, he could ask Mr. Azik, but Klein 
couldn’t guarantee that he would be able to recall the knowledge 
in this area. Third, he was going to use a roundabout way to ask 
Sun, who lived in the City of Silver. 


Klein already had an idea of how he was going to do it while 
effectively maintaining his image. 


Whatever he asked would be tied to the gods! 


Derrick replied in a respectful tone, “We still believe in the Lord 
that created everything, the omnipotent and omniscient God.” 


Chapter 180: A Smart Person Always Overthinks 


Upon hearing The Fool’s question, Audrey perked up her ears and 
entered her Spectator state. She waited for The Sun to answer. 


She had always been curious about where the City of Silver was 
and what was so special about that place, but she couldn’t bring 
herself to ask. It touched upon his privacy after all. 


At that moment, Mr. Fool was asking personally. It was like 
finishing the first volume of an outstanding detective novel she 
had been reading for a long time, and she finally had the chance 
to buy the next volume! 


The Sun’s answer didn’t disappoint her. They didn’t believe in the 
mainstream seven orthodox deities, nor did they believe in 
Death as the Southern Continent did. They also didn’t believe in 
the hidden existences, evil gods or devils—Primordial Demoness, 
Hidden Sage, Dark Side of the Universe, Chained God, or the True 
Creator—which The Hanged Man had told her before. 


The City of Silver is really special! They actually worship the 
Creator Himself! This is the primordial worship that Mr. Hanged 
Man described, right? Hmm, the description of omnipotence is a 
little strange... Audrey stole a glance at The Hanged Man 
subconsciously and realized that he was nodding slightly. 


Klein wasn’t surprised at all. He purposely chuckled and asked in 
reply, “Even though He abandoned you?” 


Abandoned? The Creator abandoned the City of Silver? Alger was 
shocked. Suddenly when he suddenly made the connection 
regarding a particular term. 


The Forsaken Land of God! 


In the confidential information of the Church of Storms, at the 
security clearance level that Alger, who was Captain—equivalent 
to the Bishop level—could access, the Forsaken Land of God had 
always only been a name with no actual description. However, it 
clearly pointed towards the end of the Sonia Sea. From what he 
knew, even the Cardinals at the core of the church had no idea 
what the Forsaken Land of God represented. But only the leader 
of the church, the Proxy of the Lord of Storms, knew something 
about the situation and seemed to be taking charge of the hidden 
mission to look for the Forsaken Land of God. 


Alger had once made a bold guess when he equated the True 
Creator’s holy residence which was promoted by the Aurora 
Order with the Forsaken Land of God. But, unfortunately, The 
Fool hadn’t confirmed his guess, so he couldn’t be sure. 


Now, he was shocked and surprised to find that the Tarot Club 
member using The Sun as his code name was very likely from 
the Forsaken Land of God! 


Mr. Fool knew where the Forsaken Land of God was all this time, 
and he could pull someone from there to be a member of the 
Gathering! This is a hidden place that the Church of Storms has 
been trying to find to no avail! 


Alger looked at The Fool who was seated in the seat of honor at 
the end of the ancient long bronze table in horror. He could only 
see that he was leaning back in his chair in silence, engulfed by 
the thick fog. 


Audrey wasn’t particularly moved about it. The only time that 
she had heard about the Forsaken Land of God was from The 
Hanged Man’s question. She wasn’t particularly interested, so 
she failed to associate it to anything from what Mr. Fool said 


earlier. 


The City of Silver has the legend about being abandoned by the 
Creator... Huh, Mr. Hanged Man seems to be deeply affected... 
What is he amazed and afraid of? Audrey nodded in puzzlement 
as she remembered the details of the moment. 


“yes, we believe that we will regain the Lord’s favor in the end. 
Perhaps, it will be on the day the sun rises again,” Derrick Berg 
answered in an uncertain tone. “We were once ruled by the 
giants’ royal family, and we worshiped the Giant King Aurmir. 
Later, we were saved by the Lord and we will never betray the 
Lord again.” 


Ruled by the giants’ royal family... It really is ancient. But it 
doesn’t seem to match... Alger, who had guessed at something, 
suddenly recalled the description about the Second Epoch in the 
hidden chapter of The Book of Storms. 


The Second Epoch was also known as humanity’s Dark Epoch. At 
the time, the sky, ocean, and land were ruled over by dragons, 
giants, elves, mutants, devils, phoenixes, demonic wolves, and 
dead spirits. But in the end, the Lord of Storms, Eternal Blazing 
Sun, and the God of Knowledge and Wisdom led humanity into 
defeating the supernatural creatures and ushered in the 
beginning of the Third Epoch, the Glorious Era, which was later 
known as Cataclysm. 


Giant King Aurmir... Klein repeated the name in silence. 


In various legends and myths, it was a great existence on par 
with the deities. Even now, there were still some places that 
worshiped him. Even the most famous and most expensive 
grape wine in the Intis Republic was named after Aurmir. It was 
said that the Giant King particularly fancied grape wine which 
was like blood. 


Considering the fact that the Church of the God of Combat is in 
control of the complete pathway of the Warrior, which once 
belonged to the giants, can I assume that Aurmir was the ancient 
God of Combat? Klein guessed. 


He nodded deliberately but didn’t think any further about it. He 
then asked calmly, “Do you still offer sacrifices to this 
omnipotent God?” 


“Yes, we still do. But since the day we were abandoned, we have 
never gotten any response.” Derrick’s voice had a hint of 
unconcealed pain. 


Klein leaned against the back of his chair leisurely. He half- 
closed his eyes and said, “Describe the process of your offering 
ritual in detail.” 


Does Mr. Fool want to figure out the truth behind the City of 
Silver’s abandonment? Or does He want to determine if the Creator 
still exists? Alger suddenly felt a shock through his body and he 
quivered. 


Not only was he afraid, but he was also excited too. This was 
because he felt he was being made privy to the secrets between 
deities! 


That made him feel like he had been elevated to a whole new 
level! 


I’ve been chasing after power, after strength. Didn’t I do it to 
achieve this kind of feeling? Alger leaned back, lifted his chin, and 
got carried away with his thoughts. 


Mr. Hanged Man’s mental state doesn’t seem to be normal... 
Audrey looked at him with pity. 


She finally understood that there might be some sort of shocking 
secret behind the communication between Mr. Fool and The Sun, 
which led to The Hanged Man’s loss of composure. 


After the Qilangos commission is over, I'll pay the price to get 
information about what Mr. Hanged Man learned todavy... I 
wonder if he would be willing to... Audrey thought in anticipation, 
yet was still a little worried. 


Derrick didn’t notice the weight that was hanging on his answer 
as he replied frankly, “We build opulent altars covered in the 
Lord’s symbol. Every time we receive a bumper Black-Faced Grass 
harvest, we hold a sacrificial ritual. 


“We use the monsters we capture in the depths of the darkness 
to use as Sacrificial offerings. After we recite God’s honorable 
title and the necessary prayers, we dance for Him and then kill 
the monsters, to let their spirituality and tainted blood dye the 
entire altar. If we haven’t caught any monsters, then we use a 
sinner on the lowest floor in the City of Silver prison instead. 


“Then, we turn the very first batch of Black-Faced Grass into food 
and serve it before the Lord. 


“In the end, we sing praises in unison and end the ritual.” 


Since I was planning to offer a sacrifice to myself, ’'m not picky 
about time, and the altar can be as simple as possible. The most 
important part would be to open a channel with the aid of the 
monsters’ spirituality or the blood containing Beyonder powers to 
complete the sacrifice offering. Of course, this is under the premise 
that one will receive a response? How extravagant... Klein used his 


mysticism knowledge to analyze every step of the sacrificial 
ritual in the City of Silver before finally saying, “What are the 
corresponding prayers? What language do you recite them in?” 


Derrick was also looking forward to this, so as to gain hints from 
Mr. Fool on how to shake off the curse, so he recalled it carefully 
and answered, “We use Jotun, which is also our common 
language. 


“The corresponding prayers are, 
“Your devoted believers pray for your attention. 


“We pray for you to take their offerings. 


“We pray for you to open the gates to your Kingdom.” 


Klein listened in silence and intentionally let the engulfing fog 
slowly swirl around him. He nodded as though deep in thought 
and remained silent. 


As for what he learned from it, he obviously wouldn’t share it... 


Alger found it very normal. How could the secrets of a deity be 
revealed directly to a mortal? Derrick also steeled his resolve to 
quickly grow in power, so that he could obtain something that 
could garner Mr. Fool’s interest in exchange for his guidance. 


After some more communication, Klein ended the gathering. He 


watched Justice’s, The Hanged Man’s, and The Sun’s figures 
vanish before him. 


He looked down and saw the boundless gray fog and crimson 
stars that seemed eternally immutable. 


However, after he advanced to Sequence 8, he realized that he 
could connect even more stars. In other words, he could pull in 
more members. 


At least two... Klein nodded indiscernibly. 


He wasn’t in a hurry to add new members. He planned to act as 
he had before. He would first wait and observe. If Justice and The 
Hanged Man had any recommendations, he could assess them 
first. 


What I saw the last few times was when The Sun was praying. 
There was a clear crystal ball before him, but ever since I pulled 
him into the world above the gray fog, that crystal ball has never 
appeared again... Does the prerequisite needed to pull people in 
through the connection of the crimson star have something to do 
with having a special item around them? Or does every crimson 
star correspond to an item in reality, which, when it’s connected 
successfully, it would return to the world above the gray fog? 


I wonder if Miss Justice and Mr. Hanged Man were the same... 
Let’s just assume that’s the case. In that case, if people without 
this special item were to recite: “The Fool that doesn’t belong to 
this era, the mysterious ruler above the gray fog; the King of 
Yellow and Black who wields good luck.” and allow me to hear 
their prayers, would I be able to pull them in? 


I can give it a try in the future. 


Klein didn’t stay any longer. He wrapped himself with 
Spirituality and stimulated a descent, leaving behind the lofty 
palace, the ancient table, and the twenty-two high-back chairs 
which sat immutably above the gray fog. 


He had mastered the overflowing power of the Clown potion and 
eliminated the corresponding negative effects. Therefore, he 
wanted to try the ritual to summon himself! 


I wonder what Ill conjure this time... Klein thought in 
anticipation and fear as he fell through the mad ravings. 


Chapter 181: Different State 


Klein didn’t hurry to dispel the wall of spirituality when he 
returned to his room. Instead, he expertly took out a candle 
infused with sandalwood and placed it in the middle of his desk. 


He then followed the steps for the ritual, lighting up the candle 
with his spirituality and scattering essences, extract, and herb 
powder herbs symbolizing good luck and mystery. He saw the 
flame alternate between being dull and bright as he took in the 
fragrance of peace and harmony. 


Klein took two steps back and looked at the candle on the table. 
He then shouted in the language of the giants, “I!” 


After a pause, he switched to Hermes, “I summon in my name: 


“The Fool that doesn’t belong to this era, the mysterious ruler 
above the gray fog; the King of Yellow and Black who wields good 
luck.” 


At that moment, the flickering flame fused itself with the 
harmonious scent to form an illusory vortex, a vortex that 
manically absorbed the spirituality. 


After Klein finished reciting the incantations, the vortex 
stabilized to become a palm-sized circle of grayish-white fog. 


After observing the fog, Klein took four steps counterclockwise 
without hesitation. He returned to the world above the fog, and 
as he expected, he saw ripples of light spreading from his high- 
back chair, accentuating the mysterious aura of the weird 


symbol—the Pupil-less Eye and partially Contorted Lines—on his 
chair. 


He took in a deep breath and calmed his soul down using 
Cogitation before extending his hand toward the target. 


At that moment, he heard the incantations that he had just 
recited. He saw the surging spirituality and the rippling light 
fuse to form an illusory door. 


Compared to the previous time, the door was now completely 
formed and was etched full of mysterious patterns! 


The patterns were the same as the symbol on the back of The 
Fool’s chair, a symbol made up of the Pupil-less Eye and the 
partially Contorted Lines! 


As he looked at the door, Klein focused his mind and willed the 
door open. 


Without warning, ripples formed in the eternally immutable 
grayish-white fog and the majestic palace, like a stone being cast 
in a peaceful pond. The ripple spread in the direction of the Door 
of Summoning. 


The sound of heavy scraping sound caused by friction could 
suddenly be heard. A slit appeared in the heavy, mysterious door. 
Beyond it, one could faintly see an immensely dark world, filled 
with countless indescribable, transparent figures. There were 
also streaks of different colors, lustrous splendour that harbored 
infinite knowledge. 


At that moment, Klein felt an unimaginable, irresistible 


attractive force coming from beyond the door. He couldn't help 
but get pulled towards it. 


Damn! Are you not giving me the choice? Just as he had that 
alarming thought, his body went through the slit and vanished 
into the darkness behind the door. 


The dizzying, maniacal roars gradually died down. Klein finally 
came to his senses. 


He saw a young man in front of him. The man was wearing an 
old shirt, had black hair, brown eyes, and average-looking facial 
features. The man had an average build, was a little skinny, but 
his frame seemed to hide considerable power. He also had the 
obvious demeanor of a scholar. 


..Isn’t that me? Klein wasn’t a stranger to scenes like this. He 
encountered something like this every time he looked in the 
mirror. 


He nodded indiscernibly and surveyed his surroundings. He saw 
his bed with a white bedsheet draped over it. He saw his half top 
hat, tuxedo, and black trench coat hanging on his clothes rack. 
He saw a bookshelf with quite a number of books, his neat table 
that only had one candle on it. He saw the candle flame emitting 
a grayish-white glow. 


And now, he was floating in front of the palm-sized circle of 
grayish-white fog. 


So, have I really summoned muself? It feels a little like an out-of- 
body experience... but there’s also something a little different. 
Klein looked at the physical body belonging to him, toward “his” 
blank, vacant eyes and slipped into deep thought. 


But he could finally confirm one thing: it was only his spiritual 
soul, also known as his Soul Body in mysticism, that headed to 
the world of fog. The exterior appearance was that of the Astral 
Projection. 


It’s no wonder that I can directly see the Astral Projection surface 
of Justice, The Hanged Man, and The Sun and confirm whether 
they were Beyonders or not when I was in the world above the fog. 
I could also guess their Sequence numbers... My physical body 
seems to be under some form of protection, perhaps from the 
power of the ritual, for me to stand with such stability and not 
lose my balance. It should be the same for Miss Justice and the 
others... Klein slowly got used to the current situation and 
started to analyze the conditions of both his physical body and 
soul. 


He retracted his gaze and tried to move his soul, now fused with 
powers from the mysterious space. 


Whoosh! 


A cold wind started to blow, as it spiraled around the room. Klein 
savored the sensation of flying, joyfully making circles in the 
room. 


I can also take on the role of a “messenger” in this city now... I 
wonder if I can carry physical items with me... He collected 
himself and stopped. He floated in the air and experimented 
with his other abilities. 


He tried to grab a notebook from his bookshelf, but his hand 
passed through it. 


It feels a little sticky, it’s not like moving through air... I might be 
able to grab it after I become more powerful and able to better 


utilize the mysterious powers of the world above the gray fog. 
Klein once again tried grabbing a single piece of paper but to no 
avail. 


After more than ten seconds of deliberation, he flew toward the 
clothes rack and extended his transparent hand into the pocket 
of his black trench coat. He touched the Slumber Charms and the 
Requiem Charms that he replenished from a successful claim. 


They were objects infused with his own spirituality, different 
from ordinary objects in supernatural terms. Thus, Klein wanted 
to see if he could carry them about. 


His palm once again went through the charms, but he could 
clearly feel their existence. He felt the intertwining of 
Spirituality, but he didn’t have enough “strength” to pick them 
up. Of course, another explanation was that there wasn’t enough 
Spirituality within the charms to achieve a strong resonance 
with his current state. 


The spirituality isn’t strong enough... Klein thought as he moved 
towards the other pocket. That pocket stored the Flaring Sun 
Charms that he made with the stolen power of the divine blood 
and his own spirituality. 


A warm sensation quickly spread all over his body, making his 
form turn more stable and his thoughts clearer. 


He could take the thin gold piece out of his pocket. In the mirror 
in his room, the charm seemed to float out of the pocket on its 
own accord, similar to the descriptions in ghost stories. 


I can move Flaring Sun Charms. I can also create sound using my 
spirituality... So I do have certain abilities in this state... Klein 
flew toward the mirror and stopped in front of it. He saw that 


only the thin gold piece was reflected. Other than that, it was 
only the furniture and darkness in the room caused by the 
drawn curtains. 


After a few seconds of consideration, he placed the Flaring Sun 
Charm onto the bed before returning to the front of the mirror. 
He wanted to see if he could move through the mirror. 


His vision turned dark. Klein’s vantage point suddenly changed. 
He saw the room that was reflected in the mirror, the furniture 
that was accentuated by the weak sources of light. It made him 
feel as though he was hiding in an obscure corner, peeping into 
a tiny portion of the room. 


I really can go through the mirror. But this is only an ordinary 
item which doesn’t lead to some mysterious and strange world... 
Klein nodded and charged forward, once again returning to his 
room. 


The success of carrying the Flaring Sun Charm gave him 
immense confidence. Hence, he attempted grabbing something 
else. 


Mr. Azik’s copper whistle! 


The moment he touched the ancient and intricate object, he felt 
his spirituality expanding and freezing. 


His illusory eyes turned into dark, burning flames. 


It feels like I have gotten a little more powerful. My form is like a 
wraith’s but without the strong sense of vengeance... Klein 
projected his current appearance by calming his mind. 


This was one of the abilities of a Clown. 


“Mr. Azik’s copper whistle is truly fascinating.” He nodded, 
noticing that he could now pick up pieces of paper with certain 
weights. He could also pick up his Slumber Charms. 


How unfortunate. I can carry the silver ritual dagger, but the 
revolver is too heavy... Klein concluded his experiments and 
turned to see if he could use any spells in this state. 


After serious tests, he concluded that he could conjure two spells, 
the first being a formless howl could shake the souls of his 
target and the second was inducing a state akin to freezing via 
contact with a target. 


Klein came to a Satisfied stop. He looked out the oriel window, 
towards the sunlight, and street covered by the curtain. 


I wonder if I can move about during the day in this state... He 
muttered as he floated towards the window. 


He then carefully lifted the curtain, creating a slit and allowing a 
small amount of sunlight to pass through the wall of spirituality 
and into the room. 


Under the radiant sunlight, Klein felt his soul boil with a black 
fog. His powers were also being drained away, bit by bit. 


He quickly released his grip, allowing the curtain to block the 
light. 


I can’t... Klein thought for a moment, then placed his gaze on the 


Flaring Sun Charm on the bed. 


I wonder if the effect would be the same if I’m augmented with the 
divine blood of the Eternal Blazing Sun? He floated toward the bed 
and tried to grab the thin piece of gold. 


But just as he touched the charm, the warm pure feeling formed 
a stark contrast with his burgeoning cold spirituality. It was like 
an existential conflict between fire and water. 


Sizzle! 


He tossed the piece of gold away as if he had been burned. 


The power of Mr. Azik’s copper whistle cannot inhabit my soul at 
the same time as the Flaring Sun Charm. Klein understood as he 
set the copper whistle down. He felt his spirituality shrink, and 
the black flames in his eyes extinguished. 


In this state, both the spells I can use have been weakened... After 
another round of experimentation, Klein grabbed the Flaring Sun 
Charm, once again feeling the stabilizing and warm purifying 
effects the charm had on his Spirit Body. 


He returned to the window and cautiously moved through the 
curtain. 


The sunlight only felt warm on his body, but it didn’t inflict any 
harm. 


Not bad... Klein let out a mixed smile. He made his way past the 
wall of spirituality and cautiously flew out of the house with the 


intention of conducting more experiments. 


Chapter 182: Wanderer Klein 


The weather in Tingen turned from refreshing cool to a bitingly 
chill in early September. However, the sunlight at three or four 
in the afternoon was still warm and soothing. 


Klein went through the wall of spirituality and the oriel window. 
He floated in the air outside of his bedroom as he overlooked the 
people and carriages shuttling to and fro Daffodil Street. 


Just then, there was a man in a gray labor uniform who 
suddenly lifted his head and looked over. 


Klein panicked and wanted to hide, but he couldn’t find any 
suitable cover. 


When he didn’t see anything to hide behind, he started to sneak 
back into his house. However, from the corner of his eye, he saw 
the man earlier merely glanced over the window. Then, his gaze 
followed a flying sparrow, but unfortunately, he lost sight of it. 


In Tingen, birds could occasionally be seen. 


Phew... I forgot that an ordinary person wouldn't be able to see 
me... Klein let out a breath of relief and felt that he had yet to get 
used to the situation. 


As he grew more confident, he flew lower and went to a nearby 
spacious street where he floated above people’s heads. 


As he drew closer, Klein immediately realized that his “vision” 


was the same as his Spirit Vision. There was no need for him to 
activate it, but there was a restriction to its range. 


Also, besides the aura and emotional colors, he could faintly feel 
the existence of everyone’s soul. They were blurry, illusory, and 
transparent. 


In this state, I think I could bypass a person’s body and directly 
attack their soul... Klein nodded thoughtfully. 


He circled around and prepared to test his fastest speed. Hence, 
he flew towards Iron Cross Street with all his strength. 


It didn’t take long before he came to a halt and arrived outside 
the apartment he used to stay in. 


It should be about the speed of a car on the highway... It’s a pity 
that I still can’t go in and out of the spirit world; otherwise, it’d be 
perfect... But if I were to be lost in the spirit world, it’s said that 
the consequences are very severe. Just as Klein finished his self- 
evaluation, he felt low-spirited and gloomy. There was an 
unspoken pressure. 


He looked around and felt that Iron Cross Street was engulfed 
with gloominess that ordinary people could see, a darkness that 
the sunlight couldn't dispel. There were layers of numbness, 
despair, pain, and other emotions overlapping, as though they 
were corporeal. 


It feels just like what I experienced when using spiritual 
perception on this street when I first became a Seer. Iron Cross 
Street’s Middle Street and Lower Street hasn’t changed to this 
day... I wonder how many years it took to accumulate such 
oppression and gloominess... Klein recalled the past and sighed 
as he flew up to the third floor of the surrounding buildings. 


He finally felt sunlight and shook off his depression. 


Klein flew along Lower Street and, from time to time, he would 
see residents who were dressed in tattered clothes, looking 
expressionless and malnourished. He even ran into two bodies 
that had died of natural causes—prolonged starvation and 
malnutrition with a sudden infliction of an illness. 


There were countless people who died in agony every month. 
However, the bankrupt farmers and slaves that surged in from 
the Southern Continent replaced them very quickly... Klein 
sighed in silence and changed direction and flew south. 


That was the industrial area of Tingen. The steelworks, lead 
factories, ceramic factories, printing factories, metalworks 
factories, machine construction factories, and other factories all 
built right next to one another. 


As he flew, Klein saw towering chimneys. He saw dust filling the 
air and a thick gloominess that was only slightly better than the 
that of Lower Street. 


It was crowded with emotions of exhaustion, pain, pessimism, 
and numbness. Laborers who were in their thirties were 
considered the minority. 


Just as Klein wanted to fly lower to look at the area more closely, 
he suddenly felt weak. It was a weakness that came from inside 
him. 


My spirituality can’t withstand the duress... Klein became 
alarmed. He was in a hurry to return home, but he suddenly 
thought of a better possibility. 


I was “summoned” out. If I were to end the summon, I would 
return naturally! He calmed down and carefully felt the 
surrounding environment and his status. Unsurprisingly, he 
discovered something that was connected to him from infinitely 
far away but also infinitely close to him. It formed an intricate 
tether to him. 


Through this connection, Klein clenched the Flaring Sun Charm 
tightly and willed the strong desire to end the “summoning.” 


A massive and terrifying suction force overwhelmed him as his 
figure went from transparent to nearly invisible, and in a flash, 
he vanished from the corporeal world. 


Silence was everywhere in the boundless gray fog, and there 
were illusory crimson stars that twinkled. Klein reappeared in 
the lofty palace that looked like the home of a giant, as he sat in 
the seat of honor at the ancient bronze table. 


The entire procedure went well... Furthermore... Klein looked at 
his Spirit Body in pleasant surprise and saw that it contained a 
warm and pure gold portion. 


The Flaring Sun Charm! 


I actually brought something corporeal into the world above the 
gray fog! He held the charm with a smile and fiddled with it to 
make sure it wasn’t an illusory item. 


Klein stood up and paced back and forth, feeling completely 
gratified. He thought to himself in anticipation. 


As expected, ingredients and items can be brought into this 
mysterious space! 


I just need to find the correct way! 


However, this method is quite complicated. It needs me to do quite 
a bit before it reaches the destination. Furthermore, if I were to be 
summoned by the members all the time, it would damage The 
Fool’s image. I can only do that occasionally, or after I understand 
it more. I can design an incantation that summons The Fool’s 
“Blessed,” but it will similarly be directed at me... 


..I’m not some born laborer. Why must the incantation point 
towards me? When the time comes, I can conjure what seems like 
a messenger or a more unique “Blessed” and let it deal with the 
dispatch and collection of materials... 


Ideas popped up one after another as Klein contemplated. But 
due to the limitation of his capabilities and knowledge, he 
couldn’t put them into practice just yet. 


As he became even weaker, Klein didn’t dare to stay any longer. 
He used his spirituality to envelop himself and simulate the 
feeling of descending. 


In the blink of an eye, he returned to his bedroom. He saw 
splendid sunlight pouring in through the gap in his curtains. 


He examined his body and made sure that the Flaring Sun 
Charm wasn’t brought back but left above the gray fog. 


When I’ve gotten enough rest, I'll repeat the summoning ritual at 
dawn to bring the Flaring Sun Charm back to reality... Sigh, it 


would be great if I could maintain the state a little longer. That 
way, I would be able to investigate the houses with red chimneys. 
It’s such a pity that I can’t do it yet. I could only fly long enough 
to investigate a few houses before having to return above the gray 
fog and rest for half a day. The efficiency would be just as low. 
Klein walked before his desk and put out the silent burning 
candle. 


After he packed his things, he didn’t remove the wall of 
Spirituality immediately. Instead, he sat down and took out a 
pen and paper to write a letter—a letter to Mr. Azik! 


After he wrote the salutation of “Dear Sir,” he pondered for a few 
minutes before penning: 


“1 recently received news that one of the Seven Pirate Admirals, 
Vice Admiral Hurricane, Qilangos, has infiltrated Backlund. He 
carries a mystical item called the ‘Creeping Hunger.’ It provides 
an ability similar to a Shepherd, which is a Sequence 5 Beyonder 
that swallows different souls and obtains their corresponding 
powers. It’s said that there is a limit to the number of souls for 
Grazing, but the souls can be swapped out... 


“..Qilangos seems to have many Beyonder powers, and I’m not 
sure what he’s trying to do in Backlund... The news I received 
suggested that he might be after a very important, very mystical 
item that could make Qilangos a High-Sequence Beyonder or as 
powerful as a High-Sequence Beyonder...” 


Klein fabricated his source of information to generally describe 
the situation with Qilangos, but it wasn’t like Mr. Azik would 
look for a Nighthawk Captain to confirm it. 


Klein didn’t directly request assistance but made it seem like he 
brought up the subject casually to encourage Azik to be careful. 


Regardless of whether Mr. Azik was willing to help, it wouldn’t 
hurt to first lay the foundations! If Klein eventually needed to 
ask for help, it wouldn’t appear out of the blue that way! Klein let 
out a breath slowly and started writing the main content of the 
letter. 


“The mastermind behind all that has happened hasn’t taken any 
further action, and I still haven’t found any related clues. 


“The reason why I’m contacting you so suddenly is mainly to ask 
for your guidance regarding sacrificial rituals. I came across 
something like that during a recent mission...” 


With The Sun’s description and Mr. Azik’s answer to compare, I 
should be able to try a sacrificial ritual after that. By reversing the 
ritual, I should be able to bestow items... This would be a more 
suitable ritual for exchanging ingredients and items rather than 
summoning myself... Yes, let’s hope that Mr. Azik remembers the 
knowledge about this... Klein nodded slightly. He put down his 
pen without signing his name. 


There’s only one copper whistle, so I'm sure Mr. Azik wouldn’t 
make a mistake with the sender. 


Therefore, to be careful, Klein didn’t leave his name. 


After he folded the letter, he looked at his three-meter-tall 
ceiling. He picked up the copper whistle from the bed a little 
hesitantly. 


Perfect, let it squat and get the letter! Klein emphasized inwardly 
before lifting his right hand and putting the copper whistle to his 
lips. He puffed up his cheeks and blew hard. 


The whistle didn’t produce a sound, but Klein’s acute senses 
noticed that the surroundings had instantly turned cold. 


He activated his Spirit Vision and saw that there were blurry yet 
glistening white bones surging out of his study desk like a 
fountain as it rose in height. 


The white bones quickly gathered together and turned into an 
illusory yet huge monster. Its head tore through the wall of 
spirituality and reached somewhere unknown. 


Klein looked at the white skeleton’s thighs and body, as well as 
its arm that hung down. Seeing its right palm open up, the 
corner of Klein’s lips twitched as he tossed over the folded letter. 


The large bony palm did a sweep and caught the letter firmly. 


Then, Klein picked up his copper whistle and blew again without 
hesitation. 


The monster crumbled in an instant, transforming into bones 
that fell onto his desk before sinking in and vanishing. 


After doing all of that, Klein removed the wall of spirituality. In 
the sudden wind that stirred, he hobbled towards the clothes 
rack and returned the copper whistle to its original place. 


Then, he quickly walked to his bed and planted his head into it. 


The moment his body touched the soft mattress, he fell into a 
deep sleep. 


Chapter 182: A Lesson on Mediumship 


After dinner, Klein engaged in small talk before reclining on the 
sofa. He picked up the recently delivered Awwa Evening News 
and started leisurely reading. 


Benson wore a bitter expression as he sat opposite his sister. In 
front of him was the dining table which had been wiped clean 
by Bella. On it was grammar books, classic literature, 
accountancy notes, and other materials. In front of Melissa were 
her notes and stationery, including but not limited to pens, 
paper, rulers, compasses, etc. 


“It’s like ve been taken some ten years back. Back then, I was 
still a student at the Church’s Sunday school,” Benson 
complained, but he continued to study with his head down. 


That’s not too bad. This scene makes me feel the achievement of 
being a parent... Klein smiled and said, “Knowledge can change 
one’s destiny, and diligence will result in glory.” 


I made up the latter half of that saying. I wonder if Roselle has 
said that before... He lampooned in his heart. 


The room quickly became quiet except for the sound of pens 
scratching across pages or of books being flipped. Bella had 
finished doing the dishes and tidied up the kitchen before 
returning to her room on the first floor—a small room that was 
formerly the guest room. 


Klein sipped on his Sibe black tea as he read the newspaper, 
occasionally engaging in small talk with his siblings. It was 
relaxing. 


Suddenly, the gas lamps in the living room and dining room 
turned dark at the same time as if they had run out of fuel. 


Benson and Melissa looked up towards the lamps, in an attempt 
to figure out the cause. 


Klein also looked towards the lamps. 


At this moment, he felt something touch his arm. 


He was the only living person in the living room, but something 
had touched his arm! 


His hair stood on end. Klein retracted his arm and turned to look 
over. He saw five thin, pale fingers growing on the tip of a 
tongue. Underneath them was an irregular row of sharp teeth! 


Klein instinctively reached for his pockets. Within them were the 
Requiem Charms and Slumber Charms. But he caught a glimpse 
of a neatly folded piece of paper in the fingers’ grasp. 


A letter... 


A messenger! 


Klein heaved a sigh of relief. 


At that moment, the five pale fingers prodded his arm again. 


Klein saw Melissa about to stand up and check on the gas lamp. 
He reached out with his left hand and grabbed the letter, then he 
quickly retracted his arm and hid the letter under the stack of 
newspapers on the table. 


He then saw the fingers, tongue, and the irregular row of sharp 
teeth fade away and disappear from the corner of his eyes. 


With a thought, Klein tapped his left molar and silently activated 
his Spirit Vision. 


He once again saw the five abnormally thin fingers. He saw the 
long red tongue adorned with sharp, white teeth. He saw them 
retracting back into the transparent face on the ground. 


A second later, the face disappeared completely. The lights in the 
living room and dining room were restored back to normal. 


“Strange...” Melissa pouted, finding no faults with the lamps 
even after a serious check. 


Why is the lady in our house responsible for such things, while 
the men watch from the side? Klein shook his head and 
deactivated his Spirit Vision. 


When spirits were willing to be seen and had the corresponding 
abilities, even an ordinary person could spot them. What 
happened just now was an example. 


After discussing the problem with the gas lamps, the Moretti 
siblings became quiet once again. Benson and Melissa once 
again delved into the ocean of knowledge. 


Klein used the newspaper as a cover and unfolded the letter with 
one hand. He placed the paper between the newspapers and 
started reading the reply from Spirit Guide Daly, “...1 have to 
emphasize again, I prefer the title of Spirit Medium. 


“lm going to give you an positive response regarding what you 
asked. Yes, mediumship rituals can also be used on living beings, 
not just living humans. 


“But this is troublesome and poses some level of danger. The 
souls left behind by the dead are pure. They have few impurities 
or chaotic thoughts. We can communicate with them, asking 
them questions and receiving answers without any barriers. Of 
course, you can use the method of dream divination to directly 
receive images from them. 


“But that cannot be replicated with living humans. The subject 
still has a will and would fight against unprotected 
communication between souls.” 


Klein’s lips twitched when he read the letter. He confirmed that 
it was Daly herself who wrote this letter. 


Unprotected communication... That really is the way she speaks... 


Klein returned to the letter after taking a quick glance at his 
siblings. 


“We only have two methods when faced with such a situation. 
First, we can use our powerful spirituality and sophisticated 
mediumship rituals to triumph over the will of the other person, 
engaging in a barbaric method of communication. Second, we 
can use medication to make the other party relax. What I use the 
most are the Amantha essence and Eye of the Spirit medication. 
Heh heh, I’m sure that you still have a lingering impression of 


those. 


“After reaching the stage of channeling the soul, you must take 
note that you're also in a spiritual state, unlike when you're 
communicating with the souls left behind by the dead. In 
simpler terms, your spirituality is entering the spirituality world 
of the other party. 


“Take note, a professional Spirit Medium wouldn't lack the 
means of protecting themselves under such a state. But you 
cannot do that. You would not be able to learn or use the 
techniques that I know of even if I explained them to you. 


“So you have to maintain a certain level of lucidity and rational 
thought. Only through this method can you fight back against 
the torrents of the other party’s random and chaotic thoughts 
before arriving before his spirit and_ establishing 
communication. At this point, you'll be communicating at the 
level of the Body of Heart and Mind. 


“At this stage, you have two options. One is to use a technique to 
forcefully read the memories of the other party, but you have to 
be very careful, for you cannot be sure if the things you're 
reading are the things that you want to know. If you 
indiscriminately receive a large amount of memories from a 
person, its very likely that your soul would collapse. 
Furthermore, it will cause severe damage to your target’s soul, 
sometimes even destroying them completely. Unless you're a 
professional Spirit Medium, I do not suggest using this method. 


“The second option is to gently communicate with the other 
party’s Body of Heart and Mind. No matter how you entered, 
whether it be through violence or medication, the target will 
definitely be in a groggy state. They would generally not be able 
to lie, just like you couldn’t... no, you cannot recall what 
happened to you! Although I know you've definitely forgotten 
about it!” 


Sorry, Madam Daly, I was very awake back then... Klein chortled 
inwardly as he lowered his gaze and read the rest of the letter. 


“Such communication can allow you to obtain real answers, but 
they won't necessarily all be the truth. You should understand 
what I mean. As long as you read the news, you must have heard 
Emperor Roselle’s famous quote. I don’t remember the actual 
quote, but the essence of the quote is that what one says shall be 
the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth. In short, a 
spirit might not remember everything because a lot of memories 
are in one’s subconscious or collectively be in the subconscious. 
Oh, I shouldn’t mention that. Dunn calls it the evil theories of the 
Psychology Alchemists. 


“Thus, you must be able to guide the soul and be good at 
designing your questions, do you understand? The corresponding 
techniques include... 


“These are all under normal circumstances. What should we pay 
attention to when we're trying to communicate with the soul of 
a Beyonder who has gone insane? 


“It’s the same—maintaining your lucidity. You must not fall into 
a daze at all. This is because a Beyonder’s spirituality is very 
potent and their spirit is filled with chaotic thoughts. Let me give 
an example. An ordinary person’s consciousness is an island. 
The subconscious is the portion of the sea beneath the island. 
The collective subconscious is the surrounding sea. The sky 
belongs to the spirit world. As for a Beyonder, his ‘island’ might 
have a controllable active volcano. A lunatic’s island might have 
a volcano that can erupt at any time. It would quake the 
foundations and pollute the ‘sea.’ 


“When you come into unprotected contact with the spirit of an 
insane person, his chaotic thoughts might infect you, just like 
how polluted water in the sea would flow outward, spreading 
further. 


“yes, channeling his spirit under such conditions is like linking 
your ‘sea’ to his; thus, you need to pay close attention to this 
pollution. 


“A few examples are when a Spirit Medium is careless when 
doing similar things and didn’t use any protection. After that, 
they can develop mental problems similar to that of the target. 


“Under normal circumstances, mental diseases are not 
contagious. But in the domain of mysticism, in the world of 
channeling spirits, they can indeed be contagious. 


“Maintaining your lucidity and not being affected by the chaotic 
thoughts of the target are things that you must pay attention to. 
Following those would be the guided questions, which can be 
used to effectively communicate with an insane person. 


“If you wish to try this, I suggest applying a Serenity Agent before 
doing so. The corresponding formula is available behind Tingen 
City’s Chanis Gate. There’s also the formulated product. It can be 
effective in helping you maintain rational thought during the 
process. 


“Of course, you can also get Dunn to apply for help from the 
Backlund diocese. I’m very willing to see the spirituality state of 
an insane Sequence 7 Psychiatrist.” 


Lucidity and rational thought... That’s my expertise. I maintained 
lucidity and rational thought even when my soul was being 
channeled... Of course, I’m not someone who lets confidence get to 
my head. I'll still apply for the Serenity Agent, Amantha extract, 
and Eye of the Spirit medication! Klein heaved a sigh of relief, a 
little eager to make the attempt. 


He put down his newspaper and stood up. He then entered the 


bathroom and ignited the letter with his spirituality before 
tossing the ashes into the toilet bowl and flushing them. 


That night, Klein once again tried the ritual for summoning 
himself and brought the Flaring Sun Charm back to the physical 
world and into his room. 


He also didn’t receive Mr. Azik’s letter even though he had 
expected a swift reply. 


Perhaps he needed some time to recall the knowledge... or perhaps, 
he’s not free to give a reply for now... Or perhaps he’s worried that 
he would interrupt my sleep. Klein dispelled the wall of 
spirituality as he speculated. He made his way to the bed. 


The following day, Tuesday morning. 


Klein entered the Blackthorn Security Company and knocked on 
the door to the Captain’s office as usual. 


Chapter 184: Behini the Gate 


“Please come in,” Dunn Smith said with a mellow and pleasant 
voice. 


Klein turned the doorknob and pushed open the door to see the 
Captain having his breakfast. In his right hand was a cup of 
coffee emitting a rich aroma. On the plate in front of him, there 
was white bread toast and bacon. 


Dunn placed the remaining sandwiched toast with butter into 
his mouth and ate it. He then silently pointed to the chair 
opposite his desk. 


Klein didn’t disturb his Captain from enjoying his breakfast. 
With a smile, he sat down as he waited patiently. 


Dunn saw that he was in no hurry, so he relaxed back into his 
chair, picked up his coffee to take a sip, and swallowed the food 
in his mouth. 


He took a napkin, wiped the corners of his lips and said, “What’s 
the matter?” 


Klein nodded seriously and said, “I've met Daxter Guderian, the 
doctor at the asylum and also member of the Psychology 
Alchemists.” 


As he spoke, he caught a glimpse of the magazine that was 
spread open before the Captain. 


“Did he provide any news?” Dunn asked, crossing his arms. 


Klein simply described, “He told me that before Hood Eugen went 
crazy, there was someone who visited him quite frequently. That 
person’s name is Lanevus.” 


“Lanevus...” Dunn massaged his temples. “I seem to have heard 
of it before...” 


“He’s the cheat who swindled at least ten thousand pounds,” 
Klein reminded him. 


Dunn thought for a while with a serious look on his face. He 
then shook his head to show that he had no memory of it. 


Captain, you’re not sensitive at all when it comes to money! Klein 
lampooned and told him the related story about Lanevus by 
highlighting the main points. 


“The cheat falsely claimed that he had prospected and purchased 
an iron mine with rich deposits of iron ore. He raised funds from 
private individuals in Tingen and swindled more than ten 
thousand pounds. Someone I know from the Divination Club 
suffered a loss from this. In addition, a young woman was 
swindled into an engagement with him and is now pregnant 
with his child.” 


“He visited Hood Eugen multiple times before he went crazy,” 
Dunn said in thought. “Sequence 8 Beyonder, Swindler? The 
Marauder pathway...” 


Captain, your memory is actually good when it comes to this kind 
of thing... Klein found it funny as he reflected over it. He nodded 


faintly and said, “That was my guess as well. 


“Because the steelworks company that Lanevus set up was in the 
South and the victims were of several different beliefs, the case 
wasn’t passed to us in the end. Even if there had been evidence 
of Beyonder involvement in the case, it would’ve been passed 
over to the Mandated Punishers.” 


Dunn finally understood the ins and outs of the story. He looked 
at Klein with his deep gray eyes and said, “What do you want to 
do?” 


Cough, Captain, can you please not be so sensitive... Klein replied 
with a mask of solemnity, “I want to talk to Hood Eugen via a 
mediumship ritual and figure out why Lanevus came looking for 
him. I want to know if that visit is directly related to him going 
insane.” 


Dunn nodded slightly and said, “Even if you hadn’t applied to do 
it, I would’ve had a similar experiment done when we were 
certain that Hood Eugen is crazy. 


“However, Daly told me that it’s quite risky. Are you confident? I 
can ask for assistance from the Backlund diocese. It shouldn’t be 
a problem to delay it for a few days.” 


Klein’s main motivation to become a Beyonder was to study 
mysticism and find a way home. As it was a chance for practical 
exercise and he was confident enough, he was naturally 
unwilling to give it up. 


“Captain, I’ve mastered knowledge on the subject. ’'m confident 
about this. 


“Of course, I'll require certain ingredients, such as the Amantha 
extract, Eye of the Spirit medicine, and Serenity Agent.” 


“Serenity Agent...” Dunn ruminated over the name and 
confirmed Klein’s professionalism. 


He remembered Daly mention that it was a liquid medicine that 
was rarely used yet was very efficient in mediumship. 


Dunn Smith pondered for nearly twenty seconds and leaned 
back into his chair. He said, “Go ahead and fill out a request 
form. Then, collect what you need from behind Chanis Gate. Eh... 
I'm not sure if there are any finished goods. If there aren’t any, 
pick up the ingredients you need and concoct the medicine 
accordingly.” 


“Alright,” Klein replied happily. 


He didn’t get up but sat firmly in his chair. 


Dunn massaged his temples. He thought carefully and said, “It 
happens to be my turn to monitor the asylum this evening... We 
can’t visit Hood Eugen directly. No one knows if there are 
members of the Psychology Alchemists disguised as doctors, 
nurses, janitors, or patients in the asylum. No one knows if the 
Psychology Alchemists are monitoring Hood Organ either. Any 
action we take must be secret. We can’t expose that Daxter 
Guderian has become our informant.” 


“We'll go at dawn by sneaking in secretly.” 


“Yes, I'll keep guard while you perform the ritual to prevent any 
accidents from happening.” 


That'd be best! If Hood Eugen is just pretending to be crazy, while I 
use a mediumship ritual on him, It would be like I barged into the 
zoo and danced before a tiger... Klein relaxed and said sincerely, 
“Yes, Captain!” 


He stood up and walked towards the door. 


Just then, the corner of his eyes noticed the title of the magazine 
article the Captain was reading: “Donningsman Tree Sap in the 
Southern Continent’s rainforests has had a significant effect on 
boosting hair growth.” 


. Klein retracted his gaze, opened the door, and exited the 
Captain’s office. 


Suddenly, there was a playful thought that flashed through his 
mind. 


Actually, a Beyonder doesn’t need to go through such trouble. If 
Old Neil was still around, he could design a ritualistic magic for 
hair regrowth. Then, he would pray for the Goddess’s assistance. 
Whether one would be covered with hair and become a curly 
haired baboon, that’s another story... What would the Goddess’s 
response be? If it were me, I would definitely curse: Motherf*cker... 


That thought suddenly tainted Klein’s happiness with sadness, 
but there was also a hint of hilarity in the sadness. 


He entered the clerk’s office and sat before the Akerson Model 
1346 typewriter and finished typing his application. 


After Dunn Smith stamped and signed the application, he took it 
down to the basement and walked along the tunnel that was lit 


up with gas lamps, towards Chanis Gate. 


Only at that moment did Klein realize something. 


It would be the first time that he was going beyond the 
mysterious gate! 


“I wonder what it looks like...” He quickened his pace with 
anticipation and came before the twin doors of the black gate. 


He first passed his request to Seeka Tron, who was on duty that 
day for registration purposes. Then, Klein took back the 
document that now had her signature as well. He knocked on 
Chanis Gate and sensed how empty and distant the echo was. 


He didn’t hear any footsteps but within half a minute, the gate 
with seven Dark Sacred Emblems opened with a creak. 


Chanis Gate opened up to allow a single person’s passage before 
coming to a stop. Klein then walked in with the help of the gas 
lamps on both sides of the corridor. 


Behind the gate, there was an elderly man with obvious wrinkles 
and thinning hair. He was wearing a classic black robe and 
holding a barn lantern. 


The dim candlelight shone through the glass, illuminating the 
elderly man’s expressionless face which was a mixture of light 
and darkness. His light blue eyes were like ice that had been 
frozen for a thousand years. 


“Document,” he said with his husky voice. 


Klein had seen the elderly man before because at dusk every day, 
he would come out from behind Chanis Gate with his partners. 
They would pass by the duty room and take the hallway leading 
to Saint Selena Cathedral. 


They were Nighthawks who had aged and volunteered to keep 
guard inside. 


According to Klein’s understanding, there were five of them who 
were keeping watch. 


“This is my application.” He passed the document in his hands to 
the elderly man before him. 


The guard with light blue eyes raised the barn lantern and 
looked through the request carefully. After he made sure that 
there were no mistakes, he moved aside and let Klein pass. 


Klein passed through Chanis Gate slowly. He had yet to take a 
good look around when he felt an indescribably chill. 


It wasn’t the cold of winter, but a chill that would make a 
human’s spirituality shiver. 


Klein lifted his gaze and looked afar. He saw candlesticks 
appearing on the wall in succession, and there were silver 
candles with carvings on them. The flames gave out a blue 
luster, without any flickering. 


Creak! 


The guard closed Chanis Gate, and the surroundings became 


extremely quiet. 


There was a broad walkway before Klein, a walkway paved with 
ancient stone slabs. 


On both sides of the walkway were stone doors labeled 
“Ingredients,” “Medicine,” “Information,” and so on. 


At the end of the walkway, there was a flight of stairs that 
connected to the lower floors. It extended into the dark as though 
it was connected to the abyss. 


It should be connected to different sealed locations that have 
Sealed Artifacts. I heard that there are a few floors... I wonder 
which floor contains Saint Selena’s ashes? Klein adapted to the 
brightness behind the gate and suddenly felt that there was 
something shapeless scraping against his skin. They were in 
strips, and every one of them chilled him to the bones. 


He shivered, and he couldn’t help but activate his Spirit Vision. 


Then, he looked at the entire area behind Chanis Gate. It was 
filled with fine black lines. They were swaying lightly, 
occasionally clustered together, occasionally extended. They 
were tightly knitted without any gaps. 


This... This is the sealing power behind Chanis Gate? Klein nodded 
indiscernibly. He reined in his thoughts and followed the guard. 
They went through a heavy stone door labeled “Medicine Room.” 


Very soon, he found the Amantha extract, the Eye of the Spirit 
medicine, and the Serenity Agent by following the alphabet 
labels. 


He had seen the first two before, but it was his first time picking 
up the latter one. He saw that a blue fluid rippled in the 
translucent glass bottle. For some reason, looking at the fluid 
made him feel as though he had entered a mother’s embrace. 


On the bottle, there was a label. It showed the manufacturing 
date and the expiration date, which was still some time away. 


Luckily, it can still be used... Klein took the three tiny bottles of 
medicine and walked back to Chanis Gate with the guard 
keeping him company. He shook off the feeling of coldness that 
reached the deepest corner of his soul and the creepy experience 
of being swept by the black lines. 


When Chanis Gate closed, he couldn’t help but look back. He 
mumbled to himself, “Staying in there for a long time would 
affect both the body and soul, right? 


“It’s no wonder the guards have to volunteer...” 


Around dawn, Klein used a special technique to lock his 
bedroom. He pushed open his oriel window and jumped down. 


The two-story height posed no danger to the present him. He 
landed steadily without faltering at all. 


The Nighthawks’ carriage was already parked opposite, waiting 
for him. 


Without any exchange, Klein quickly arrived at Tingen Asylum in 


the North Borough. Following the Captain’s instructions, he took 
a detour to one of the corners without a street lamp where he 
saw the waiting Dunn Smith. 


“Let’s go in.” Dunn nodded faintly. “ve made sure that there’s no 
one around.” 


“Alright.” Klein quickly got closer. 


As a Clown, entering an asylum... it keeps reminding me of a 
famous saying: “It’s like returning home |i|” He mused to 
himself. 


He followed Dunn closely. With the aid of the wall’s bumpy 
surface, they somersaulted into the asylum quickly and agilely 
with outstanding balance. 


Dunn turned around and looked. He nodded slightly to give his 
approval. 


The two of them crouched and silently moved through the 
hospital’s small park and activity square. They then entered the 
three-story building in the asylum and arrived at the top floor 
where Hood Eugen’s room was. 


As Hood Eugen had the possibility of becoming violent now that 
he had gone insane, he had been assigned to a single room. 
Luckily, the monitoring Nighthawks hadn’t wasted their efforts 
during the surveillance and had made a copy of the room key 
long ago. 


Kacha! 


The lock clicked lightly, and Dunn entered first. Klein projected 
his gaze past his figure and saw the person sitting on the bed. 


Hood Eugen’s face was long and skinny. His eye sockets were 
deeply concave and his blond hair was disheveled. 


He was looking at the metal barred window with his grayish- 
blue eyes. He was looking at the crimson moon outside. 


Klein closed the door to the room and chuckled as he casually 
asked, “Why aren’t you sleeping?” 


Dunn was taken aback and suddenly remembered that Klein 
was now a Sequence 8 Clown. Hence, he remained silent and 
backed off to a corner of the room. 


Hood Eugen turned his head and looked at Klein. He chuckled 
foolishly and replied, “I’m waiting for my cake.” 


1. This is a meme of a recalcitrant offender who often 
gets send to prison and once said in an interview that 
going to prison is like returning home. 


Chapter 185: Spiritual World 


Waiting for cake? That really wasn’t an answer that I was 
expecting... Of course, if I was able to anticipate the answer of a 
mental patient, wouldn’t that mean that I was almost there 
myself... The thought flashed through Klein’s mind. He 
maintained his relaxed smile as if he was chatting with a friend. 


“who’s going to send you a cake?” 


Hood Eugen’s expression fell instantly, his face long and 
depressed. 


“No, there’s no cake... There’s no cake! 
“you stole my cake!” 
His voice suddenly became shrill as he glared angrily at Klein. 


Without waiting for Klein to speak, he let out a shout and opened 
his mouth, revealing two rows of white teeth. 


Following which, he leaped from his mattress while salivating. 
He closed in on Klein with one step and extended his hands, 
attempting to grab onto Klein’s shoulders. He wanted to drag 
Klein towards him and bite him. 


Despite the sudden attack, Klein reacted quickly despite 
appearing a little flustered. He instantly bent his knee and 
squatted. At the same time, he tilted his body to the side and 
raised his left arm. 


Oof! 


His shoulder slammed into Hood Eugen’s abdomen, causing 
Hood’s eyes to turn white and drool to drip from his mouth. 


But Hood Eugen didn’t stop moving. He allowed the momentum 
to carry him down as he opened his arms in an attempt to pull 
Klein into a bear hug. 


Klein tilted his body to the side and rolled over, his movements 
were smooth as though he had practiced them hundreds of 
times. 


He pushed against the ground with his right hand and stood up 
with a somersault. He decided to go on the offensive and charged 
forward to restrain his opponent. 


But at that moment, Hood Eugen only stood there blankly, his 
eyes losing focus, becoming vacant and lost. 


Klein froze for a moment. He turned his head towards the corner 
of the room, only to see Dunn Smith, wearing a black trench coat 
and matching hat, with his hands clasped tightly together and 
looking down. 


The Captain has dragged Hood Eugen into a dream... Upon 
realizing this, he stopped his subsequent attack and took the 
opportunity to take out the silver ritual dagger that couldn’t 
harm anyone. He used it to create a wall of spirituality which 
sealed the ward. 


Klein then took out three candles infused with mint and placed 
them on the window in a triangular formation. One candle 


signified the Evernight Goddess, another the Mother of the 
Concealment, and the last represented himself. 


Soon after, he set up a simple altar and used his spirituality to 
ignite the candles. 


Just as he was about to warn the Captain, Dunn raised his head 
and smiled. 


“Hood Eugen’s dreams are a sea of chaos. There’s no way to guide 
it.” 


Just as he finished his sentence, a luster returned to Hood 
Eugen’s eyes. It was no longer vacant. 


Then, the insane Psychiatrist moved his waist, letting out a 
comfortable yawn. 


Klein was momentarily at a loss, so he remained quiet. He 
picked up a metal bottle containing the Amantha extract. 


He dripped the transparent liquid extracted from the night 
vanilla, Slumber flower, and chamomile into the flames of the 
candle representing himself, allowing the serene aroma to 
spread around the room. 


Hood Eugen’s nervousness, anger, and relief completely 
vanished. He languidly sat down again on the edge of his bed 
and looked out at the crimson moon outside the window in a 
daze. His eyes once again lost their focus as peace was restored. 


Klein also felt the peace that came with the night. He set the 


Amantha extract down and sat beside Hood Eugen. He wanted to 
find something to break down Hood’s last line of defense. 


Only with the removal of the last line of defense could he use the 
Eye of the Spirit medication to make Hood Eugen’s soul slip into 
a turbid state. 


After all, 'm not a professional Spirit Medium... He had already 
thought of an idea before coming. He fished out a set of tarot 
cards from his pocket. 


This set of cards only had the twenty-two Major Arcana, so it 
was easy to carry around. It was a “weapon” that Klein had 
successfully applied for. 


Each of the cards was lined with metal threads made from pure 
silver, each of them was able to kill undead beings. Their 
patterns were complicated and gorgeous, making Klein feel like 
they were a collector’s item and not used against enemies. 


Klein cut the deck with one hand and smiled at Hood Eugen. 


“Let’s play some card games.” 


“Cards?” Hood Eugen retracted his gaze from outside the window 
as he repeated the term in a daze. 


Klein didn’t answer, placing the deck of tarot cards into Hood’s 
palm with a sincerity that could not be rejected. 


Hood Eugen mimicked Klein’s actions, trying his hardest to cut 
the deck with one hand to some success. 


The attention of the mental patient was slowly drawn to the 
hard yet flexible, beautifully textured cards in his hand. He 
flipped over the first card: 


It was the picture of a man in tattered clothes with his hands 
tied. He was hanging by his leg with a faint halo at his head. 


The Hanged Man... Klein nodded in thought. He took the 
opportunity to grab the Eye of the Spirit medicine, dripping the 
amber liquid onto the candle flame—still the one representing 
himself. 


An alcoholic fragrance spread forth, inducing an intoxicated 
feeling to anyone who took a whiff of it. 


Hood Eugen spaced out bit by bit, his vision losing its focus. The 
deck of tarot cards in his hand fell onto the bed. 


But he remained sitting upright, without slumping over. 


Klein used Cogitation to fight back against the medicine’s 
dreamy effects of turning light-headed and ethereal. He took out 
another metal bottle from his pocket and twisted the cap open 
before pouring the blue liquid into his mouth. 


Serenity Agent! 


The ice-cold liquid flowed through his throat, down his gullet, 
and into his stomach. Klein instantly felt unusually awake, 
without any sense of drowsiness. 


He slowly exhaled, then familiarly took out the other essential 


oil extracts and herb powders, dripping them onto the two 
candles signifying the Evernight Goddess. 


In the faint fog, he took two steps back and solemnly murmured 
in Hermes, “I pray for the power of the dark night. 


“I pray for the power of the mystery. 


“I pray for the Goddess’s loving grace. 


“I pray that you would allow me to communicate with the 
spirituality of the Beyonder beside me, Hood Eugen.” 


The incantations reverberated around the room, and Klein saw 
the flames of the candle, now dyed black, spread outward. 


He didn’t avoid them, nor did he guard against them. He allowed 
the dark “night” to envelop him. 


In this unusually lucid state, he felt his spirit leave the 
protection of his body and enter a space akin to deep space. All 
around him was boundless, silent darkness. The sky above him 
was filled with countless indescribable, transparent figures. 
There were also streaks of different colors, lustrous splendors 
that harbored infinite knowledge. 


The spiritual world... Klein was no longer a stranger to this. 


Just as he had this thought, a foggy world appeared before him. 


It was a world enveloped by a faint tornado of light. 


Klein knew that it represented Hood Eugen’s spirit that 
represented his Body of Heart and Mind. Thus, he leaned over, 
digging into the wall that was the tornado. 


In an instant, he saw countless specks of light pelting him. He 
heard the voices of thousands of people discussing something in 
whispers. 


These murmurings were very chaotic and lacked any sense of 
logic. Some included praises for the elegance of some lady, then 
it turned into a description of the feeling of relief after using the 
toilet. Some started as a weep, then turned into frenzied joy... 


The insane thoughts latched on and gnawed at Klein’s spirit in a 
bid to assimilate him. But Klein maintained his lucidity and 
rationality, quickly flying towards Hood Eugen’s spiritual world. 


This is like a pleasant concert compared to the horrifying 
murmurings and howls I hear when entering the world above the 
gray fog... Klein smiled secretly and made his way through the 
tornado. He saw a groggy, translucent Hood Eugen. 


This Sequence 7 Psychiatrist maintained the same state as he 
was in the outside world. He looked over with a dazed 
expression. 


Klein stopped before him and asked softly, “Do you know 
Lanevus?” 


Hood Eugen replied blankly, “Yes.” 


The light around them underwent a transformation as if Hood 
Eugen was revealing his “spiritual sea.” 


Quickly, the intertwining light revealed a bespectacled average- 
looking man who wore a sarcastic smile. It was the same 
Lanevus whom Klein had seen in the arrest warrants. 


Klein nodded in satisfaction and collected himself. He asked a 
guided question, “Why did Lanevus look for you?” 


“He Said...” Hood Eugen’s voice slowly turned soft. 


Suddenly, he changed into a more charismatic voice and 
laughed a little maniacally. 


“Hood Eugen, it is the worst of times, and also the best of times. 
As long as you seize the opportunity, we can become the rulers of 
this world, we can become true immortals! 


“As long as you're willing to help, rll not only tell you the way to 
master your potion and avoid losing control, I'll also promise 
that you'll receive godhood qualities in the future—immortal 
godhood qualities! 


“you should be able to see the presence behind me. My promise 
is ‘His’ promise. In some sense, the Psychology Alchemists are 
connected to ‘Him.’ 


“Do not doubt. The Psychology Alchemists aren’t strong enough 
at the moment. It is unable to provide you with enough help 
unless youre willing to stay at this level for the rest of your life.” 


The method to grasp your potion without losing control... Why 
does this sound like how I entice others with the “acting method”... 
Lanevus sure has lofty ambitions. He’s only a Sequence 8, yet he’s 
already talking about manipulating godhood qualities... Just what 
hidden presence is backing him... This guy seems to be plotting 
something, which isn’t solely just to cheat people out of their 
money... Or could running scams just be his hobby? Klein had 
many thoughts as he listened on. When Hood Eugen stopped 
talking, he quickly pressed on, “What kind of assistance did 
Lanevus want you to provide?” 


Hood Eugen didn’t answer immediately, his spiritual world 
turned silent. 


He then broke out into laughter. He replied erratically, “Help... 
Help... Help! 


“Hahaha, I provided help! I provided help! 


“T made...” 


His words came to an abrupt halt as his blurry soul contorted. 
The light and darkness of the surroundings which represented 
the spiritual sea quickly turned incorporeal, forming a sinister, 
scary, dark altar. 


On top of the altar was a cross. There seemed to be something 
hanging on the cross, as well as things that appeared 
indiscernible piled at the bottom. 


The light and darkness alternated, and as the hanging item was 
about to become clearer, the entire spiritual world shook, as if it 
was experiencing a magnitude ten earthquake. 


Holy shit! Klein had a premonition that something dangerous 
was about to happen. Without thinking, he turned and flew 
towards the chaotic tornado of thoughts in an attempt to escape. 


Chapter 186: The Handsome Captain 


Countless rays of brilliance drowned Klein as ravings of a 
million people filled his ears. However, Klein thought nothing of 
it. His abilities as a Clown told him that his spirit was being 
engulfed by a black shadow that was rapidly expanding. 


The black shadow was a huge cross, and there seemed to be a 
person hanging upside down on it! 


Kacha! 


The chaotic tornado of thoughts unleashed its load outwards and 
turned uniform. Hood Eugen’s spiritual world disintegrated bit 
by bit. 


Klein noticed that he had exceeded his fastest flying speed from 
his previous trial; his soul had become significantly stronger 
after he briefly mixed with some of the strength from the 
mysterious space above the gray fog. 


Just as the cross’s shadow was about to engulf him entirely, he 
dashed out of the blurry “world” and felt his body. 


He familiarly stimulated a descent, and Hood Eugen’s long 
skinny face and messy blond hair instantly appeared in his 
vision, along with the three candles that were burning at the 
window ledge. 


He had managed to get out of the mediumship state in time! 


In that instant, he saw black scales growing one after another on 
Hood Eugen’s face. His vacant pupils turned into slits, becoming 
extremely cool and ruthless. 


Oh shit! He’s going to lose control! Klein’s pupils constricted, and 
before he could react, he saw a figure in a knee-length black 
trench coat and silk top hat take two huge strides before Hood 
Eugen. He then raised the revolver and pushed it against the 
man’s head. 


Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! 


Dunn Smith fired five bullets consecutively. Hood Eugen’s head 
suddenly blew up like a watermelon falling down from a high 
height. The red and white rainstorm splattered across each and 
every corner of the room. 


He had taken care of Hood Eugen before he lost control 
completely! 


Klein, who was fifty centimeters away, was covered in blood and 
dirt. He looked at Dunn Smith in a daze, only having the feeling 
that the Captain was very handsome at that moment. 


As long as you ignore his memory problems, the Captain is very 
trustworthy... He complimented sincerely from the bottom of his 
heart. 


“Did an accident happen?” Dunn put away his revolver and 
watched Hood Eugen’s mostly headless body slowly fall to the 
floor. 


Just as Klein was about to organize his words, he saw that the 


body had become a pile of bloody flesh within a few seconds and 
the asylum uniform that covered it appeared to have its most 
basic structure damaged. 


Hood Eugen’s corpse was left with very few complete items. 
There were dozens of scales twinkling with a black shimmer, 
and his heart that had turned crystalline and faint blue. 


The heart had a magical luster, like a diamond refracting 
incoming light. 


It could calm someone down or make them restless. It could 
create tension or develop chaos. But other than that, there was 
nothing notable. 


“This item should be controllable.” After Dunn holstered his 
revolver, he took out a black glove and wore it on his right hand. 
He then squatted down to pick up the crystalline heart. 


A controllable item... According to what the Captain previously 
mentioned, it could be used as the main ingredient for the formula 
of a Sequence 7 Psychiatrist... But, would it lead to the advanced 
Beyonder losing control even more easily? Klein took out his 
handkerchief to wipe the blood from his face and body. He then 
picked up his specially made tarot cards and cleaned their 
surfaces. 


He looked at the ground and asked curiously, “What kind of 
items would these black scales be considered as?” 


“These are ingredients that are contaminated with Beyonder 
power. They could be made into items that have long-lasting 
effects. For example, our demon hunting bullets’ ability to injure 
dead spirits or monsters would decrease drastically as soon as 
they pass the three months mark, leaving only a tiny portion of 


demon-hunting characteristics in the remnant materials. If the 
materials used were something like the black scales, the 
effective period would be as long as a year or two, and the effects 
would be even better. Of course, due to their characteristics, the 
black scales are obviously not suitable to be made into demon 
hunting bullets,” Dunn explained as he took a piece of paper 
from Klein to wrap the blue heart and black scales. 


“It’s just like the materials we use as supplementary ingredients 
for the potions?” Klein asked. 


Dunn stood back up and nodded slightly. 


“Yes.” 


Someone who loses control will really become a monster... Klein 
sighed. He seized the opportunity while the room was still sealed 
with a wall of spirituality and quickly described his encounter in 
Eugen’s mind. 


“When I was communicating with Hood Eugen’s spirit, I saw a 
figure like the True Creator in his mind. But it was different from 
the mainstream ones. It wasn’t the chain-bound Hanged Giant, 
nor was it the Eye behind the Shadow Curtains. Instead, it was 
similar to the one you saw in Hanass Vincent’s dream.” 


Hanass Vincent was a member of the Aurora Order. As Melissa’s 
friend, Selena, had peeked at his incantations and completed the 
magic mirror divination, it led to the Nighthawks’ investigation 
of him. 


Dunn Smith saw something close to the True Creator in his 
dream, but it was a different image than the mainstream image 
that was widely circulated. In the end, the result was an injury 
and a strange death. 


When Hood Eugen flipped over the tarot card of The Hanged 
Man, Klein had actually already expected it. But he never 
thought it would be presented in such a way. Of course, it was 
only indirect contact. It wouldn’t be comparable to the time he 
had spied on the Eternal Blazing Sun directly. The worst outcome 
was just mild injury or mild corruption. 


As he listened to Klein’s description, Dunn’s expression became 
solemn. 


He knitted his eyebrows and said with a deep voice, “A huge 
cross, black nails, a naked man covered in blood hanging upside 
down?” 


“I didn’t see it clearly. That’s also the reason why I’m not injured. 
I only noticed a huge cross and figure similar to a man being 
hung upside down,” Klein replied tactfully. 


At that moment, all he cared about was “fleeing”... 


Seemingly in thought, Dunn nodded and said, “Lanevus’s visit to 
Hood Eugen was related to the True Creator? So the Aurora Order 
is involved?” 


Klein quickly repeated the conversation he’d had during the 
communication. 


“Lanevus tempted Hood Eugen with the ‘acting method,’ and a 
so-called immortal godhood. But I don’t understand why he said 
that it was the worst of times, and also the best of times. 
Perhaps it was just the way he speaks as a Swindler? 


“..The help Hood Eugen provided involved a sinister and dark 


altar... I suspect that Lanevus is plotting something terrifying...” 


Then, his heart stirred as he spoke. 


“Captain, do you remember the letter written to Mr. Z? The letter 
that the member from the Aurora Order whom I killed carried! 


“He mentioned in the letter that he was waiting for an 
appropriate opportunity, something about the arrival of the end 
of days, he will offer all the lambs in Tingen to his so-called God. 
Would this be related to Lanevus’s plot? 


“Could Lanevus be the Mr. Z from the Aurora Order?” 


Dunn Smith thought carefully and said, “I don’t think so. 
Lanevus couldn’t be Mr. Z. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be setting up a 
fake steelworks company to scam people while the Aurora Order 
was up to something. It would introduce too many variables in 
his main mission. If anything went wrong with the scam, he 
would draw the attention of the police and us. He would have to 
run away from Tingen and abandon his plan. 


“Of course, if he was just insane, it would be perfectly normal for 
him to act illogically. 


“But judging from the scam he set up, the calmness and 
cunningness with which he swept away the money doesn’t 
make him look like a real lunatic. 


“So, I don’t think he’s Mr. Z from the Aurora Order. Of course, he 
might really be involved in the matter as mentioned in the 
letter. The one offering all the lambs in Tingen to the so-called 
God.” 


Upon saying that, Dunn paused, then paced back and forth as he 
said, “This incident might have quite severe repercussions. We 
have to reinvestigate Lanevus and get some clues. Hmm, let’s 
clean up the scene and cover up any evidence here. Let everyone 
know that Hood Eugen died but leave no clue as to who killed 
him. This should lead to action by the Psychology Alchemists or 
other Beyonders that are paying attention to the asylum. They 
might know something. 


“The Lanevus scam is either still in the hands of the police 
department or transferred to the Mandated Punishers. We'll join 
the investigations by saying that we obtained clues while 
investigating the Aurora Order. Then, we'll work together with 
the Mandated Punishers and the Machinery Hivemind. We'll 
concentrate the forces in Tingen and investigate everything and 
anyone associated with Lanevus. We can request assistance from 
Backlund diocese and the Holy Cathedral if it’s necessary!” 


After that, Dunn turned his head sideways to look at Klein. He 
ruminated and said, “Do you have anything that you'd like to 
add?” 


Captain, you basically said it all... Klein shook his head 
solemnly. “No!” 


He hurriedly used ritualistic magic to remove some of the 
necessary traces with the aid of the simple altar that he had yet 
to clear in order to ensure that no one would be able to tell that 
they were the ones who killed Hood Eugen. 


Then, he put away his ingredients, blew out the candles, 
removed the wall of spirituality, and left the ward in silence 
with Dunn Smith. They left the asylum by climbing over its 
walls. 


“Go back and rest.” Dunn stood at a corner without a street lamp. 


He pressed his black silk hat and said, “there are many things 
that can only be done tomorrow.” 


“Alright.” Klein wasn’t a Sleepless who only slept two to three 
hours a day. He immediately bade farewell to the Captain and 
took the Nighthawks’ dedicated carriage that was waiting nearby 
and returned to Daffodil Street. 


Before he entered the carriage, he turned back to take a glance. 
He saw the Captain still standing in the dark which even the 
moonlight couldn’t touch. He appeared to be thinking in silence. 


The streets were quiet and void of people before dawn. The 
carriage tore through the streets, sometimes going straight, 
sometimes taking turns. 


Klein was pondering about Lanevus when suddenly, he felt as if 
he was in a trance. 


He saw that the color before his eyes become saturated. The reds 
became redder and the blacks became blacker, just like an 
impressionist’s oil painting. 


The surroundings slowed down, and the carriage seemed to 
enter a strange world. 


Klein grabbed his Flaring Sun Charm and drew his revolver. 


Just then, a huge, white, bony palm extended through the 
carriage window and threw in a neatly folded letter. 


Then, the palm pulled back and vanished. The oil painting-like 


scene suddenly returned to normal while the carriage was still 
driving along the street steadily. 


..It’s a really well-hidden method... Klein looked at the letter, by 
the side of his foot, as the corner of his lips twitched. 


Chapter 187: Azik’s Warning 


The actions of the messenger shocked Klein for a full five 
seconds before he recovered. He bent over and picked up the 
letter. 


“Even if Mr. Azik is unable to use a good portion of his abilities as 
a Beyonder, because of his memory loss, being able to send out 
such a messenger should make him powerful enough to deal with 
a Sequence 7 or 6 Beyonder.” His heart reflected his shocked and 
envious expression. He didn’t unfold the letter immediately. 
Instead, he placed the letter into his pocket, together with the 
Slumber Charms. 


The carriage continued forward. When Klein exited the carriage 
at Daffodil Street, he instinctively looked at the driver, Cesare, 
only to see his relaxed smile, as if he hadn’t noticed anything 
unusual that had happened. 


Klein nodded and returned home after observing Cesare with his 
Spirit Vision. 


He looked at the balcony and pipes on the second floor and 
pondered for a few seconds. He decided to maintain his 
gentlemanly behavior and not attempt to scale the pipe back into 
his room. As for his stained clothes, he would take them to the 
Blackthorn Security Company tomorrow and get a professional 
to wash them through the police department. That would 
prevent his clothes from shocking his maid Bella and his sister 
Melissa. 


Klein had removed the reverse lock on the front door before he 
leaped out the window from the second floor. Now, he took 
advantage of the fact that it was late at night and quietly opened 


the door to his house, deftly making his way in. 


After closing and locking the main door, he heaved a sigh of 
relief. He went up to the second floor with hushed footsteps. 


Stopping before his locked bedroom, Klein took out a tarot card 
calmly. He inserted it into the slit of the door and lightly pulled, 
easily breaking the specialized lock he designed himself. 


He then entered the room, locked the door, and removed his 
clothes, before he fully relaxed. 


It sure feels like being a thief... Klein laughed as he shook his 
head. He calmly took out his revolver and placed it under the 
pillow. 


After he was finished with all of that, he lit up the gas lamp and 
sat in front of his desk. He took out the letter and began reading 
seriously. 


“lm sorry for replying only now. I’ve been busy searching for 
traces of my past. I’ve also been meeting up with former teachers 
and students and those drag on late into the night. 


“I finally understand the encounters that I’ve had over the past 
two days after reading your letter. The police searched every 
room in the hotel that [m staying at. There was a person who 
secretly snooped around in the hotel at night. Yes, ’m talking 
about a person with Beyonder powers. 


“..SO Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos, who’s a_ frequent 
character in novels and newspapers, has infiltrated Backlund 
and has gone on quite a killing spree. I remember that he’s not 


only wanted by the Loen Kingdom, he’s also on the bounty list of 
the Feysac Empire, the Intis Republic, the Feynapotter 
Kingdom...” 


So, how much is the bounty? Klein subconsciously wondered. 


He didn’t get an answer because Azik had switched to 
mentioning something else. 


“I find the abilities of a Shepherd that you described quite 
familiar, it’s as if 've seen it somewhere, but I cannot remember 
where. It must be an encounter from one of my past lives. Not 
being able to recall it makes me very frustrated.” 


Eh, Mr. Azik is a little interested in the Shepherd. I can use this to 
get him to help me. Yes, this sure is coincidental... No, this is not a 
coincidence, but inevitable! 


It can be inferred that Mr. Azik has lived for over a thousand years 
and is most likely a High-Sequence Beyonder. Then, he would 
most likely have encountered the powers of many different 
Beyonders in his earlier lives. He would also have deeper 
impressions of those that were more unique... In other words, it 
isn’t only the Shepherd that would give him feelings of familiarity, 
but jobs such as the Unshadowed, Demon Hunter, or Guardian 
that would do so as well... 


It’s highly likely that Mr. Azik would find any mystical item that 
corresponds to a particular Sequence’s abilities familiar and have 
his interest piqued. That’s something that can be imagined... 


Klein was doubtful at first before being enlightened. He was a lot 
more certain as a result. 


He shifted his gaze and continued to read the letter. 


“Ive long recalled some parts of the sacrificial ritual you asked 
about, probably because I have a deeper impression of them. 
Perhaps I was a priest in my one of my more recent lifetimes. 


“I have to remind you and warn you, that you have to be very 
cautious when using sacrificial rituals. You cannot entrust your 
safety to evil gods or hidden, mysterious existences. They do not 
have consciences like we do. 


“Also, you have to possess a strong sense of right and wrong, for 
the evil gods and devils often create seemingly harmless 
identities for themselves. My opinion is that you cannot sacrifice 
something whose presence you are not fully aware of; otherwise, 
your soul could end up being the sacrificial item.” 


In simple terms, evil gods and devils will take on another form, 
disguising themselves as someone trustworthy... Just like on the 
Internet, an account that claims to be a seemingly adorable chick 
might be controlled by a huge bloke... He had to be cautious even if 
they were to meet offline after confirming the person’s looks, as 
the person might just be cross-dresser... Klein didn’t disregard 
Azik’s warning just because he was conducting the sacrificial 
ritual for himself. He nodded in approval. 


After Azik emphasized a few things he had to look out for, he 
quickly explained the sacrificial ritual he knew of. 


“First, set up the ritual. Choose the symbols based on which deity 
or unorthodox mysterious existence you are going to offer a 
sacrifice to. Use the corresponding herbs and minerals of ‘His’ or 
‘Her’ domain. Of course, you can also make them into holy oils, 
ointments, scents, and other items in advance.” 


Symbols? Klein froze for a moment. He realized that he—The 
Fool that didn’t belong to this era—didn’t know what his 
corresponding symbol was... 


He thought for a moment, quickly recalling the complex symbol 
on the back of his chair at the ancient bronze table. It was made 
up of a Pupil-less Eye which represented concealment, and the 
partial Contorted Lines which represented change. 


That should be my symbol, or more accurately, that is what 
symbolizes me in the world above the gray fog. My domain is 
much simpler then—concealment, change, good luck... But I 
cannot be too sure of that, so I'll have to try it out... Even if the 
symbol is wrong, as long as I get my honorary name right, the 
target of the sacrifice wouldn’t point towards some other entity. 
The worst thing that could happen is that the ritual would fail. Of 
that, I’m certain... Klein thought as he rubbed the surface of the 
paper as he formulated a plan in his heart. 


His eyes focused on the letter once again, reading the rest of the 
letter. 


“Second, you need to be clear if the sacrifice needs to happen at a 
specific time. Then, follow the processes of a normal ritual, until 
you finish reciting the honorific names and incantations of the 
ritual. 


“You must remember to use either Jotun, Dragonese, Elvish, or 
ancient Hermes. You must use the natural powers in these 
languages to establish a direct connection with the 
corresponding entity. You can design the exact incantations to 
use, but it must include these critical terms: ‘pray,’ ‘notice,’ 
‘offer, ‘kingdom, ‘gates,’ and ‘open.’ 


“Finally, you must use materials that have a certain spirituality 
quality to create a connection with the natural powers of the 


incantation. This will allow you to construct a tunnel that 
connects to the gates of the kingdom where the corresponding 
entity resides. If the entity is interested, then your sacrifice is 
complete. 


“This step isn’t absolutely necessary. If you can make the 
corresponding entity very interested in your sacrifice, then ‘He’ 
will open the gates to ‘His’ kingdom for you after you finish 
reciting the incantations, establishing a stable tunnel on ‘His’ 
own accord. Of course, this would often imply danger as the 
orthodox result as relatively friendly hidden gods rarely do this. 
Only evil gods or devils would reply to you directly in order to 
achieve their goals.” 


Materials that have spirituality are not cheap... I wonder if merely 
reciting the incantations would allow me to open a sacrificial 
tunnel similar to the Door of Summoning? I wonder if I could 
make use of the abilities of the world above the gray fog... Yes, I'll 
try that first and only get the materials with spirituality from the 
underground market if I fail. Do I need Beyonder ingredients? It 
should be fine if it possesses a certain amount of spirituality, 
right? Klein thought about the 300 pounds lying around in his 
anonymous account. He also thought about the 10 plus pounds of 
savings that he had saved up. 


Beyonder materials were not completely identical to materials 
that possessed spirituality. For example, the heart that Hood 
Eugen left behind was a Beyonder ingredient while the black 
scales were a material possessing certain amounts of 
Spirituality. 


After he finished reading Mr. Azik’s letter, Klein rubbed his 
fingers together and ignited a flame of spirituality. He burned 
the paper to ash and threw it into the rubbish bin. 


It was already deep into the night and Klein was in no hurry to 
try the ritual. He intended to first make a plan and go through 


everything that he needed to take note of before putting it into 
practice. 


He had a vague understanding of his shortcomings long ago. He 
was cautious and rational when it came to things he made plans 
for, but once the events deviated from his original plans, he 
would easily consider only the good and disregard the bad when 
he was forced to be on his toes. 


A simpler description would be that a rash action of his would 
easily cause him to court death... Klein extended his palm to 
cover his face. 


The next day, Dunn Smith, who had communicated with the 
Mandated Punishers and Machinery Hivemind, started to assign 
missions. Klein also received his assignment. He was tasked to 
investigate a number of people who had connections to Lanevus. 
But because of his suggestion and the policy of the Nighthawks, 
he didn’t have to be responsible for the people he had met 
previously. 


Of course, Klein continued with his combat lessons in the 
afternoon. Nor did Dunn assign him the role of lead investigator. 


Backlund, Hillston Backlund. In a building with a horse stable 
and garden. 


Qilangos, who had a unique wide chin and dark green eyes, 
looked at the unconscious man before him. He took off the 
man’s clothes and wore them. 


He then leisurely walked in front of the dressing mirror and saw 
the black glove on his left hand twitch. He saw many Contorted 
Lines appearing on its back. 


A few seconds later, Qilangos saw a thin veil of light envelop his 
figure. His muscles, skin, and bones began undergoing a strange 
transformation. 


Sometime later, he transformed into the unconscious man, 
completely identical in height, appearance, and demeanor! 


Chapter 188: Ball 


Sharp nose, thin eyebrows, slightly droopy cheeks, faint blue 
eyes... Qilangos examined himself in the mirror. He was certain 
that he looked no different from the unconscious man. 


After he rehearsed a few of the man’s gestures, he bent down to 
drag the man off the ground and shoved him into a wardrobe. 


Then, he extended his right hand. With an audible snap, he 
broke the man’s neck. 


Qilangos took out his handkerchief and wiped his hands before 
closing the wardrobe door. 


He slowly walked back to the mirror, wore a black double- 
breasted frock coat, tied a bowtie, and raised a bottle of amber- 
colored cologne. He dripped a few drops on his wrist, then 
dabbed them over himself. 


Qilangos tidied his hair in front of the mirror, then walked out of 
the room. He clasped his hands and told his butler who was 
waiting outside, “Don’t let anyone enter my room; I’m keeping 
something very important in there.” 


“yes, Baron!” The balding butler pressed his hand against his 
chest and bowed. “Your carriage and personal servant is waiting 
downstairs. Duke Negan’s invitation card is there as well.” 


Maintaining the baron’s mannerisms, Qilangos nodded 
indiscernibly. He walked towards the stairs in an arrogant 
manner under the company of his butler. 


Heh, a baron who is riddled in debt, to the point of not wanting to 
hire a normal security guard, has actually maintained his hiring 
of a butler, a valet, two footmen, two parlor-maids, four 
chambermaids, two laundresses, one carriage driver, one 
coachman, one gardener, one chef, and one sous chef. To these 
foolish nobles, dignity really is everything... I even had to waste 
some of my time to learn the strange pronunciations and so- 
called “noble slang”... Qilangos thought to himself in disdain. 


Backlund, Cherwood Borough. In a particular cramped 
apartment. 


Xio Derecha sat cross-legged on a bed and looked at Fors Wall 
who was reading a novel with the light from the window. 


“This is so disappointing. Qilangos didn’t leave any clues behind. 
We still haven’t figured out what he’s trying to do in Backlund.” 


They had acted according to their initial plan and lodged a police 
report. Then, they secretly sent a letter to the local police station 
and described the strange situation at the crime scene in detail. 
They also mentioned that the suspect could be Qilangos. 


The police station responded as they had predicted. The 
policemen were very careful, and they transferred the case 
directly to the Mandated Punishers. 


After a day’s time, the news that Vice Admiral Hurricane had 
sneaked into Backlund was widely spread among. all 
“enforcement teams.” Xio and Fors also left the place they 
originally rented and hid to investigate in secret. 


They didn’t want to be brought back to the police station to help 
with the official investigation. The Mandated Punishers, 
Nighthawks, and Machinery Hivemind were all hostile towards 
non-official Beyonders. The Churches viewed them as potential 
criminals. 


Hence, not only were Xio and Fors avoiding the possibility of 
Qilangos’s pursuit, but they were also hiding from the 
“enforcement” authorities. 


“If we could discover his purpose so easily, Qilangos would’ve 
been buried in a cemetery long ago, and the tombstone would be 
covered in weeds,” Fors replied casually. “We need to wait 
patiently. As long as the authorities continue to take this much 
interest in him, Qilangos will definitely make a mistake. I’ve got 
to say, I'm quite envious of a mystical item that can allow one to 
change appearances.” 


Xio hugged her knees and looked out the window. 


“lm just worried that Qilangos will take action soon and then 
flee from Backlund before anyone can respond. 


“If that happens, I don’t know when I'l be able to advance to 
Sequence 8, let alone Sequence 6 or Sequence 5...” 


She paused and muttered as her mind spaced out, “I don’t know 
when Ill be able to take back the things that belonged to our 
family... Its been almost a year since I last saw my younger 
brother...” 


Fors gave her a comforting smile. 


“When you fulfill your wishes, please allow me to write your 
experiences into a story. It would definitely be an interesting and 
exciting one.” 


“Hmm, I actually find Miss Audrey very generous. Even if 
Qilangos escapes, I think she'll still reward us handsomely. 
We've been busying ourselves for so long after all, and weve 
even caused Qilangos to appear.” 


“I hope so... Sigh, why can’t I have any fortuitous encounters?” 
Xio grabbed her shoulder-length blonde hair. 


Fors frowned and said, “In the Beyonder world, fortuitous 
encounters are usually accompanied with danger. I have yet to 
figure out what the ravings I hear during the full moon mean, or 
if they will result in negative changes. Heh heh, fortuitous 
encounters without dangers may exist, but they are very, very 
rare. It’s difficult for your wish to be fulfilled, unless... unless we 
receive the favors from an orthodox deity or the attention of 
some friendly hidden existence. However, it would be hard for us 
to tell if it was really an evil god or devil in disguise.” 


Xio sat straight and drew a crimson moon on her chest. 


“May the Goddess watch over me!” 


Duke Negan was in his mansion located in Backlund, Empress 
Borough, where he was hosting a grand ball. 


There were two parts of the mansion. One was the dancing hall 
located on the ground floor, which was covered with glamorous 


stone slabs carved with complicated patterns. There was the 
duke’s excellent ensemble playing music in a corner. Up the 
stairs, there was a winding corridor that circled the hall located 
on the second floor. The guests were holding their glasses, 
leaning against the railing, overlooking the people dancing on 
the ground floor as though they were enjoying a fencing match 
from the stands. Occasionally, a gentleman would walk before a 
lady or his wife to invite them to dance. If the invitation was 
accepted, both of them would walk down the stairs hand in 
hand and enter the hall. 


On the far side of the corridor, there were doors after doors. They 
were rooms that had been allocated to the guests as their resting 
quarters. 


But behind a French door was a corridor, and on both sides of the 
corridor were various gypsum statues. They were all the 
ancestors of the Negan family. 


At the end of the corridor was another hall which could see the 
ball. Long tables were covered with a variety of delicious food 
and fine wine, and another ensemble belonging to the duke was 
playing relaxing melodies for the guests. 


In the hall, the guests were gathering in groups. Some were 
seated and some stood around, chatting about all kinds of 
matters. Those who wished to get away from the frivolities for a 
while would go to the attached balconies to overlook the garden 
and enjoy the crimson moon in the sky. 


After participating in the opening dance, Audrey Hall stood on 
the second floor above the dancing hall and stared at the candles 
on the huge crystal chandeliers hanging from the rooftop in a 
daze. However, she noticed that many young men were 
appearing to pump themselves up to come over and invite her 
for a dance. So, she wisely left the place and went to the corridor 
that connected to the dining hall. 


How boring, but my attendance is necessary... Sigh, can’t they 
just let me observe in silence? I have to say, some people have rich 
facial expressions when they dance. They remind me of animals 
seeking mates... Audrey lowered her head, looked at the tips of 
her feet, and walked in a straight line out of boredom. 


Just then, the corner of her eyes caught an approaching figure. 
She slowed down, stood straight, and instantly became the 
elegant yet quiet Miss Hall. 


“Good day, Baron Gramir,” Audrey greeted with a flawless smile 
and etiquette. 


Baron Gramir had thin eyebrows and faint blue eyes. He smiled 
and bowed. 


“Nice to meet you again, Miss Hall. You are the brightest and 
most dazzling jewel at this ball.” 


After exchanging a few words, Baron Gramir headed for the 
dancing hall while Audrey continued approaching the dining 
hall. 


After a few steps, she suddenly frowned. There was puzzlement 
in her green eyes. 


Baron Gramir isn’t the same as before... 


In the past, when he sees a pretty lady or madam of a higher rank 
than he is, and one that’s relatively prettier, he would look to the 
side without looking at them directly. Then, he would steal glances 
constantly... But today, he appears very confident... 


Also, his cologne smells off. In the numerous parties in the past, 
his body would emit the final note of the Amber cologne fragrance, 
musky yet faint, not ostentatious yet elegant. In other words, he 
would spray the cologne a few hours earlier to let the front and 
middle notes disperse before the gathering. But just now, his 
cologne was Amber in middle note, rich and refined... 


Audrey slowed down her footsteps. As a Spectator who had 
completely digested her potion, her sensitivity towards details 
wasn't anything other Beyonders could compare to. 


Suddenly, she thought of a possibility. Her green crystal-clear 
eyes froze. 


It couldn’t be Qilangos in a disguise, right? 


The Creeping Hunger has the power to change a_person’s 
appearance! 


The more Audrey thought about it, the more possible it seemed. 
She felt uptight as she turned nervous and panicky. 


If he really was Vice Admiral Hurricane, what is he trying to do? 
It’s a pity that I can’t bring Susie to the ball. Otherwise, I could ask 
her to observe Baron Gramir... No way, I have to warn Father! 
Amidst her frantic thoughts, Audrey quickened her pace and 
entered the dining hall. She found Earl Hall who was talking to 
the Chief Cabinet Secretary and others. 


She flashed a flawless smile and walked over. She held Ear! Hall 
by his arm and told the others, “Gentlemen, do you mind if I 


borrow Earl Hall for a few minutes?” 


“Beautiful lady, it’s your right,” The few gentlemen said in a 
friendly response. 


Audrey held Earl Hall by his arm and moved to the nearest 
balcony. They found a quiet, uninhabited corner, and she said to 
her middle-aged father who was getting plump, “Father, I have 
something to tell you.” 


Earl Hall was smiling fondly at his daughter, but he got serious 
when he saw her serious facial expression, “What’s the matter?” 


“I ran into Baron Gramir earlier, but there are things about him 
that are different from the past. For instance, his cologne was in 
the middle note of the Amber fragrance. It used to be the end 
note. And...” Audrey continued with the things that she found 
different. It could be explained as being sensitive and 
meticulous. 


After she described what she had noticed, she weighed her words 
and added, “I heard from Viscount Glaint that Vice Admiral 
Hurricane Qilangos has the ability to take on other people’s 
appearance. Hasn't he been in Backlund recently?” 


Earl Hall listened to her carefully, and his face grew abnormally 
grave. 


But he soon flashed a smile and comforted his anxious daughter. 


“Tll take care of this. Go look for your mother and stay with her. 
She’s at the lounge in this hall.” 


“Okay.” Audrey nodded obediently. 


On the way back to the lounge, she turned around and looked at 
her father. She saw that Earl Hall was talking to another noble 
softly, and he wore a rather solemn look. 


Audrey couldn’t help but feel anxious. She felt that she needed to 
do something to make sure that her father, mother, and brother 
didn’t get hurt. 


She surveyed the area and changed the direction in which she 
was heading in. She left the dining hall and found Duke Negan’s 
small prayer room. 


She pushed the door closed and locked it behind her. She looked 
at the symbol of the Lord of Storms before her and 
subconsciously found a remote and dark corner. 


Audrey sat down with her body leaning forward. She clasped her 
hands together into a praying position and supported her 
forehead. 


Then, she recited softly in Hermes, “The Fool that doesn’t belong 
to this era, you are the mysterious ruler above the gray fog; you 
are the King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck.” 


Chapter 189: Prayers and Replies 


Tingen City, Daffodil Street. 


Klein was discussing the latest play with Benson and Melissa 
and was inviting them to watch it at the theater next weekend. 


“I think the newspapers have said enough about it. ‘The Return 
of the Count’ is definitely a play that’s worth watching. It’s 
already been performed more than ten times in Backlund, and it 
sold out each time. I think that we shouldn’t miss this 
opportunity.” Klein, who had lacked sources of entertainment, 
was unwilling to give up. After all, he had been an ardent 
follower of television shows back on Earth. 


Of course, if it wasn’t for the maintenance of my image, I’d rather 
go to a bar and play billiards... Yes, renting a venue for tennis 
isn’t a bad choice. That can be considered as it’s a leisure sport for 
the middle class. With my current fitness, as long as I don’t 
encounter other Beyonders, I should be able to handle most 
opponents easily... Forget it, it can only be a passing thought for 
now. I still have to reinvestigate the figures associated with 
Lanevus in the morning, go for combat training in the afternoon, 
and search for the house with the red chimney in the evening 
before returning home... 


I sure am a busy man... Klein tried to remain optimistic. 


Noticing that Benson was inclined towards his suggestion while 
Melissa was still a little hesitant, Klein smiled as he added, “I 
heard that the most popular supporting cast in ‘The Return of the 
Count’ is a genius mechanic.” 


“Alright, we do have to see a play at a large theater once in our 
lives.” Melissa pouted and nodded her head grudgingly, but there 
was now a Sparkle in her eyes. 


Klein was about to respond when he heard a buzzing in his ears. 
He became dizzy for a few seconds. 


Someone is praying to me... He supported his back with his right 
hand and chuckled. 


“Then I shall wait patiently for the tickets to go on sale.” 


“Alright, Pll be returning to my bedroom to write up a report.” 


“We also have to plunge into the sea of knowledge and hope that 
we don’t drown.” Benson let out a self-deprecating laugh as he 
returned to the dining room with Melissa. 


Klein went to the second floor and locked the door to his room. 
He sealed the room with a wall of spirituality, then he took four 
steps counterclockwise as he recited the incantations, returning 
to the world above the gray fog. 


His figure suddenly appeared at the seat of honor in the 
magnificent palace fit for a giant. A pulsing crimson star 
reflected in his eyes. 


Klein lifted his right hand and extended his spirituality, 
establishing a connection with the star representing Justice. 


With a boom, he saw a blurred, distorted image. He saw Miss 
Justice in a long beige regal dress sitting on a chair in a dark 


corner. Her head was bowed, her hands clasped. 


At the same time, her still nascent and nervous voice stacked in 
an illusory manner, reverberating around the space, “The Fool 
that doesn’t belong to this era, 


“you are the mysterious ruler above the gray fog; 


“you are the King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck. 


“I pray for your attention. 


“I pray for you to listen.” 


“Tm ata ball held by Duke Negan and encountered someone 
who’s suspected to be Qilangos. 


“He is disguising himself as Baron Gramir, and his motives are 
unclear. 


“I noticed today that some of the details regarding Baron Gramir 
were a little different than usual. This made me recall the 
appearance-altering Beyonder power that Qilangos’s mystical 
item has.” 


Klein listened seriously and carefully interpreted what was 
happening. Finally, he understood what Miss Justice was 
describing. 


Qilangos has actually used the special powers of Creeping Hunger 
to infiltrate Duke Negan’s ball! 


But Qilangos probably didn’t expect that one of the ladies at the 
ball is a Spectator, a Spectator who has committed the 
mannerisms of Baron Gramir to memory! Hence, he doesn’t 
realize that he’s been exposed! 


What does Qilangos want? And what should I do? I’ve tried 
conducting the sacrificial ritual without spirituality-infused 
materials over the past two days and realized that I can create 
something like the Door of Summoning, but I’m unable to open it. 
I was going to find some time to purchase some materials with 
spirituality in the underground market to prepare for my second 
experiment. Miss Justice definitely wouldn’t have spirituality- 
infused materials when she’s attending a ball... Klein thought for 
more than ten seconds before beginning his response to Justice’s 
prayer. 


In a small prayer room in Duke Negan’s mansion. 


Audrey repeated her prayers a few times before finally stopping. 
She tidied her clothes and walked quickly to the door. 


She knew that she couldn’t be gone for too long because her 
parents would worry about her and thus misjudge the situation. 
It would cause them to react in the wrong way. 


Standing behind the door, Audrey took a deep breath, extended 
her right hand which was covered in a white veiled glove, and 
released the lock with a wary heart. 


After leaving the small prayer room, she followed the path back 
to the dining hall. She saw the figures holding wine glasses and 
plates get closer when her vision suddenly turned blurry. She 
realized that an illusory fog was spreading into the 
surroundings. 


In the middle of the thick wide fog was an ancient chair, and 
atop the chair was a mysterious presence, a mysterious presence 
that seemed to overlook everything. 


Mr. Fool! Audrey almost shouted in pleasant surprise. 


She then heard a deep, familiar voice: “I’m aware.” 


The voice reverberated around the space as the fog vanished. 
Audrey’s vision was still filled with images of the long tables of 
food and wine, as well as the bustling sights of interacting 
guests. 


The worry and unease in her heart vanished as_ she 
subconsciously straightened her back and entered the dining 
hall with light steps. She walked toward the recreation room in 
the dining hall. 


In the magnificent palace above the fog. 


Klein started to think about how to convey the message to The 
Hanged Man after finishing his reply to Miss Justice. 


I cannot just repeat the description to him since it undermines my 
authority... After all, what mysterious existence would personally 
take on the role of a messenger!? He deliberated for nearly a 
minute before an idea came to him. He conjured the scene of 
Miss Justice praying and transformed it into something akin to 
a movie scene with the faces mosaicked and censored. 


He then extended his hand and tapped, launching the scene into 
the crimson star representing The Hanged Man. 


Backlund, Cherwood Borough. At the Holy Wind Cathedral. 


The Hanged Man, Alger Wilson, was going through the 
investigation reports in a simple room, trying to find traces of 
Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos. 


Near his right hand was a stack of paper filled with many 
contorted symbols. 


Just as Alger was leaning back in his chair and rubbing his eyes, 
he saw his field of vision turn blurry. His line of sight was filled 
with thick, gray fog. 


There was an ancient chair which seemed to exist eternally, 
deep within the endless fog. Atop the chair was a faint human 
figure. 


Mr. Fool... Just as this thought came to Alger, he saw that 
another hazy figure in a regal dress within the grayish-white 
fog. 


She was in a praying position, repeating, “I’m at a ball held by 
Duke Negan and encountered someone who’s suspected to be 
Qilangos. 


“He is disguising himself as Baron Gramir, and his motives are 
unclear. 


“I noticed today that some of the details regarding Baron Gramir 
were a little different than usual. This made me recall the 
appearance-altering Beyonder power that Qilangos’s mystical 
item has.” 


Alger was shocked at first, then let out a look of pleasant 
surprise. He pressed his palm against his chest and lowered his 
head, “Praise you, Mr. Fool!” 


Everything he saw or heard vanished before he finished his 
sentence as if nothing had happened. 


Staring at the desk strewn with Emperor Roselle’s diary pages 
and his investigation reports, Alger’s pupils constricted as he 
realized how powerful The Fool was once again. 


This was the Holy Wind Cathedral—once the headquarters of the 
Church of Storms. Even though that was history from more than 
a thousand years ago, many believers still viewed this place as 
sacred. But Mr. Fool could still descend upon this space without 


warning and give a reply... 


After nearly twenty seconds of silence, Alger gathered his stuff 
and exited the room. 


He was going to look for one of the Cardinals of the Church of 
Storms, the Archbishop of the Backlund diocese, Spellsinger of 
God, Ace Snake! 


For Alger Wilson, being able to kill Vice Admiral Hurricane 
Qilangos personally was the best course of action, but if he was 
unable to do that, guaranteeing that he was really dead was also 
acceptable in his book! 


After forwarding Miss Justice’s description to The Hanged Man, 
Klein left the mysterious world above the gray fog and returned 
to his bedroom. 


While he was in no hurry to dispel the wall of spirituality, he sat 
before his desk and took out a piece of paper. He picked up a pen 
and began his letter. 


“According to an urgent indication from a source, Qilangos has 
used the abilities of a Shepherd to take on the appearance of 
Baron Gramir and has infiltrated Duke Negan’s ball. His motives 
are unclear as of this moment.” 


Klein wasn’t worried that Mr. Azik would be suspicious of him or 
doubt why someone in Tingen would be so quick to know 
something that just happened in Backlund, for the telegraph 
existed in this world. 


“I don’t know if you would be interested in this, but I thought 
that I should let you know.” Klein quickly ended the letter and 
folded the piece of paper. 


He then found the ancient copper whistle, brought it to his 
mouth, and gave it a hard blow. 


The gigantic, terrifying, and illusory skeleton messenger 
appeared once again, still standing at its original spot, not 
minding that its head was going through the ceiling. 


Klein fought back the urge to use the abilities of the Clown to 
turn the letter into a flying dagger. He tossed the letter towards 
the messenger without a fuss. 


He then blew on the copper whistle once again to end the 
summoning. Klein collected himself and went through the 
events in his head once again. 


This was all he could do for the time being! 


Although Klein could also make use of the summoning ritual 
and bring the Flaring Sun Charm directly to Backlund, it was too 
dangerous for him to do so. First, Qilangos was a Sequence 6 
Wind-blessed and had with him the Creeping Hunger. Second, it 
was too troublesome. He had to first bring the Flaring Sun 
Charm to the world above the gray fog. Third, his image would 
be affected. Thus, he wisely gave up on this idea. 


To be honest, the problem is not too serious. Duke Negan is the 
most influential noble outside of the royal family, a key member 
behind the Conservative Party. There will be many high ranking 
nobles attending the ball today. I have no doubt that there are 
Beyonders guarding the area. If not for this consideration, there 
would have been no need for him to infiltrate the place under a 


disguise... Since Miss Justice noticed him early, the nobles should 
be prepared. This incident shouldn’t blow out of control... 


I wonder how fast Mr. Azik’s messenger is? If it travels through the 
spirit world, Mr. Azik could still likely make it in time for the 
“main course,” but if it’s as slow as Madam Daly’s messenger, 
then he might only read about the incident in tomorrow’s papev... 


Klein nodded indiscernibly and tossed this incident to the back 
of his head. After all, there was nothing more that he could do. 


Chapter 190: The Assortment of Ahilities 


In Duke Negan’s mansion, in the dancing hall. 


Disguised as Baron Gramir, Qilangos held a glass of blood-red 
Aurmir grape wine and casually stood behind the railing on the 
winding corridor on the second floor. He overlooked the people 
on the dance floor and enjoyed the view of the glamorously 
dressed ladies. 


However, there was no lust in his eyes; they were as calm as a 
frozen lake. From the corner of his eyes, he stole glances at the 
hanging chandelier and the nearby Duke Negan who was 
looking at the beautiful figures passing by. 


The Duke was wearing a well-ironed navy uniform with red 
ribbons attached to the medals on his shoulders. He preferred to 
wear his military uniform on formal occasions, in remembrance 
of his decades of illustrious service while in the military. 


However, he had put on much weight since then. His once-sharp 
gray eyes had been left turbid and filled with desire. However, he 
took good care of himself, as the wrinkles at the corners of his 
eyes, lips, and forehead were faint, and his black hair was still 
thick and luxuriant. 


That was Pallas Negan, the current Duke Negan, the main 
supporter of the Conservative Party, the brother of Prime 
Minister Aguesid, one of the richest and most powerful men in 
the Loen Kingdom. 


At the same time, he was also the reason why Qilangos had 
sneaked into Backlund! 


The thought of assassinating such an important figure makes me 
shiver in excitement... Qilangos retracted his gaze and closed his 
eyes. 


He was willing to accept the commission because he had been 
offered a sufficiently attractive price, and it was also because 
Qilangos loved adventure and enjoyed taking on difficult 
challenges. 


If this assassination is successful, my fame will spread across the 
Northern and Southern Continents, placing me above the Four 
Kings. And Ill receive a card, a card which contains the mystery of 
God that Emperor Roselle created! Qilangos suppressed his 
excitement and lowered his head to examine his left hand. 


Creeping Hunger had become transparent. It was impossible to 
tell that “Baron Gramir” was wearing a glove via the naked eye 
or through contact. 


This is such a mystical item... If it wasn’t for this, a Sequence 6 
like me wouldn’t have achieved the rank of Pirate Admiral... 
Thoughts flashed through his mind as bouts of regret surged 
within Qilangos. 


In his years as a pirate, he had seen and interacted with many 
Beyonders. Among them were members of the Aurora Order who 
enjoyed adventuring at the ends of the Sonia Sea. 


So, he knew that Creeping Hunger was still rather different from 
a real Shepherd. 


Firstly, the speed of switching states was too slow. It required at 
least a second, but a real Shepherd could switch instantly. 
Secondly, the controlled soul could only use one to three abilities 
before the person died. As for what abilities could be used and 


how powerful they were, that all depended on luck. On the other 
hand, a real Shepherd could decide on the three abilities. They 
didn’t have to gamble like they were at a casino. Lastly, Creeping 
Hunger could only have five souls at the same time, while a real 
Shepherd could have seven. 


Of course, both had the same restriction, which was that they 
could only control one soul at a time, and they could only use the 
soul’s corresponding Beyonder powers and their own Beyonder 
powers. If they wanted to replace one of the souls with a new 
soul, the procedure would be irreversible. 


Qilangos went through seven or eight years of adjustment and 
finally settled with five souls. Their abilities complemented one 
another and made their owner very terrifying. 


Because of the constant adjustments and experimentation that 
he did over the years, there were rumors among the pirates that 
claimed that Vice Admiral Hurricane was omnipotent. 


During the ardent dance music, Qilangos rehearsed the 
subsequent actions he would take in his mind. He sighed with 
regret in his heart. 


It’s a pity that I didn’t find the Traveler over the past few days. 
Otherwise, I wouldn’t have to worry about anything tonight. 


If he had captured the woman that was most likely a Traveler, 
Qilangos wouldn’t have hesitated to feed one of the five souls 
that he was Grazing to the Creeping Hunger. 


To him, a Traveler’s ability would be invaluable! 


Qilangos stole a glance at the huge crystal chandelier hanging 
from the rooftop and decided to wait no longer. 


The soul that he controlled currently had only one ability, which 
was to change his appearance. But it didn’t possess any power to 
fight against other Beyonders. However, the transformation 
ability was still very useful, and Qilangos hadn’t been willing to 
replace it with something else all this time. 


The good thing was that no matter which soul he controlled, 
Qilangos could use his Wind-blessed Beyonder powers at the 
same time. 


Finally, he acted as though his gaze was locking onto the curvy 
figure of a noble’s wife before he swept it towards Duke Negan 
and all the gentlemen around him. 


Duke Negan is a staunch follower of the Lord of Storms, and he is 
a key figure in the influence the Church of Storms has on politics. 
There must be a Beyonder from the Church of Storms beside him 
who’s protecting him. Although the Negan family isn’t an ancient 
thousand-year-old family, he’s one of the wealthiest and powerful 
men in the kingdom. He’s definitely searched for Sequence potion 
formulas in secret or hired Beyonders... Qilangos’s thoughts 
surged. He mentally eliminated gentlemen who were nobles and 
officers before locking his eyes on the man who was constantly 
beside Duke Negan. 


The man was brown-haired, blue-eyed, and wearing a black 
tuxedo. He was almost expressionless while he remained 
vigilant of his surroundings constantly. 


Qilangos nodded indiscernibly and pressed his right hand 
forward slightly. 


Whoosh! 


A sudden gust of wind swept in the area above the dance floor, 
extinguishing the chandelier’s candles. 


At the moment between light and darkness, while everyone’s 
attention was drawn away, a few wind blades slashed at the 
same spot on a metal chain supporting the crystal chandelier 
guised among the gusts of wind. 


Creak! 


With a harsh, shattering noise, the huge crystal chandelier 
plummeted straight to the dance floor. It made a loud crash, and 
people screamed in surprise. Shards of debris flew, cutting 
guests and leaving them screaming in pain and fear. 


The darkened hall was suddenly full of opportunities. Qilangos’s 
glove squirmed and changed, condensing into a golden surface. 


His expression was imposing and his eyes saw through the 
darkness as he fixed his gaze onto the man next to Duke Negan. 


Suddenly, Qilangos’s eyes shone like lightning. 


The Beyonder who was in charge of protecting Duke Negan 
suddenly let out a tragic scream and fell on the ground holding 
his head. He rolled around and struggled. 


With a swoosh, Qilangos’s figure dashed through the darkness 
and charged at Duke Negan. 


However, in the deep recesses of his eyes, it reflected his target 
who didn’t show any signs of panic. It was of utmost confidence. 


Duke Negan’s plump figure stood erect on the spot and observed 
the incoming assassin as if he were looking down on him. 


He lifted his right hand and pushed forward. He murmured in 
ancient Hermes, “Imprison!” 


In silence, Qilangos suddenly stopped. He was suddenly 
surrounded by a transparent wall, something that wrapped 
around him like a sticky liquid. 


It made him seem like an insect in amber, or a prisoner in 
prison. 


The leader of the Conservative Party nobles, the hereditary Duke 
Pallas Negan was a Beyonder himself—a very strong Beyonder! 


Duke Negan spoke in a low voice again and waved his right 
hand. 


“Flog!” 


Pa! Pa! 


Qilangos seemed to be whipped by a shapeless whip. His clothing 
tore from the whipping as his skin was lacerated, revealing 
white bone. 


Then, Duke Negan leaned forward and held his right first. He 


declared in an imposing manner, “Death!” 


Pa! His arm waved as his entire body slammed into Qilangos’s 
head with numerous afterimages. His fist had struck his target’s 
head in an unavoidable manner. 


Kacha! Qilangos’s head shattered, but the surroundings shattered 
as well. Duke Negan remained standing at his original spot. It 
was just a dream. 


It was unknown when the pirate admiral had already switched 
his ability and entered the Nightmare state. 


Unlike an ordinary Nightmare, he could still move his body after 
he dragged people into a dream! 


Qilangos stealthily appeared behind Duke Negan, and his cold 
gaze locked onto the Duke. 


Wrapped with high-speed spiraling winds, his right fist stabbed 
into the target’s vest like a sharp blade. 


Whoosh! 


Amidst the howling of the wind, Qilangos’s right fist punched 
straight through Duke Negan’s body and through his heart. But 
Duke Negan’s figure rapidly turned transparent, just like a soul 
that was summoned. 


After the nearly formless figure dissipated, Duke Negan appeared 
before the French door on the other side of the winding corridor. 
He wore a scrutinizing smile. 


Another Beyonder... They prepared ahead of time? To lay an 
ambush for me? 


How is that possible?! 


Although Qilangos was unwilling to accept this fact, he dealt 
with it calmly. 


The glove on his left hand squirmed and took on the form of 
dark golden scales. His irises grew pale and became vertical. 


Then, a shapeless wave swept from every direction. Ladies and 
gentlemen were thrown into a state of uncontrollable fear at the 
same time. They left their hiding places and ran around 
aimlessly. The scene became chaotic. 


The Beyonders didn’t dare to act recklessly as they were worried 
they might hurt their relatives and friends. 


Seizing the opportunity, Qilangos ran quickly as hurricanes 
whirled around him. He smashed through one of the resting 
room doors before smashing through an oriel window. 


Amidst the shattering sound, he leaped outside and flew a 
distance away from Duke Negan’s mansion with the aid of the 
wind. 


The moment he landed, Qilangos immediately ran towards a 
forest ahead of him. It was a municipal garden—an escape route 
he had scouted out a while ago. 


Once he shook off his pursuers, he could change his appearance 


and blend into the massive population of Backlund of more than 
five million people. 


That was also the reason why he dared to accept such a difficult 
mission! 


After a while, there was gale blowing towards Duke Negan’s 
mansion. The Cardinal of the Church of Storms, the Archbishop 
of Backlund, Spellsinger of God, Ace Snake brought a few 
Mandated Punishers and flew towards the mansion. 


He couldn’t inform the other Beyonders in time. 


Alger was one of the members that arrived with Archbishop Ace. 
However, he was in a bad mood because he saw the broken 
windows and the other Beyonders running out of the mansion. 


It meant that Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos had escaped. 


Chapter 191: Unclear Motives 


Qilangos lost his pursuers with the help of the wind after 
crossing a man-made lake. 


He surveyed his surroundings, intending to create the illusion 
that he had entered a ditch to escape into the Tussock River 
before turning to the financial center of Backlund, the Hillston 
Borough. 


At that moment, his field of vision suddenly blurred. He saw the 
colors around him saturate in the darkness. 


The green trees became greener, their red fruits even redder. The 
dark blackness of the water became darker. Everything appeared 
to be splashed with pastel paint. 


Under the sky where the crimson moon was obscured, there 
were many indescribable, transparent figures, as well as 
different lustrous splendors that contained mysterious 
knowledge. 


Qilangos found himself coming to a halt as he floated in midair. 
Beneath his feet, dark water continually rose towards him. 
Under the water were pale white palms, reaching out for him. 


Not good! Qilangos realized that he had been ambushed. 
And the ambusher was definitely not weak! 


A giant humanoid skeleton suddenly appeared before him. The 


monster was four meters tall, and burning in its eye sockets 
were pitch black flames. The bones on its body were blurry and 
illusory. 


Qilangos gave his enemy an expressionless look as he let out a 
sneer. 


At the same time, the glove on his left hand released a radiant 
light, appearing as if it was cast out of pure gold. 


Qilangos leaned back and spread his arms wide, as though he 
was trying to hug the sun. 


A bolt of pure, burning brilliance descended from the sky, 
enveloping the giant skeleton. The pastel-like world quaked in 
response, and the pale hands under the dark water evaporated 
one by one. 


This was the Beyonder powers of the Priest of Light! 


It was a Beyonder power from the Sun’s Sequence 5 pathway! 


It was the nemesis of the undead! 


The radiant pillar of light dissipated, and the pitch black flames 
of the giant skeleton instantly extinguished. It then turned 
transparent as it disintegrated in the air. 


Before Qilangos had the time to use the abilities of the Priest of 
Light to dispel the pastel-like world, his expression abruptly 
turned rigid. 


He saw another giant skeleton appear to his left. It was also four 
meters tall, its eyes burning with a black flame, identical to the 
monster from before. 


Immediately following that, the same skeletal monster appeared 
around Qilangos, one after another. One, two, three... there were 
more than a hundred of them! 


More than a hundred pairs of burning black flames cast their 
gaze onto their target at the same time. 


Underneath him, the dark water surface rose higher, almost 
coming into contact with Qilangos’s feet. 


Pale white hands extended outward, flailing them around 
constantly, as though they were grabbing at a life-saving straw. 


“Spread out and pursue him. Try to corner him,” Instructed the 
Cardinal—Ace Snake. He conjured a typhoon and took to the air, 
flying toward the direction where Qilangos had fled. 


Duke Negan and the rest didn’t join the ranks of Mandated 
Punishers in consideration of their statuses; instead, they stood 
at the windows or balconies to observe. It was also at this 
moment when the ordinary nobles who were running around 
frantically slowly calmed down. 


Due to the darkness and the undulating shouts, they were 
unsure of what exactly happened. All they knew was that Duke 
Negan might have encountered an assassin. 


Alger Wilson clenched his jaw and ran out of Duke Negan’s 
mansion, following the path of the municipal garden into the 
Hillston Borough. 


He wasn't willing to miss this opportunity, no matter how small 
the hope was! 


Suddenly, he heard a voice which was carried to him by the 
wind, “There’s no need to continue the pursuit.” 


No need to continue the pursuit? The voice of Cardinal Snake... 
Alger stopped after just running a few steps forward. He turned 
to look into the sky, puzzled. 


He saw Cardinal Snake, who was wearing a black robe adorned 
with many storm symbols, floating above the forest and the 
man-made lake and staring down. 


Alger creased his brows and sped over to where the Cardinal was 
without considering the reason. 


As he neared his position, he made use of his Seafarer abilities to 
get a clearer look. 


The Spellsinger of God showed no expression, but his posture 
made it evident that he was serious. His exposed white hair that 
peeked out from under his black hat swayed with the wind, 
accentuating his stern silver eyes. 


Alger retracted his gaze and ran out of the forest. 


The scene of the calm pond reflecting the crimson moonlight 


suddenly appeared in his eyes. On the pond’s surface, a tall 
figure was floating near the bank. 


That figure had a unique wide jaw, his brown hair was tied in a 
ponytail. His dark green eyes were cold, yet blank. 


Qilangos! 


Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos! 


Alger was taken aback at first, then he felt both surprise and joy. 
He couldn't believe his eyes. and even suspected that the 
darkness was causing him to hallucinate. 


Before he could react, he suddenly saw Qilangos’s face rot 
rapidly. It oozed a yellow-green liquid, his flesh peeling off piece 
by piece. 


Pat! Pat! Pat! 


All that was left of Qilangos’s face was a skull, his two vacant 
eyeballs fell from their sockets and onto the ground beside the 
lake. 


Qilangos fell apart completely. His clothes draped over his rotting 
flesh and white bones and blocked the sparkling radiance. 


In less than twenty seconds, one of the Seven Pirate Admirals, 
Qilangos, had died mysteriously in front of Alger’s eyes. 


This shocking scene was etched deeply into Alger’s mind. It made 


him suspect if he was having a terrifying nightmare. 


What was happening? 


Didn’t Qilangos escape successfully? 


Why did he die so simply, yet so mysteriously here? 


What did he encounter, for him to lose his life in such a short 
amount of time... 


He’s a Sequence 6 Wind-blessed, the owner of Creeping Hunger! 


Who did it? 


What was the motive for killing Qilangos... 


Just as countless ideas flooded Alger’s mind, he heard Spellsinger 
of God, Ace Snake’s, charismatic voice, “Did you give the 
information to anyone else? 


“Is there anyone else who knows of this information?” 


Alger quickly calmed down. He glanced at Qilangos’s remains 
and gave an explanation that he had prepared. 


“I reported the information to you the moment I found out about 
it 


He couldn’t help but grumble inwardly. If it wasn’t for the fact 
that Ace Snake had gone for a walk along the Tussock River, 
forcing me to spend time finding him, Qilangos might not have 
even escaped Duke Negan’s mansion! 


Of course, he didn’t dare say this in front of a High-Sequence 
Beyonder. He could only respectfully and humbly continue, “The 
personnel who received the information directly even sacrificed 
himself for it, and no one opened the letter during its transfer, I 
can vouch for this. 


“But I cannot confirm if there was a leak at the source of this 
information. Since we could learn of it, others might have too.” 


As Alger spoke, he formulated some guesses about who killed 
Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos. 


The person or organization who tasked Qilangos to assassinate 
Duke Negan? Since Qilangos had already successfully escaped and 
there was no threat of any information leaks, there’s no need to 
kill him... If it were me, I would get Qilangos to lay low and try 
another assassination attempt when everyone was certain that he 
had left Backlund... 


Also, Qilangos only trusts himself, so he wouldn’t tell his 
assassination plan to anyone. Duke Negan has been organizing 
gatherings lately in preparation for his bill proposal in September, 
so there are abundant opportunities. Other than Qilangos himself, 
there’s no one who can correctly predict when he would strike. U- 
unless that person was a Prophet... But that is unlikelv... 


Other factions? Not possible. Miss Justice prayed to Mr. Fool to 
relay the information the moment she noticed a problem. There 
was no way another organization could’ve received the 
information at the same time... 


Mr. Fool... Alger was shocked as he thought of a possibility. 


The person who struck was Mr. Fool’s Blessed! 


He happened to be in Backlund and thus lent a hand! 


The more he thought about it, the more Alger felt that this guess 
was close to the truth. 


Only the members and subordinates of the Tarot Club could’ve 
received the information in time! 


Only the help of The Fool’s Blessed could make it seem so 
mysterious and without motive! 


Just as he was immersed in his thoughts, Cardinal Snake fell 
silent for a moment. He told the rest of the Mandated Punishers 
who were making their way over, “Qilangos is dead. A High- 
Sequence Beyonder, or someone who used a Sealed Artifact of a 
similar-level killed him. But this is rather dangerous and highly 
unlikely. 


“After a preliminary analysis, I believe that the High-Sequence 
Beyonder is of the pathway of Death, perhaps a member of the 
Numinous Episcopate, but not someone I know of. There’s also 
the possibility of it being a member of another secret 
organization. 


“The motive is unclear.” 


The Numinous Episcopate originated from the Southern 
Continent. Legend has it that it was first formed by a descendant 


of Death in an attempt to revive Death. They were nearly 
eradicated after the Southern Continent was colonized, but they 
stubbornly survived and spread toward the countries of the 
Northern Continent. 


A High-Sequence Beyonder... Yes, only a High-Sequence Beyonder 
could kill Qilangos in such a short amount of time! Just a mere 
Blessed of Mr. Fool is already at such a high sequence... That’s a 
Demigod! Alger once again looked at the pile of flesh and bone. 
He felt dissociated from everything as if he had lost all his 
emotion. He stood there in a daze, watching everything. 


If I happened to betray Mr. Fool one day... He suddenly had such a 
thought. 


Immediately, the terrifying scene of Qilangos rapidly rotting 
appeared in his mind. 


Alger couldn’t help but shiver and lower his head. 


At the same time, he relaxed. 


Since he couldn’t escape or fight back, then he could only choose 
to be loyal. 


Phew... With Qilangos dead, no one can threaten me with that 
secret anymore! He exhaled, his worries completely vanishing. 


In Duke Negan’s mansion, Audrey Hall, who was discussing the 
assassination with her mother and the other nobles, saw her 


father appear at the door. 


She found an excuse and left the resting room for the balcony at 
the main hall. 


“Father, is something wrong?” Audrey looked at Earl Hall with 
her green eyes. 


Her green eyes had come from her mother, not her father. 


Earl Hall smiled. 


“It’s been resolved, my child. You need not worry any longer. 


“Hmm... Did you tell anyone that Baron Gramir was an 
imposter?” 


“No.” Audrey shook her head firmly. 


I only told an almost godlike existence... She added in her heart. 


She thought for a moment, then explained herself, “After I told 
you, I went to the bathroom, then to where Mother was. You can 
ask her.” 


“I see.” Earl Hall nodded and didn’t say anything else before 
mentioning, “Qilangos is dead. Someone killed him.” 


“Who?” Audrey was as shocked as she was excited. 


“No idea. We can’t even figure out why the murderer killed 
Qilangos. It’s truly incomprehensible.” Earl Hall paused. 
“Perhaps, it’s a person or an organization, a secret and powerful 
organization.” 


Unclear motive... A secret, powerful organization... Could it be Mr. 
Fool’s Blessed? It could be our Tarot Club! Audrey suddenly had an 
epiphany. 


Chapter 192: Attention 


Audrey analyzed many things at once as her mind whirled. 


Mr. Hanged Man said that Qilangos was a lone wolf who doesn’t 
trust anyone. Only he would know of his own plan. Other than my 
early discovery of him, there shouldn’t have been anyone else who 
knew he would attempt the assassination tonight... 


I only told Father and Mr. Fool that I suspected that Qilangos was 
disguised as Baron Gramir... 


Although there’s a telegram cable in Duke Negan’s mansion and 
he would’ve been able to send out information in time to ask for 
help, there’s no reason to hide that... Dad’s puzzlement implies 
that the powerful being that killed Qilangos wasn’t within their 
expectations... 


Combining all of the above, I can almost be certain that the person 
who killed Qilangos was Mr. Fool’s Blessed! 


Plus, only the unique model of the Tarot Club can create such a 
strange situation with unclear motives! 


Qilangos was a Sequence 6 Wind-blessed, and he had the mystical 
item—the Creeping Hunger. To be able to quickly kill him without 
leaving any traces behind, it could only be a High-Sequence 
Beyonder known also as Demigods, right? Or maybe he used a 
Sealed Artifact which possesses immense danger? 


Regardless of the possibility, it shows that Mr. Fool’s Blessed is 
extremely powerful... 


Mr. Fool lives up to his reputation! 


Regardless, I certainly provided clues, so Mr. Hanged Man has to 
carry out his promise and pass me the pituitary gland of a 
Rainbow Salamander! 


This should be our Tarot Club’s very first mission, right? 


One of the Seven Pirate Admirals, Qilangos, died because of us! 


Looking at his daughter who seemed excited, Earl Hall, who was 
a handsome man in his youth, coughed lightly and warned his 
daughter with a mask of solemnity, “Audrey, I know that you're 
very interested in mysticism, and I normally tolerate it. But you 
mustn’t be involved in this. You can’t even ask about it. You will 
be introduced by the Queen to the Backlund social scene events 
by the end of this year. As an adult, you should clearly know and 
remember that a terrifying Beyonder, or a powerful, hidden 
organization, is equivalent to danger. Do you understand that?” 


“yes, Father,” Audrey replied charmingly. “I was just a little 
curious.” 


“Curiosity won't do either!” Earl Hall emphasized, and he couldn't 
help but let out a helpless smile. 


“Okay!” Audrey nodded obediently. 


I understand the whole incident better than you do anyway... She 
made a silly face in her head. 


Earl Hall thought and said with a gentle smile, “Regardless, you 


are the heroine tonight, the savior of Duke Negan. Half of the 
reason why Qilangos is dead is partially because of you, and it’s 
the same with the bounty. Of course, if there’s no one that 
admits to killing Qilangos and comes to receive the bounty, the 
remaining half of it will be yours too. Added together, it will be 
ten thousand pounds in total. 


“Hmm, the bounties set up by the Intis Republic, the Feysac 
Empire, and other countries and organizations could be received 
as well. After conversion, there should be about twenty thousand 
pounds in total. 


“Duke Negan promised that he would give you his holiday estate 
at Desi Bay as a gift. It includes a huge rubber tree plantation. I 
don’t know the annual profit exactly, but it definitely won't be 
low. He spent eight thousand pounds to buy it back then and 
later, even built a house and purchased good quality seeds for 
planting.” 


Audrey, who already had an inheritance of three hundred 
thousand pounds, was considered rich. However, a reward that 
was almost forty thousand pounds was still a huge amount of 
income. Many noble ladies wouldn’t even receive such a figure 
as a dowry. 


In an allied marriage of a noble and a businessman in August, 
Miss Mary Oldbury, the daughter of a millionaire, only had an 
eighty-thousand-pound dowry. 


I never considered the bounty... Audrey muttered inwardly. 


Suddenly, she thought of something. If she were to receive the 
bounty and her name spread, The Hanged Man could easily find 
out who Justice was. 


This can’t happen! As a member of the Tarot Club, I have to 
maintain a sense of mystery! Audrey looked towards her dad and 
reorganized her words. 


“Dad, I’m a little worried...” 


“Why? What happened?” Ear! Hall asked in concern. 


“If it were to spread that I found out that Qilangos was disguised 
as Baron Gramir, I’m afraid that his underlings would take 
revenge on me. I’m afraid that whoever instructed Qilangos to 
assassinate Duke Negan would target me...” Audrey tried to make 
herself seem pitiful, weak, and helpless. 


“Tll hire someone to protect you,” Earl Hall replied. Then, he 
nodded faintly and said, “there’s really no need for you to take 
such a risk. Plus, the person that killed Qilangos took the 
Creeping Hunger. Of course, to a High-Sequence Beyonder, that 
wouldn't be a strong enough motive for interfering... Yes, Ill 
inform Duke Negan to keep this a secret and tell someone else to 
receive the bounty on your behalf and compensate you in 
private.” 


Then, Earl Hall smiled and said, “You really are my daughter. 
You earned forty thousand pounds so easily. This is more than 
one-tenth of your current wealth.” 


The three hundred thousand pounds was what he had set aside 
for her in advance. He would still add in another part when she 
got married as his daughter’s inheritance. 


“Am I as good as you were?” Audrey happily asked in reply. 


Earl Hall shook his head and laughed. 


“Much better than I was. The profit from my very first business 
venture was only sixty pounds.” 


Audrey suddenly became extremely thrilled. The satisfaction 
derived from receiving a forty thousand pound bounty, getting 
her father’s compliment, causing Qilangos’s death, completing 
an extraordinary task, and the reward of a Rainbow 
Salamander’s pituitary gland that she was going to get from The 
Hanged Man amplified her happiness. 


I really want to report this to Mr. Fool to get his reassurance... No, 
no way. A powerful, mysterious being killed Qilangos with an 
unknown motive. There might be someone observing me in secret, 
looking for clues regarding Qilangos’s death. I can’t show any hint 
of abnormality... Pui! There’s nothing abnormal about me to begin 
with. As long as I don’t attempt to recite Mr. Fool’s honorary 
name... 


Hmm, if Mr. Fool’s Blessed was really the murderer, He must’ve 
already known the outcome. He wouldn’t need me to report it to 
him... Well... do I need to share the bounty with the Blessed? No, 
no matter what kind of payment method is used to transfer 
twenty thousand pounds, it would definitely draw attention. I 
can’t take the risk... 


Plus, it has always been The Hanged Man who’s been asking for 
help from Mr. Fool. Technically, he should pay the reward. Yes, 
yes, after all, he declared that he had many pages of Emperor 
Roselle’s diary! 


I'll try to gather more pages of the diary to thank Mr. Fool for 
answering my prayers. He definitely wouldn’t be interested in 
crass moneu... 


Audrey quickly determined her next course of action 


In Duke Negan’s mansion, in a secret study room. 


The fat and tall Duke sat on a high back chair behind a desk. He 
was smoking a cigar as he looked at the Spellsinger of God—Ace 
Snake, Prime Minister Aguesid Negan, and the others opposite 
him. 


“Based on our current knowledge, we still aren’t certain of the 
identity of the High-Sequence Beyonder that killed Qilangos.” 
Prime Minister Aguesid Negan had just rushed over from the 
King’s side. 


Archbishop Snake nodded. 


“We've determined that it wasn’t any of the High-Sequence 
Beyonders that we’re familiar with or the Numinous Episcopate 
either. 


“We have sufficient reason to believe that it’s a powerful, 
mysterious Beyonder we aren’t aware of. Of course, we haven't 
eliminated the possibility that the person was using a dangerous 
Sealed Artifact.” 


Duke Negan held his cigar and said, “Maybe it wasn’t just a 
High-Sequence Beyonder. There might be a hidden organization 
behind that person, a hidden organization that we don’t know 
enough about. Otherwise, they wouldn't be able to lay in ambush 
for Qilangos so accurately. Yes, perhaps one of the guests at 
tonight’s ball is a member of theirs.” 


His brother, Prime Minister Aguesid stated solemnly, “Regardless 
of that possibility, we have to be careful. We have to quickly find 
out the identity of the High-Sequence Beyonder, the purpose of 
his presence in Backlund, and why he killed Qilangos.” 


A High-Sequence Beyonder that they didn’t know about, who 
wandering in Backlund, was sufficient to draw attention from 
the government and three major Churches! 


Although a Sequence 4 or Sequence 3 Beyonder might not be able 
to withstand the cannon attacks of their warships, there was no 
need for them to experience a frontal assault. They possessed too 
much of a mysterious power. 


Hence, they were existences even more dangerous than ironclad 
warships. Hence the reason why they were called “Demigods”! 


Spellsinger of God—Ace Snake stood up and said, “Let me make 
some arrangements and get into contact with the Church of 
Evernight and the Church of the God of Steam and Machinery.” 


“His Majesty will allow the military and the intelligence agencies 
to cooperate,” Prime Minister Aguesid promised. 


In a hotel in the North Borough of Backlund. 


Azik sat under a gas lamp and looked at the glove before him. 


The glove was very thin, as though it was made from human 
skin. It seemed that as long as it was filled with flesh and blood, 


it would turn into a hand. 


Azik looked at it for a very long time. His face suddenly contorted 
in agony and pain as he muttered, “I seem to, seem to have 
cooperated with them before...” 


Klein didn’t sleep well the entire night because he didn’t receive 
any reports from Justice or The Hanged Man, nor did he receive 
any reply from Mr. Azik. He kept thinking about the outcome of 
the incident with Qilangos. 


It must’ve been quite a scene if Miss Justice and Mr. Hanged Man 
didn’t dare to contact me recklessly... But why didn’t Mr. Azik 
reply to my letter? Did he not get involved, or was there an 
accident? Did Qilangos hurt him? Klein extended his hand and 
covered his mouth as he yawned. He got onto the trackless 
carriage that headed for Zouteland Street. 


“Extra! Extra! Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos killed in 
Backlund! 


“Extra! Extra! Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos killed in 
Backlund!” 


Just as the carriage was about to set off, Klein suddenly heard 
the paperboy, which was also one of Emperor Roselle’s 
inventions. 


Klein was momentarily stunned as he quickly fished out a penny 
and bought the Tingen Morning Post. Many passengers made the 
same choice. 


He opened the newspaper and quickly read the headline. 


Pirate Qilangos shot dead by Duke’s bodyguard in Backlund. 


Qilangos died? Mr. Azik did it? Klein fell into deep thought and 
lampooned himself, As the boss behind the scenes, I actually had 
to find out the outcome from the newspapers... 


Chapter 192: Coming To A Close 


The article covering what happened to Qilangos wasn’t long, and 
all it stated was the time, place, people involved, and the 
outcome. As the saying goes, the more succinct the content, the 
more serious the situation. 


Something that happened in Backlund at eight or nine last night is 
already being reported in Tingen City this morning. The spread of 
information in this world isn’t too slow due to the exceptional 
contributions of Emperor Roselle. It must’ve been one of the nobles 
or ministers who attended the ball who leaked this information to 
some reporter, then that reporter used the telegraph to send this 
sensational news to the news companies in various counties... 


The morning papers are usually drafted at night and printed after 
midnight before being distributed in the morning. There was just 
enough time to make changes and publish this article... 


Just based on this news, the Tingen Morning Post would be able to 
sell an extra thousand copies. And that’s only considering just this 
city... 


Klein’s thoughts became more and more distracted before finally 
calming down. 


Since Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos is dead, that means that 
even if Mr. Azik is injured, it wouldn’t be too serious... 


If it was serious, he definitely would’ve been captured by the 
Mandated Punishers or Duke Negan’s Beyonder bodyguards that 
were in pursuit of Qilangos. And when facing such a situation, 
Miss Justice and Mr. Hanged Man would definitely try their best 


to report it to me. The latter not happening is enough to indicate 
that everything is under control... 


Yes, if Mr. Azik doesn’t give me a reply, or if Miss Justice and Mr. 
Hanged Man do not pray to me by tonight, I'll blow the copper 
whistle once again to summon the messenger and send over a 
letter of inquiru... 


Relaxing, Klein shifted his attention away from the newspaper, 
then he surveyed the public carriage. 


Most of the people who could afford transport like this could 
read, and under the influence of the term “extra,” many had 
bought the Tingen Morning Post. Now, a few of them were 
quietly discussing the incident. 


“The King of Pirates and the admirals have been terrorizing the 
sea routes for a long time. They back off when they see the 
battleships of the various countries, but they don’t pay much 
regard to merchant ships... Even though Qilangos had only been 
inducted as one of the Seven Pirate Admirals for less than a 
decade, he’s the first to be killed by the government...” 


“Frankly, ['m curious as to what he was doing in Backlund? 
When a pirate leaves the ocean, death is a foreseeable outcome.” 


“Let's hope that there will be a more detailed report in the 
future.” 


“Holy Lord of Storms, I wish to know which of Duke Negan’s 
bodyguards killed Qilangos. His bounty was a full 10,000 
pounds!” 


“10,000 pounds... If I had 10,000 pounds, I would immediately 
quit my job and buy two or three medium-sized nurseries. | 
would invest in the shares of some colonizing companies and 
railroad companies, and receive a stable dividend every year...” 


“That’s only the bounty of this kingdom. Intis, Feysac, 
Feynapotter, and some merchant organizations also have 
bounties for Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos. I sure hope that 
there’s a newspaper that will give a full list of the bounties.” 


10,000 pounds? Klein was shocked to hear that. 


With his already impressive pay, he would have to take twenty 
years to be able to save up that much money even without eating 
or drinking. 


If only... Forget it, there’s nothing I can do either. It would be 
impossible for me to claim the bounty... He folded the newspaper 
a little dejectedly and looked out the window of the carriage. 


At this point, he finally concluded that the incident with Vice 
Admiral Hurricane Qilangos had come to a close. All that was left 
was to tie up the loose ends, such as the batch of Roselle’s diary 
that The Hanged Man had promised him. 


Backlund, Cherwood Borough. 


Fors Wall and Xio Derecha were walking along the street towards 
the nearest branch of the Varvat Bank. 


“My money seems to disappear without me noticing.” Fors 
sighed. 


Xio felt the same way. 


“That’s right.” 


“Luckily, my book, Stormwind Mountain Villa, is rather popular, 
and there are still royalties being sent to my account. Otherwise, 
I'd have to find a clinic or a hospital and become a doctor once 
again.” Fors let out a sigh, both in satisfaction and in worry. 


Xio was silent for a moment before carefully asking, “Will the 
investigation of Qilangos affect your status as an author? After 
all, we could be under the attention of the Mandated Punishers, 
Nighthawks, and the rest...” 


“No, the only one they would focus on is you.” Fors laughed. “You 
were the one who sent someone to make a police report. Same 
for the one who sent the letter and the one famous among the 
alleys and gangs of the East Borough. As for me, Fors Wall, 'm 
still the popular best-selling author.” 


Xio said in a daze, “So you've just been accompanying me all this 
time?” 


Fors stroked her hair and laughed. 


“Don’t you find that this was an interesting experience? This 
experience has provided me with the much-needed inspiration 
for my work. My next novel will be about a sudden brutal 
murder.” 


Xio paused, not knowing how to continue the conversation. All 
she could do was continue walking forward bitterly, forgetting to 
make a turn until Fors dragged her back. 


At that moment, they heard a paperboy shout. 


“Extra! Extra! Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos killed in 
Backlund!” 


Ah? What? Xio and Fors looked at each other in confusion. 


They only came to their senses after the paperboy repeated 
himself multiple times. 


“What? Qilangos is dead?” Fors couldn’t believe what she was 
hearing. 


“He’s dead! How did he die so suddenly!” Xio, who was trying to 
hide from the prosecution of this merciless pirate, was shocked 
and dazed. 


This... doesn’t this have to follow a normal procedure? First, they 
find clues to confirm Qilangos’s motive, then they would gather 
powerful Beyonders and ambush him. Killing the pirate was the 
last step... But, Qilangos was killed even though the first step 
hadn’t been completed yet... He died just like that... Fors and Xio 
exchanged looks as if they were two marble statues. 


Nearly a minute later, Xio charged towards the paperboy and 
bought a copy of the Tussock Times. 


This was one of the three most distributed newspapers in the 
Loen Kingdom. 


“Oh... Qilangos is really dead, killed by Duke Negan’s bodyguard. 
Oh Goddess, Negan’s bodyguard is...” Xio gasped, leaving out the 
“a powerful Beyonder,” that she had wanted to say. 


Fors looked at her good friend in pity. 


“To think that you would believe everything the newspapers 
Say...” 


“Alright, perhaps someone realized Qilangos’s motive in advance, 
and the Mandated Punishers, Nighthawks, Machinery Hivemind, 
and the military cooperated and executed a_ successful 
ambush...” Xio froze and exhaled. “We don’t need to worry about 
it any longer. We can go back to our normal lives, but we have to 
avoid the sphere of influence of that police station from before.” 


She looked at Fors and asked, a little worried, “How much do you 
think Miss Audrey will pay us now? I know that a few hundred 
pounds wouldn’t be too much to her, but we haven't really 
completed what she asked of us...” 


“No, at least we made Qilangos appear on his own accord. The 
reason he rushed to take action and fall for the ambush was 
definitely in some part due to our contributions,” Fors consoled 
her. “With Miss Audrey’s generosity, she'll give us half the 
reward even if she’s not giving us all of it.” 


“Let’s hope so...” Xio took in a deep breath and had an expectant 
gaze. “I wonder who will claim that bounty of 10,000 pounds...” 


“It sure invites the envy of others. If I had that much money, Id 
have become a Sequence 7 or 6 long ago, but I missed the 
opportunity time and time again!” Fors also felt a little sorry, but 
she reminded her friend, “Xio, let us not contact Miss Audrey for 
the time being. Let her contact us on her own accord. There are 
too many hidden details surrounding the death of Qilangos. 
Looking for Miss Audrey abruptly could put us in a dangerous 
situation.” 


Xio first nodded before saying in surprise, “How did you know 
that I was thinking of heading to Empress Borough?” 


“Try guessing?” Fors laughed in response. 


After a busy morning, Klein returned to the Blackthorn Security 
Company. He reported to Dunn Smith, “Captain, the people 
connected to Lanevus that I’m in charge of investigating have no 
problems. They were merely victims, not associated with any 
Beyonder incidents.” 


Dunn placed both his elbows on his desk. 


“Then stop that for the time being. We shall place our focus on 
the more likely suspects after the rest of the members have 
finished with their investigations. We cannot direct all our 
manpower onto this incident. We have to guard against other 
sudden incidents.” 


“Alright.” Klein was about to stand up and head to lunch when 
he suddenly heard knocking on the door. 


“Please enter,” Dunn said in his mellow voice. 


The handle moved and Rozanne peeked inside. 


“Captain, someone is here with a mission.” 


A mission... This seems to be targeted at the Blackthorn Security 
Company and not the Nighthawks team. So, who mistakenly came 
to us this time? Klein wondered to himself. 


Dunn thought for a moment before saying, “We can go hear the 
request out and reject it if it’s too troublesome.” 


He arranged his shirt and vest as he walked out of the office. He 
made his way through the partition and towards the sofa in the 
receptionist area. Klein and Rozanne followed curiously behind. 


There were two ladies on the sofa, both of them were wearing 
black hats and dresses without any extra color. 


One of the ladies was plump and had fair skin. Her face was 
completely obscured by the black veil of her hat. 


Klein felt a sense of familiarity when he saw her, as though he 
had seen her somewhere before. 


Just as he was recalling, he heard the skinnier lady beside her 
speak. 


“The mission we would like to entrust to you is for you to track 
and monitor Madam Sharon and find evidence of her crimes.” 


Madam Sharon... Klein suddenly had an epiphany, and recalled 
where the sense of familiarity came from. 


The lady that remained silent was the wife of Member of 
Parliament Maynard, the daughter of the New Party's leader. 


She finds it hard to accept the death of her husband and is 
unwilling to accept the conclusion the police department came to, 
so she came to a security company in private to do another 
investigation? 


To think that she came directly to us... Klein shook his head and 
laughed to himself. 


Chapter 194: Infiltration 


“Madam Sharon?” Dunn obviously knew of Baron Khoy’s widow, 
a famous socialite in Tingen. 


Maynard’s wife turned her head to shoot a glance at the scrawny 
lady who came with her to the Blackthorn Security Company, 
but she didn’t speak for herself. 


The scrawny lady in the black dress and hat weighed her words 
before she spoke. 


“yes, Madam Sharon, the wife of the deceased Baron Khoy. She, 
she...” 


She stammered, then suddenly spat in anger, “She’s a b*tch!” 


Upon hearing her curse, Klein suddenly recalled the porno that 
he had seen and Madam Sharon’s behavior which appeared 
nervous on the surface but was calm deep down. That made him 
believe the rumors about her, and he felt sorry for the deceased 
old baron. 


It’s not like Madam Sharon can’t remarry. But her loose 
behavior... really makes the old baron’s grave a perfect nesting 
ground for cuckoos... 


Dunn didn’t have much of a change in his facial expression. He 
sat on the sofa opposite and said with his mellow voice, “But that 
doesn’t make her a criminal. 


“you know clearly, and I know it clearly too. Madam Sharon is 
very influential in Tingen. If we were to follow her and monitor 
her, there could be very serious consequences for us.” 


“She’s a criminal!” the scrawny lady said angrily. “She caused 
my brother’s death, but those lovers of hers pressured the police 
department and made them pronounce that my brother died of 
excessive drinking and continuous indulgence in _ sexual 
pleasure. Th-they are all criminals!” 


Those... Klein realized that the scrawny lady was Maynard’s 
sister while feeling sorry for the old baron once again. 


That’s right, for such a scandal, she would definitely not send a 
maidservant here. It’s better if the request is made by family... He 
nodded his head in enlightenment. 


Mrs. Maynard patted the back of the scrawny woman’s hand 
and added with a deep yet cold voice, “She’s a criminal! If you 
suffer any damages because of this, I will compensate you for 
your losses.” 


That tone... She lives up to her identity as the daughter of the New 
Party’s head. If the police department wasn’t very confident with 
the result of my mediumship ritual, ’'m afraid they would’ve 
submitted under her pressure... Klein lampooned inwardly. 


Dunn was silent for nearly twenty seconds before he said, 
“Alright... I have another question. Why do you seem to be so 
certain that we would find something?” 


The scrawny lady nodded and said, “The tobacco merchant, 
Vickroy, introduced us here. He said that you’re the cream of the 
crop in this industry and can complete missions that others 
aren’t capable of completing.” 


The tobacco merchant Vickroy... Who’s he? Klein looked at 
Captain subconsciously and noticed that Dunn Smith looked 
really confused. 


I’m so silly, why did I hope for Captain to remember something 
like this... After all, even I don’t quite remember... He sighed. 


The scrawny lady saw that the two elite mercenaries looked 
confused, so she added, “You saved his kidnapped son.” 


Oh, him... That kidnap case led me to the discovery of the 
Antigonus family’s notebook... Klein was suddenly enlightened. 


Dunn nodded slightly and said, “I understand.” 


Upon seeing this, the scrawny woman laid out her offer, “You are 
to tail and monitor th-that b*tch for two weeks. Even if you don’t 
find any evidence of her crime, you have to take note of who 
visited her and who she visited. We will pay fifty pounds for this. 


“And if you find evidence of her crimes, we would pay another 
additional two hundred pounds.” 


That’s a large sum of money... When Klein suddenly recalled that 
he had only spent seven pounds to hire Detective Henry to gather 
so much information about red chimney houses, he became a 
little ashamed. 


Dunn thought for a moment before saying, “No problem, we can 
sign the contract now. You'll have to pay a deposit of twenty 
pounds up front.” 


Captain, we’re really lacking in manpower right now. There’s the 
huge case regarding Lanevus... Klein didn’t expect Dunn Smith to 
accept the mission although he, himself, was quite keen on 
accepting it. 


Mrs. Maynard nodded slightly and said, “No problem. I believe in 
you. Please don’t disappoint me.” 


Dunn smiled but kept quiet. He turned his head and told 
Rozanne, “Please write up a contract.” 


When the contract was signed and the deposit was paid, Dunn 
watched Mrs. Maynard and the scrawny lady leave the 
Blackthorn Security Company. He then looked sideways at Klein 
and said, “This mission will be yours.” 


“Huh?” Klein looked confused. 


Dunn smiled and said, “Didn’t you want to learn tailing 
techniques and monitoring skills? This is a great opportunity. It 
also turns out that you’re done with your part in the Lanevus 
case.” 


“Alright...” Klein didn’t reject the assignment. 


Just as he accepted, his mind began whirling quickly. 


According to the rules, half of the mission’s commission is handed 
to Mrs. Orianna as additional funding for the team. The 
remaining would be split among the involved members. However, 
it seems like I’m the only one handling the case... 


Regardless of whether the investigation succeeds, there will be at 
least twenty-five pounds of income. On top of that, I'll receive my 
usual weekly pay... If I really could find some clues, I could even 
receive a hundred and twenty-five pounds! 


Captain is a wise man! 


Dunn stole a glance at him and said, “Learn the tailing 
techniques and monitoring skills from Leonard and Frye in the 
morning, and put your combat training on hold for this week. 
Yes... I think you're quite well-trained already, so Ill send 
someone to inform Gawain.” 


Learn tailing techniques and monitoring skills from Leonard and 
Frye? That doesn’t seem very reliable... Klein was stunned. He 
could imagine Leonard using only one method which was 
playing his Feynapotter lute while singing melodious poetry. 
Then, he would probably seduce Madam Sharon to bed in order 
to “monitor her up close.” As for Frye, he had a unique air to him. 
He was cold and gloomy, so no matter where he went, he would 
catch the attention of others. How could such people make good 
spies? 


As his thoughts churned, Klein replied seriously, “Alright.” 


Dunn nodded slightly and walked towards the partition. 
Suddenly, he paused, turned around, and hesitated before he 
spoke. 


“Do you remember the tobacco merchant? What’s was the 
kidnapping about?” 


..So you didn’t remember anything or understood anything... 
Why were you acting so staid and confident!? Klein facepalmed. 


Based on Leonard’s guidance, Klein wasn’t in a hurry to tail 
Madam Sharon, even though he knew that she stayed on Osna 
Street in the East Borough. 


“Until you know the target’s routine, you can’t tail your target 
recklessly. Plus, monitoring alone makes it difficult to take note of 
everything. Unless you don’t eat, drink, sleep, and go home,” 
Leonard had said. Hence, Klein followed his suggestion and 
found one of the mob bosses in the Hound Pub and spent five 
pounds to get his underlings to monitor Madam Sharon and 
record her daily routine. 


Luckily, this can be reimbursed... Why does it feel like I’m 
subcontracting... On Friday afternoon, Klein received the 
investigation report from the mob boss. 


Calling it an investigation report was an obvious insult to 
professional detectives. Not one of the mob boss’s underlings 
was literate. They relied on drawings and symbols, which was 
then interpreted and organized by their semi-literate boss who 
had attended Sunday School for a year. Klein got a headache just 
from reading it and took quite a while to finish reading the 
report. 


According to the surveillance, Madam Sharon seldom leaves her 
place recently. There aren’t many guests who visit either... She 
might be affected by Maynarda’s death... Those mob underlings are 
quite capable. They even gathered information from Madam 
Sharon’s maidservant... Hmm, she will be attending the 
Conservative Party’s banquet tonight. She might return home 
quite late, or maybe not return... This is an opportunity for me to 
put theory into practice. Klein quickly decided to sneak into 
Madam Sharon’s house and search through it. 


With his duties regarding the Lanevus case over, the temporary 
suspension of combat training, and the end of the Qilangos 
incident, Klein only had two matters on hand. One was to 
investigate the red chimney houses, and the second was 
following and monitoring Madam Sharon. In other words, he 
was relatively free. 


Two days ago, he had received Mr. Azik’s reply. There was only 
one sentence on the letter. 


“I obtained the Creeping Hunger and recalled something.” 


Klein had finally confirmed that it was Mr. Azik who killed 
Qilangos and that this amnesiac teacher of his who had a long 
life was a High-Sequence Beyonder. However, he didn’t dare ask 
him what he had recalled with the aid of the Creeping Hunger. 
Azik obviously didn’t want to talk about it. If he was willing to 
share, he would’ve described it directly in the letter. 


In Klein’s reply, he only reminded Mr. Azik that the Creeping 
Hunger yearned for the flesh, blood, and soul of living humans. 
He had to find a safe sealing method. 


In addition, Justice and The Hanged Man had yet to pray to him, 
but Klein wasn’t worried. He understood that both members 
were afraid of being monitored, so they didn’t recite his name 
recklessly. 


Gas street lamps illuminated the straight Osna Street at night 
while the crimson moon hung high above. 


Klein, who had sneaked out with the Clown’s balance and agility, 
leaped over the outer wall of Madam Sharon’s house quietly. 


Passing through the garden, he arrived by the side of the house. 
He climbed up the water pipe and slipped onto the balcony on 
the second floor. 


Klein had never even climbed a tree successfully when he was 
young, so it was quite a monumental event. 


He took out a tarot card from the pocket of his black trench coat, 
slotted it into the gap of the balcony door, lifted it lightly, and 
unlocked the door. 


The servants are so careless... They didn’t use an additional lock. 
Otherwise, I'd have to try entering by climbing through the 
window... Klein muttered silently and entered the house. 


Based on the information provided by the mob boss, he found 
Madam Sharon’s bedroom easily. He turned the knob and 
stepped into the room. 


He closed the door carefully and suddenly smelled a faint 
fragrance. It reminded him of the fragrance of a woman that 
caused the blood vessels of other people to swell. 


Klein felt a little faint, and he even felt his body reacting. 


He immediately calmed down with Cogitation and made a self- 
deprecating comment, “She’s using an aphrodisiac as perfume?” 


Chapter 195: “Lockpicking Expert” Klein 


A few seconds later, Klein activated his Spirit Vision and 
surveyed the room, only to find how extravagantly decorated 
Madam Sharon’s room was. 


In a spacious area with a cloakroom that was ajar, there was a 
thick carpet, a blanket made with goose feathers, a makeup table 
strewn with skin care products and cosmetics, a dazzling array 
of jewelry, thin clothing and socks thrown over the rocking 
chair, and multiple decorative items adorned with gold silk. All 
of these entered Klein’s field of vision. 


What attracted Klein’s attention the most was an unfinished oil 
painting. On the painting was the naked figure of Madam 
Sharon herself—her brown hair like a waterfall, her eyes like an 
innocent deer’s, pure and limpid. But her curved eyebrows, sharp 
nose, and tender lips accentuated her form as a mature female. 
The two qualities fused together despite the contradiction, 
releasing an alarming temptation. 


Klein only gave a cursory glance at the area under the neck for a 
moment. He wasn’t trying to be gentlemanly. After all, he had 
already seen the porno, so why would he have scruples over a 
picture? 


His attention had been grabbed by the pastels, palettes, and 
paintbrushes beside the painting, as well as a full-length silver- 
coated mirror. 


This combination and their placement relative to each other 
gave Klein a weird thought that the painter was Madam Sharon 
herself, and not some artist she had seduced. 


A beautiful woman with a great figure, flirtatious yet innocent, 
stripping and drawing herself while looking in the mirror to 
chronicle her beauty... It feels a little odd. Is Madam Sharon 
narcissistic? Klein gulped silently and retracted his gaze. He 
started to search for possible evidence of her crimes. 


Following Leonard’s and Frye’s instructions, he kept his black 
gloves on as he searched. He had to keep the original position of 
everything in his memory to facilitate putting everything back 
after he was done. 


This proved easy for an advanced Seer. If he forgot, he could use 
dream divination to recall the placement easily. 


Of course, he had performed a divination before he left the house 
tonight. There was going to be no danger and he would be met 
with relative success. 


That’s something a good charlatan would do... even if I’m already 
a Clown... Klein lampooned himself. He spent twenty minutes 
searching Madam Sharon’s room, but he didn’t find anything 
noteworthy, nor did he see any light emitted by spirituality. 


Finally, he stopped before a safe in the corner of the room. 


The steel safe was a meter tall; thick and heavy. It gave the 
impression that it was unusually sturdy, as if it could only be 
opened using explosives. 


This sure is a characteristic of the Age of Steam. There must be 
complicated machinery within the safe... Klein tried to open the 
safe but failed miserably. 


He left the safe for last. He took off his left glove and unwound 
the topaz dangling on his left wrist. 


Grabbing the silver chain and allowing the pendulum to fall, 
Klein dispelled the excitement that the fragrance in the room 
gave him and entered a state of Cogitation. 


His eyes turned dark as he chanted to himself, “There is a secret 
room or hidden partition in this room. 


“There is a secret room or hidden partition in this room.” 


After reciting it seven times, Klein’s eyes regained their normal 
color. He looked at the dangling topaz, which was turning 
counterclockwise. 


It was a negative result. 


Klein nodded slightly and left Madam Sharon’s room. According 
to the process from before, he went through the study, the living 
room, the greenhouse, and other parts of the house, but he didn’t 
find any clues of value. 


He didn’t use Dowsing Rod Seeking since he didn’t exactly know 
what he was looking for. 


Klein took out his silver pocket watch and gave it a look. He 
confirmed the time before returning to Madam Sharon’s 
bedroom. 


Carefully closing the wooden door, Klein took out the silver 
dagger used for rituals and released his spirituality, allowing it 
to fuse with the powers of nature and seal the room. 


He was going to summon himself! 


He was going to go through the safe using his spirit and check 
the things inside! 


Grandpa doesn’t need to know how to lockpick! Klein proclaimed 
in Mandarin. 


The process was simple since he was praying to himself. He 
didn’t have to be too particular. Klein took out a candle infused 
with sandalwood and ignited it using his spirituality. That was 
going to be his altar. 


“TI 


“I summon in my name: 


“The Fool that doesn’t belong to this era, the mysterious ruler 
above the gray fog; the King of Yellow and Black who wields good 
luck.” 


The incantation reverberated around Madam Sharon’s bedroom. 
Klein’s spirituality poured out from within him, gently fusing 
with the candle flame to become a gray, palm-sized veil of light. 


He then took four steps counterclockwise, made his way through 
the mad ravings, and into the world above the gray fog. 


He saw the Door of Summoning appear behind the seat of honor 
at the ancient long table. Klein was about to react when he froze. 


I should perform a divination to see if I can discover any clues 
since I’m already here. Here, as well as removing any interference, 
my powers are also significantly boosted... Also, because of where I 
am now, performing a divination is akin to using an object 
Madam Sharon brings around with her everyday... He sat down 
and conjured a fountain pen and goatskin. 


What should I divine? Klein slipped into deep thought*.* 


Is there anything wrong with Madam Sharon? 


No, everyone makes mistakes, there would be something wrong 
with anyone. 


Is Madam Sharon involved in a crime? 


...No, that’s not narrow enough either. As a famous socialite tied 
to the political sphere, it’s natural that she would be associated 
with something dirty yet cannot be convicted for... Also, what is 
the definition of a crime anyway? The laws of the Loen Kingdom, 
or the laws of the Intis Republic, or is it up to me to decide? 


Despite his many thoughts, Klein didn’t want to delay it any 
further. After all, his physical body was still in the real world. 
Thus, he decided to confirm the past few divinations he did 
regarding the incident. 


He picked up the pen and, without writing, he conjured a 
divination statement on the goatskin before him 


“John Maynard’s death was due to supernatural influences.” 


This was the divination he did when he went to Maynard’s 
house to help the police. The answer he received last time was 
negative. 


Grabbing the silver chain, he allowed the topaz pendulum to 
almost touch the statement on the goatskin. Klein half-closed 
his eyes and silently recited the divination statement, “John 
Maynard’s death was due to supernatural influences. 


“John Maynard’s death was due to supernatural influences.” 


After repeating it seven times, he opened his eyes and looked at 
the pendulum. His pupils constricted suddenly. 


The topaz pendulum was spinning clockwise! 


Clockwise meant a positive result! 


Maynard’s death was really due to supernatural influences! 


Klein stared at the pendulum that was slowing down, his heart 
churning in turmoil. 


My divination back then was influenced, disrupted... 


Madam Sharon is a Beyonder, a rather powerful Beyonder? Or is 
there someone backing her, having helped in planning Maynard’s 
death? 


Did they want to remove a powerful opponent to the seat of 
mayor, to remove a future House of Commons Member of 
Parliament from the New Party? 


Many thoughts raced through his mind as Klein wrote a new 
divination statement: “Madam Sharon is a Beyonder.” 


He recited the statement seven times, still using the pendulum 
technique. Klein used the location he was at, as well as the 
information he knew regarding Madam Sharon, to complete the 
divination. He saw an answer. 


The answer was the clockwise rotation of the topaz pendulum: 
the answer was yes! 


Madam Sharon is a Beyonder... Klein’s nerves tensed. He didn’t 
delay any further, immediately answering his own prayer and 
pushing open the mysterious door. 


After a moment of chaos and dizziness, he saw Madam Sharon’s 
bedroom and himself. 


Klein floated to the front of the heavy safe and extended his right 
hand. He carefully extended his hand into the safe. 


Since Madam Sharon was a Beyonder, he had to be wary of traps 


in the safe. 


In such a state, where his soul was infused with powers of the 
mysterious space and his spirituality, Klein no longer needed 
divination. He would receive a warning when he _ was 
approaching something dangerous—a large portion of divination 
was obtaining revelations by allowing one’s Astral Projection to 
roam in the spirit world. In other words, it was derived from 
one’s spirituality. 


Klein didn’t notice anything unusual. when his nearly- 
transparent hand made it through the thick metal door. 


After sweeping his hand, he leaned forward, plunging his entire 
spirit into the safe. 


He saw that the inside of the safe was split into three sections. 
The first was filled with gold bars, thick stacks of cash, and even 
more precious jewelry. Another layer had sealed documents. 
Klein blew on them, but he didn’t manage to flip them open to 
look at their contents. 


Yes, I’ll have to try again with Mr. Azik’s copper whistle... Klein 
had experimented with it previously. When he enveloped the 
Flaring Sun Charm or Azik’s copper whistle with his spirit, both 
the items were able to make it through obstacles, as if becoming 
illusory items themselves. 


The bottom-most layer of the safe was rather strange. There was 
only a black and white photo there. On the photo was a suave 
young man. 


Madam Sharon’s past lover? Were they forcefully broken apart, 
and Madam Sharon having no choice but to marry the old baron 
and, thus, embarked on her path of debauchery by entering the 


beds of multiple men? But deep in her heart, she still harbors a 
pure space. Every night, when it’s quiet, she takes out this photo 
and strokes it with tears on her face... Klein instantly imagined 
the plot of a great romantic tragedy. 


But the more he looked at it, the more something seemed amiss. 
The young man in the photo seemed, perhaps, a little too much 
like Madam Sharon... 


Madam Sharon’s brother? She’s a Beyonder... F**k, could she also 
be of the Demoness pathway? The same as Instigator Trissy! Klein 
suddenly had a stroke of inspiration which scared himself. 


Could the reason Trissy stayed in Tingen this long be because her 
partner was here? Klein observed the photo closely, realizing that 
the young man looked remarkably like Madam Sharon. 


His nearly-transparent face grimaced in pain. He could no longer 
view that “porno” the same way as before! 


Collecting himself, Klein felt for the corners of the safe to see if 
they hid anything. 


Even though he couldn’t pick up any papers in his current state, 
passing through objects was a different feeling from passing 
through the air. The feeling was also different when passing 
through objects of different densities. 


In his search, Klein suddenly froze. 


He found an empty space on the side of the safe facing the wall 
—a hidden compartment! 


After confirming that there was no danger, Klein made his way 
inside. What entered his field of vision were ointments, 
fragrances, powdered herbs, and other objects. The centerpiece 
was a Statue of a god that took the form of a skeleton. 


The statue was about the size of a palm, and probably of a 
beautiful girl. It had long hair all the way to its heels, each 
strand of hair was thick and clear, like a venomous snake. 


Situated at the tip of every strand of hair was an eye—some 
closed, others open. 


Klein was shocked. He caught a whiff of an evil scent and 
hurried out of the hidden compartment. 


He now understood why his divination for any secret rooms or 
partitions in the room had failed! 


Chapter 196: Spirit Medium Mirror 


Klein rushed out of the heavy safe in retreat. Only when he 
realized that everything seemed fine did he calm down. 


That white bone statue is creepy... Although it isn’t dangerous, it 
gives me the creeps... Could it be the so-called Primordial 
Demoness? An evil god like the Hidden Sage, the Dark Side of the 
Universe, or the True Creator? Klein recalled his hunches about 
Madam Sharon, and he suddenly understood what existence the 
white bone statue might represent. 


Just as he thought, his spirituality stirred as an ominous 
premonition gripped him. 


Klein quickly flew next to the window with complicated patterns 
and looked at the road outside. He saw a carriage driving 
towards the front gate under the light of the gas street lamps. 


Madam Sharon is back? There was a tug at his heartstrings as he 
finally understood the source of his ominous premonition. 


Taking into consideration that Trissy only became a woman 
after Sequence 8 Instigator, so she’s most likely a Sequence 7. And 
since Madam Sharon has been active in Tingen’s social circles 
for many years, she was most likely much stronger than Trissy. 
Hence, Klein didn’t dare to take the risk of relying on his Flaring 
Sun Charm and Azik’s copper whistle. Instead, he made the wise 
decision to leave. 


He had a limited number of charms. Plus, he didn’t know when 
he would be able to get the Sealed Artifact, Mutated Sun Sacred 
Emblem, out again. Hence, if it wasn’t a desperate situation, 


Klein didn’t want to waste his most powerful charms. He would 
also have the issue of explaining himself if he were to use it. 


I can’t just tell Dunn that a kind expert had happened to pass by 
and helped me, right? 


As for why he didn’t want to use Azik’s copper whistle, it was 
because Klein wasn’t sure if the messenger, that was 
summoned, had the ability to fight. What if it just looked strong 
but only knew how to send letters? 


With what I discovered earlier, it should be sufficient for the 
Nighthawks team to take action. Why should I fight against 
Madam Sharon alone? We can totally gank her! Klein 
emphasized inwardly and ended his summoning. With a 
whoosh, he returned to the world above the gray fog. He then 
quickly wrapped himself in spirituality and stimulated a rapid 
descent to return to his body in reality. 


He quickly put out the flame and put away the candle. He 
removed the wall of spirituality and left Madam Sharon’s 
bedroom. He took the same path back, but he didn’t have the 
time to reset the bolt on the balcony door. 


Sliding down the water pipe, Klein climbed over the wall which 
was opposite the entrance of the house. He remained hidden 
until he reached the neighboring street. Then, he hired the 
expensive night carriage to Zouteland Street. 


Madam Sharon, who looked beautiful in her black dress, slowly 
walked to the second floor. She dismissed her maidservants and 
opened the door to her bedroom. 


Her pure clear eyes suddenly concentrated and reflected fine 
threads that were almost transparent and unnoticeable. They 
didn’t possess the luster of spirituality; they were like human 
hair that was pathologically changed. If one didn’t already know 
of their existence or have a pair of very special eyes, they 
wouldn't notice the strands. 


All those fine threads had torn and fallen to the ground. 


Madam Sharon squinted her eyes and directed her focus onto 
the thick gray metal safe. 


36 Zouteland Street, the Blackthorn Security Company. 


Dunn was reading the newspaper casually with his legs crossed. 
He looked at Klein who appeared before his office door with a 
strange expression. He sighed and said, “Weren’t you supposed to 
slip into Madam Sharon’s house to do an initial search? ...Did 
you encounter some sort of problem?” 


Klein nodded seriously and said, “Yes, I suspect that Madam 
Sharon is a member of the Demoness Sect.” 


“A member of the Demoness Sect?” Dunn lowered the newspaper 
and ruminated over the words. He then asked seriously, “What 
did you discover?” 


Klein didn’t sit down, he leaned his body forward and supported 
his weight with his hands holding the edge of the work desk. 


“First, I found a photo. There was a young man in the photo, but 
he looked very much like Madam Sharon.” 


If he were to change into female clothing, put on makeup, and 
Photoshop the picture a little, he would look exactly like Madam 
Sharon... Klein held back his urge to lampoon. 


“Similar to Instigator Trissy?” Dunn’s eyes sparkled as he was 
enlightened. 


They had previously predicted that Trissy was most likely a 
member of the Demoness Sect. 


“Yes.” Klein nodded with mixed emotions as he continued, “I 
used divination to discover that Madam Sharon has a white 
bone statue in a hidden compartment in her safe. It’s of an 
extremely beautiful woman, but her hair is very long, to her 
ankles. Every single strand is as thick as a venomous snake. On 
the tips, there were eyes. They looked rather creepy. Captain, is 
that the image of the Primordial Demoness?” 


As his security clearance was insufficient, the information about 
the Demoness Sect that he could read was very limited. 


Dunn recalled and nodded with a serious expression and said, 
“That’s the image of the Primordial Demoness. 


We have to take action immediately and seize control of Madam 
Sharon.” 


Klein immediately agreed and said, “If Madam Sharon is a Mid- 
Sequence Beyonder from the Demoness Sect, I have to assume 
that she'll be able to tell that someone had sneaked into her 


bedroom.” 


Then, he suddenly felt puzzled as he blurted, “Captain, why do 
the seven orthodox gods only have symbols without any actual 
image, while the evil gods that 'm currently aware of have 
anthropomorphic appearances? The True Creator and the 
Primordial Demoness are examples. Is this one of the differences 
between orthodox gods and evil gods?” 


Why would there be such a difference? Klein added inwardly, but 
he wisely didn’t say it out. 


“That’s one of the differences between orthodox gods and evil 
gods.” Dunn gave a reassuring answer. Then, he got up and 
walked towards the clothes rack. He said, “Let’s not delay any 
further, I’m worried that Madam Sharon will run away.” 


Then, Dunn paused. 


“Go upstairs to get Kenley. With the three of us taking action 
together, we can apply for one Sealed Artifact. Madam Sharon is 
very likely higher than a Sequence 7 Beyonder.” 


Captain, you’re so wise! Klein answered without hesitation, 
“Alright.” 


Then, he asked curiously, “Captain, which Sealed Artifact are you 
going to use?” 


Dunn weighed his words before he answered, “3-0217.” 


As there weren’t many Sealed Artifacts behind Tingen City’s 


Chanis Gate, Klein quickly remembered what Captain wanted to 
use. 


“Number: 0217. 


“Name: Spirit Medium’s Mirror. 


“Danger Grade: 3. Considerably dangerous. It has to be used 
carefully. It can only be requested for operations that require 
three or more people. 


“Security classification: Official Nighthawks member or above. 


“Sealing Method: Store in absolute darkness. 


“Description: The back of the mirror is plated in mercury, the 
front of the mirror has three minor cracks. 


“The very first investigator that looked into the mirror saw a 
sobbing girl with long hair. Then, he discovered the girl climbing 
out of the mirror. 


“From many experiments with the artifact, the image that’s 
reflected in the mirror is different most of the time. Even if the 
same person uses it repeatedly, they would encounter different 
things of varying danger levels. But they would prioritize dealing 
with the person who looked at the mirror first. 


“The most dangerous situation is to see oneself in the mirror. 


“If no one looks at the mirror, under the prerequisite of there 


being light, an image would surface automatically every three 
hours. 


“It doesn’t possess any living traits. 


“Remark: The mirror originally belonged to a Spirit Medium and 
was a very ordinary mirror until one day the Spirit Medium 
committed suicide when looking into it.” 


Indeed, that there aren’t many Sealed Artifacts behind Chanis Gate 
that can be used in a Beyonder battle. 3-0217 is a good choice... 
Klein didn’t speak further as he immediately ran to the 
Nighthawks’ recreation room to get Sleepless Kenley. 


That night was Royale’s turn to be on duty at Chanis Gate. 
Leonard was off duty, Seeka Tron was patrolling areas like 
Raphael Cemetery, and the new member would only arrive on 
Sunday. Hence, Dunn could only pick from Frye and Kenley. 
Taking into consideration that Madam Sharon was from the 
Demoness Sect and had little to do with dead spirits, he had 
opted for the latter. 


After a few minutes, Dunn returned from the basement. He held 
the mirror that was tightly wrapped in a thick black cloth. 


Frankly speaking, if I didn’t know beforehand, I wouldn’t be able 
to tell that it’s a mirror. None of it is exposed... Klein went 
forward with the petite-sized Kenley. 


“you're in charge of using Sealed Artifact 3-0217.” Dunn passed 
the mirror to Kenley. 


Upon seeing that, Klein suddenly realized that he was a Sequence 


8 Beyonder and that he possessed the ability to fight head on. He 
couldn't just hide by the side as support. 


Man, I’m a little nervous... He touched the Slumber Charms in 
his pockets and made sure that he was well prepared. 


The only problem is that in order to make it easier to climb, I’m 
not bringing my cane. Hmm, I can borrow Kenley’s. He has the 
mirror in one hand and a gun in the other; that should be 
sufficient. Amidst Klein’s thoughts, the trio arrived downstairs 
and took a carriage to Osna Street. 


On their way there, Kenley looked at the Sealed Artifact 3-0217 in 
his hands. He sighed from the tension. 


“This is the first time I’ve been involved in such a dangerous 
operation.” 


Normally, the Nighthawks wouldn’t use any Sealed Artifacts to 
deal with Beyonder incidents. 


When they went to Morse Town, they had applied for the 
Mutated Sun Sacred Emblem for preventive purposes. Given how 
far away Morse Town was, it would’ve taken backup some time 
to arrive if they needed it. This time, they were almost certain 
that their target was a Mid-Sequence Beyonder! 


“Don't worry, perhaps Madam Sharon has already fled,” Klein 
replied with a smile. 


Honestly, he was just as tense as Kenley. 


Dunn’s eyes turned and looked at him helplessly. 


“Let’s try not to let Madam Sharon escape.” 


About twenty minutes later, the three Nighthawks arrived at 
Osna Street. They saw the garden and Madam Sharon’s house in 
the darkness. The house lay in silence as though nothing had 
happened. 


Klein took out the pendulum in his left sleeve and made a quick 
divination. 


“There’s danger inside. 


“There’s danger inside.” 


After he recited the statement seven times, he opened his eyes 
and saw the topaz pendant spinning clockwise. The amplitude 
and speed were considered medium-level. 


It meant that there was danger in there. Not very high, but it 
wasn’t very low either! 


Chapter 187: Operation 


There’s danger in there. Not very high, but it isn’t very low 
either... 


This means that Madam Sharon is still in the building. She hasn’t 
fled yet... 


Klein froze for a moment, quickly realizing the reason. 


He had entered a unique state by summoning himself to inspect 
the safe. He hadn’t forcefully broken the lock when he was 
inspecting the secret compartment, nor did he activate any 
hidden traps. Thus, Madam Sharon wouldn't have discovered 
that her secret had been exposed. She would only think that 
there was a break in, or some private investigator was checking 
on her to no avail. 


In such a situation, it was logical that she would continue to stay 
home. It made logical sense. 


To lose composure from a tiny matter and overreact wasn’t the 
Madam Sharon whom Klein had come to understand. She was a 
calm socialite who was capable of acting afraid and pitiful, as 
well as a Beyonder member of the Demoness Sect who had kept 
her identity hidden for many years. 


If the telephone had been invented, Madam Sharon definitely 
would’ve called one of her lovers and complained about the 
security in Tingen City whilst hinting that it was Madam 
Maynard... Klein began imagining a melodramatic plot. He told 
Dunn and Kenley the results of his divination as well as his 
guess. 


“That’s the most reasonable deduction.” Dunn pressed down on 
his hat as he looked at the second floor of Madam Sharon’s 
apartment. “There’s no need for us to rush in.” 


“Why?” Kenley, who was holding Sealed Artifact 3-0217, 
instinctively asked. 


He was filled with fear towards the Spirit Medium Mirror in his 
hands. He was afraid that some unexpected event would arise 
from the Sealed Artifact. 


Dunn wore his black gloves and looked at Klein. 


“Do you still remember what happened when we tried to capture 
Instigator Trissy?” 


“I remember,” Klein replied after some thought. “She seemed to 
be able to detect our presence and make the necessary responses, 
which resulted in her successful escape.” 


I also remember suggesting the use of bombarding the house when 
the Captain asked me how I would deal with the situation. That 
was the safest, most surefire method. But not this time... We can’t 
use it here as there are many innocent maids in Madam Sharon’s 
house. If we notified them in advance and got them to evacuate, 
that would definitely catch Madam Sharon’s attention. According 
to Leonard, Trissy could turn invisible. We have to assume that 
Madam Sharon has that ability too... Klein connected the dots at 
once. 


Dunn looked at the crimson moon in the sky and said, “Good, 
your answer is very good. Youre rather intuitive in such 
situations. 


“We cannot approach recklessly and end up alarming Madam 
Sharon. I'll try dragging her into a dream from a distance. If I’m 
successful, you and Kenley will go and capture her... Well... You 
can make the decision of whether to kill her or not. Kill her if 
you cannot control her. Your safety is of utmost importance.” 


Captain, your line of thought is always so clear at such critical 
moments! I was just waiting for you to say that! Klein praised in 
his heart. 


Over the months, Klein had grasped most of the unique traits of 
the different Beyonder powers of his partners when he was 
casually chatting with Dunn, Leonard, Frye, and the rest. 
Amongst those, Dunn Smith, who was a Nightmare, could freely 
enter the dreams of a sleeping person even though he was at 
home or at the Blackthorn Security Company. 


But how he did it was a secret of his own Sequence, and Klein 
didn’t ask about it too deeply. 


The ability to drag someone into a dream had a limited range 
and was normally used during direct confrontations. 


But Klein had once heard the Captain say that the ability also 
had a certain effect when used within a hundred meter radius. 
But he needed time to complete the process. He couldn't do it 
instantly, for the process was similar to coaxing a child to sleep. 


At this moment, Dunn was going to drag the distant Madam 
Sharon into a sleeping state, a little at a time. After completing 
the first stages of the restraint, he was going to create the most 
opportunistic conditions for Klein and Kenley. 


“Alright.” Kenley was also rather accepting of the Captain’s plan. 


Without any more chatter, Dunn leaned on the corner of a wall 
and shut his eyes. He put his hands together and lowered his 
head. His black trench coat and silk hat blended into the night. 


In the opulent bedroom. 


Madam Sharon was leaning on her comfortable rocking chair, 
completely naked. Her fair and excellent figure was completely 
exposed. 


She sometimes turned her head towards the full-length mirror 
to admire her charming self. 


As she looked, her face would flush red as tears welled in her 
eyes. Her expression emitted a strange tenderness amidst her 
stupor. 


The skeletal statue of the goddess was sitting on the table beside 
her. The thick strands of hair seemed gentle under the warm, 
pink light. 


Slowly, the frequency in which Madam Sharon looked into the 
mirror decreased. Bit by bit, her eyelids couldn’t help but droop. 


Seconds turned into minutes when Klein suddenly recalled 
something. How was the Captain going to notify Kenley and 
himself after he successfully dragged Madam Sharon into a 
dream? 


Madam Sharon would wake up if the Captain left his Nightmare 
state, and she would notice that something was off... I wonder if 
the Captain is capable of giving hand signs while dreaming at the 
same time? Klein looked at the worried Kenley pacing around 
and intended to discuss this with him in order to distract him. 


At that moment, his mind turned into a blur. He saw a giant 
crimson moon, as well as Captain Dunn Smith in his black 
trench coat under the moon. There was also the short Kenley, his 
expression dazed. 


Klein realized that he too was dreaming! 


I’ve been dragged into a dream by the Captain... So that’s how he 
was going to notify us. He wanted to facepalm himself, but could 
only maintain his trance-like state while saying muddle- 
headedly, “Captain?” 


Dunn nodded slightly and said, “Madam Sharon has entered a 
dream. You can take action now.” 


He then emphasized, “Remember to be careful, and don’t be too 
reckless... We would rather miss the opportunity than take 
unwarranted risks.” 


Just as he finished his sentence, the world before Klein 
shattered. His eyes reflected Dunn Smith again. He was still at 
the corner of the wall, looking down with his hands clenched 
tightly into fists. 


On the other side, Kenley, who had stopped pacing about, also 
opened his eyes. 


The duo exchanged looks and nodded. Both of them entered a 
state to execute their operation. 


Even though this was the first time Kenley was participating in a 
relatively dangerous mission, he was still more experienced 
than Klein. He had attended many official missions, so he 
quickly adjusted his mental state, becoming calm and sharp. 


Of course, this could also be attributed to the augmentation the 
night had on a Sleepless. This was also one of the reasons Dunn 
had chosen Kenley over Frye for this operation. 


“Let’s go.” As a Sequence 8, Klein took on the role of the leader, 
signaling for his partner to follow. 


Kenley didn’t object. He gripped the tightly-wrapped mirror and 
softened his footsteps as he followed. 


Klein led him to the place where he scaled the wall previously. 
He grabbed onto the crevices of the wall and made it to the top of 
the wall with little effort. 


He maintained his ridiculous sense of balance and turned 
around, bending down and grabbing the Spirit Medium Mirror 
Kenley had tossed over. 


The moment he touched the mirror, Klein felt his spiritual 
perception tighten suddenly. It was as if what was covered by the 
black cloth wasn’t a mirror, but a door to some unknown, 
dangerous alternate world. 


Indeed, any item that requires sealing has some malefic side to 
it... Klein internally muttered to himself wistfully as he watched 


Kenley scale the wall. 


In order to facilitate movement, Kenley had placed his cane 
beside Dunn. Klein didn’t dwell on that matter. 


After making their way through the garden to the side of the 
building, he climbed the pipe up to the balcony of the second 
floor, just as he did before. 


He then hung naturally from his feet, allowing his body to fall, 
once again taking Sealed Artifact 3-0271. 


Kenley looked at him, puzzled. But immediately, he nodded his 
head in enlightenment. 


At that moment, Klein was shocked by his own actions. He 
exerted a force using his waist, and, with the support of his left 
hand, he easily flipped over. 


What happened just now? Why did I move like that? It felt so 
natural... Is that an ability of the Clown? He thought back and felt 
that he was able to better display the unique characteristics of a 
Clown in actual practice. 


After waiting for Kenley to easily make his way up, Klein handed 
the Spirit Medium Mirror back to him before pulling open the 
unlocked door of the balcony. 


Kenley carefully pulled away the black cloth wrapped around 
Sealed Artifact 3-0271. He pointed the object mirror side down, 
reflecting the tiles on the ground. 


One of the rules of the Spirit Medium Mirror was not to use it on 
yourself or your partners! 


After putting away the black cloth, Kenley took out his revolver 
and followed behind Klein. They made their way past the 
corridor towards Madam Sharon’s bedroom, their footsteps light. 


Klein wielded his readied revolver, and, while activating his 
Spirit Vision, he reached out for the door handle with his left 
hand. 


He didn’t dare to be careless since his divination told him that 
there would be danger present. 


The reason why he didn’t make another quick divination was 
that he knew the presence of the Primordial Demoness’s statue 
in the room. At this distance, his divination would definitely be 
interrupted. He knew that there was no way for him to get a 
clear answer without relying on the gray fog’s obstruction. 
Furthermore, with Kenley beside him, there was no way for him 
to enter that mysterious space. 


After pushing open the door, what entered Klein and Kenley’s 
field of vision was the warm light from the gas lamp. 


Then, they saw Madam Sharon slumped over her chair, as well 
as her alluring body. 


However, Madam Sharon wasn’t asleep. She was reclined in her 
chair with a faint smile across her mouth, looking straight at 
her two visitors. 


Instinctively, Kenley flipped his palm and pointed the Spirit 


Medium Mirror at Madam Sharon. 


Klein first froze, then exclaimed, “No!” 


He clearly remembered that there was a full-length mirror on 
the other side of the chair. But it wasn’t there now! 


The Spirit Medium Mirror had locked onto Madam Sharon in 
just a second. 


But that image of Madam Sharon became blurry before turning 
into a full-length mirror. 


Kenley looked at himself in the mirror and also Sealed Artifact 
3-0271 reflecting his own image. 


A figure instantly appeared within the Spirit Medium Mirror. It 
was an expressionless, sinister image of Kenley himself! 


Klein felt his limbs turn rigid as if he had been entangled by 
invisible threads. 


An elegant figure appeared beside the full-length mirror. It was 
Madam Sharon, wearing a nightgown. 


She glanced at the two intruders and chuckled. 


“If it wasn’t for the fact that the statue happened to be beside me, 
I should be deep asleep now, waiting for you to wake me up with 
a kiss.” 


At that moment, Klein suddenly shouted a simple term in 
ancient Hermes, “Crimson!” 


He had no idea when he dug his left palm into his pocket. He 
deftly flicked his fingers and tossed out a Slumber Charm. 


Chapter 198: Appropriating Uniqueness 


The silver charm suddenly turned ice-cold, just like a crystal coat 
with layers of frost. 


Klein shivered and suddenly became more alert, his fear and 
agitation temporarily froze. 


He quickly injected his spirituality into the charm and pushed 
the thin silver piece out of his pocket with his fingertip, causing 
it to drop to his feet. 


A crimson flame appeared in the air, and the sound of light, 
continuous explosions echoed in the room. 


A serene and deep feeling instantly emanated and engulfed most 
of the bedroom, including Madam Sharon, Sleepless Kenley, and 
also Klein himself! 


The Slumber Charm was an item that didn’t distinguish between 
the enemy and the caster. In most situations, using it meant 
throwing it at the enemy. 


That way, the caster would only be affected by the remnant 
shock waves, but not to the extent of failing to resist the 
temptation of falling into a deep sleep. 


But Klein’s arms were entangled by countless invisible threads. 
He couldn’t throw the charm, so he could only exchange Madam 
Sharon’s slumber with his! 


But he had long considered such a situation and was prepared. 
This was because his body was unique—a uniqueness that was 
unlike most Low-Sequence Beyonders. 


In that instant, Klein’s eyelids closed and entered into deep sleep 
normally, while Madam Sharon and Kenley also appeared to 
slow down. 


Klein quickly realized that he was in a dream and rationally 
knew that he was sleeping. 


Whenever anything related to dream invasions or similar 
hypnotic effects were used on him, he could still maintain 
consciousness! 


He had discovered this when he was dealing with Dunn’s 
Nightmare powers, as well as when Daly was channeling his 
spirit! 


Kacha! 


Klein tore out of the dream forcefully and woke up. He felt the 
countless threads binding his arms, legs, and body loosen. As for 
Madam Sharon, she had a vacant look, as though she was going 
to shake off the effect of the Slumber Charm but had yet to wake 
up entirely. Kenley was on the ground with the Spirit Medium 
Mirror flipped upside down nearby, while his revolver had been 
flung to the door. 


An opportunity! 


Klein seized the moment while the fine threads loosened, he 
took out his left hand and snapped his fingers. He lit up a faint 


blue spiritual flame and burned the countless fine threads before 
him. 


At the same time, he picked up his revolver with his right hand 
and pulled the trigger repeatedly. 


Bang! Bang! 


The two silver demon hunting bullets tore through the barrel 
and fired towards Madam Sharon. 


Klein didn’t confirm the outcome but bent his knees, exerted 
strength in his waist, and leaped over to Kenley. Simultaneously, 
he broke the fine strings that were tied around his body. 


His earlier shots were mainly to inform the Captain that 
something unexpected had happened inside. They were already 
fighting and were in need of assistance. Of course, if he could 
shoot Madam Sharon directly, that'd be the best outcome! 


However, Klein didn’t believe a Sequence 7 or 6 Beyonder could be 
taken care of so easily. 


There were faint blue flames twirling in the air, dancing across 
the fines threads in the room. In such a dreamy scenery, the two 
silver demon hunting bullets struck Madam Sharon’s body. 


Kacha! Kacha! 


Madam Sharon was in her translucent sleeping robe, and her 
indistinct body shattered like the crimson moon’s reflection in a 
lake. The full body mirror next to her cracked into pieces, and 


most of them shattered into about thumbnail-sized chunks 
while a small amount remained on the frame. They all 
resembled palms, strangely-shaped palms. 


A substitute? A Beyonder power of the Demoness Sequence? The 
corner of Klein’s eyes swept over it as he already rolled next to 
Kenley. Since the fine strings were all broken by his movement, 
the faint blue flames didn’t spread over. 


At that moment, Madam Sharon had vanished, but the 
“sleeping” Kenley lifted his hands and gripped his neck so tightly 
that his saliva began flowing out as his tongue protruded. But he 
didn’t seem like he was going to stop. 


But in Klein’s Spirit Vision, there weren’t any abnormal things 
around! 


He suddenly recalled the description of Sealed Artifact 3-0271. 


The most dangerous situation is when you see yourself! 


Could it be that Kenley saw his own reflection in Sealed Artifact 
3-0271 through the full body mirror? Klein speculated. He quickly 
took out another silver charm without having the luxury of time 
to think about it. 


It was a triangular-shaped item: a Requiem Charm. 


“Crimson!” 


Klein said the ancient Hermes word while he instilled his 
Spirituality into the charm and threw it out. 


Then, he pressed down his left hand and grabbed the Spirit 
Medium Mirror. 


He used the corner of his eye to determine that the Sealed 
Artifact was facing downward so it wouldn’t reflect himself. 


The triangular silver charm ignited into icy-blue flames. The 
gentle and serene darkness blanketed Kenley and affected Klein 
himself. 


The nervous emotions dispersed in that instant. Kenley relaxed 
his hands on his throat, while Klein felt like he was standing 
before his oriel window at home, overlooking the quiet streets. 
His physical and mental state was at peace. 


That was exactly what Klein wanted! 


At that very moment, he entered an extremely serene state. He 
appeared to be the only person left in the entire world with 
nothing else in existence. 


Within this sense of calmness, he suddenly had a gut feeling in 
his mind. 


Madam Sharon is about to attack my right waist! 


That was the foresight ability of a Clown in battle. Without any 
hesitation, Klein lifted the Spirit Medium Mirror and rolled to his 
left. 


Just as he moved, a dagger, burning in dark flames, pierced the 
spot where he had stood earlier. 


Madam Sharon’s figure was outlined once again. 


As he rolled, Klein suddenly lifted the Spirit Medium Mirror and 
pointed it at Madam Sharon! 


Besides saving his teammate, his main goal when he got close to 
Kenley was to pick up the Sealed Artifact. 


Otherwise, he didn’t believe that anything good would come out 
of waiting for the Captain’s reinforcements while being next to 
Madam Sharon. The Flaring Sun Charm could be used to fight 
against a Beyonder, but the effect wouldn’t be as significant as if 
it was used against a dead spirit. Plus, the other person wouldn’t 
just stand there and wait for him to use a charm. 


If it really didn’t work, Klein could only take the risk and use 
Azik’s copper whistle. 


Regarding how he would explain it, he would think about it after 
he managed to stay alive! 


However, things developed better than Klein had predicted. 
Madam Sharon opted for assassination. She didn’t interrupt his 
use of the Requiem Charm and the Spirit Medium Mirror. 


Therefore, Klein had instantly formulated a simple plan. He 
didn’t avoid the repercussions of the Requiem Charm but relied 
on it to enhance his foresight ability as a Clown. Then, he seized 
the opportunity to dodge the attack while he used the Spirit 
Medium Mirror to reflect the enemy! 


When Madam Sharon missed her strike, she immediately 
wanted to chase after her agile opponent who was rolling away. 


She suddenly saw a mirror with three cracks. 


The surface of the mirror rippled, and a woman’s figure 
appeared. Her hair was black and thick, hanging low and 
blocking her face. 


Klein’s left hand shook, and the Spirit Medium Mirror glided on 
the carpet for a dozen centimeters with the front facing 
upwards. 


A pale hand extended out of the mirror, and a woman in a white 
bedsheet-like dress climbed out of the mirror quickly and 
pounced at Madam Sharon. 


Madam Sharon’s expression became gloomy, there was a layer 
of darkness above her innocent brown eyes. 


Her surroundings ignited with seven black flames. 


With a swoosh, a black flame flew out and hit the woman in the 
white dress. 


Whoosh! 


The woman caught on fire and wailed in pain. Very soon, she 
vanished into thin air. 


Sou! Sou! Sou! 


The black flames flew at Klein one after another like bullets. 


Klein’s pupils constricted as he quickly rolled away. He didn’t 
dare stay in that spot. 


However, his action of rolling gradually became slower because 
there seemed to be fine threads entangling him again. They 
slowed him down and affected his motion. 


It seemed like the nemesis of the Clown’s combat abilities! 


The black flames flew past Klein’s face and fell onto Madam 
Sharon’s bed. However, it didn’t burn, seemingly effective on 
items with life or spirituality. 


Klein had yet to feel rejoice over his successful dodge when 
another premonition flashed through his head. 


He twisted his spine and changed his forward flip into a side 
roll. 


A transparent ice crystal suddenly appeared like a spear and 
stabbed into the carpet where Klein had originally intended to 
land. 


The white frost expanded and struck Klein whose actions were 
affected by the fine threads. 


He suddenly shivered, and his body became stiff. Although he 
could still move, he was much slower. 


Madam Sharon had black flames surrounding her again, and 
there was a transparent ice spear that condensed in her hands. 
Klein didn’t hesitate any further as he shoved his hand into his 


pocket and grabbed Azik’s copper whistle. 


He, he, he. 


Just then, Kenley shook off the effect of the Requiem and 
Slumber charms. He got up and looked towards Madam Sharon 
with a pair of vacant-looking eyes. 


His face seemed to be blanketed by a shadow, making him look 
silent yet creepy. 


Thud. Thud. Thud. Kenley leaped at Madam Sharon who was the 
closest. 


Madam Sharon narrowed her eyes and shot the black flames 
surrounding her one after another at Kenley. 


Poof! Poof Poof! The black flames disappeared like snowflakes 
and didn’t have any effect. 


Klein was stunned at first, then he lifted the gun in his right 
hand and pulled the trigger while aiming at Madam Sharon. 


Bang! 


Madam Sharon dodged ahead of time and threw the frost spear 
towards Kenley, but it only penetrated his clothes and not his 
skin. Hence, it didn’t create a freezing effect. 


Bang! Klein fired again, and Madam Sharon dodged to the side of 
the broken full-body mirror and picked up a palm-sized 


fragment. 


She continued to walk swiftly and dodged another bullet. She 
then used the irregular fragment to reflect Kenley as he leaped 
over at her. 


Right on the heels of that, Madam Sharon dodged to the side as 
she swiped the mirror with her palm which was covered in 
black flames. 


At that moment, Klein had emptied his revolver. He had no 
choice but to throw it, letting the empty shells and revolver fall 
to the carpet. 


Just as he rolled over to pick up Kenley’s revolver, he heard his 
teammate’s tragic scream. 


Kenley stopped before bending over and vomiting. It was bile at 
first, then a red heart, followed by his lungs and stomach that 
were burning with black flames. 


Chapter 199: Successful Toss of the Die 


The beating heart, the yellowish-green liquid, the silently 
burning black flames, and the falling figure entered Klein’s field 
of vision and etched themselves deeply into Klein’s mind. 


The most dangerous mission he had encountered up to this date 
had been when he was dealing with Ray Bieber who was in the 
midst of digesting. Even such a terrifying and dangerous 
monster had only resulted in severe injuries to the Beyonders on 
the mission. No one had to sacrifice their lives. 


The deaths of the Beyonders Klein had witnessed, including Old 
Neil’s, were all due to them losing control. The “murderer” might 
be strange and indescribable or related to evil gods, but they had 
nothing to do with the missions they undertook. 


Now, he was looking at one of his partners being killed in action. 
The death was purely due to one mistake. 


Nighthawks were fighting against madness, but so were they 
also fighting against danger. 


There might never be an opportunity to make up for that one 
mistake. 


Klein’s thoughts erupted with a boom. 


Apparently having taken a huge blow, he knelt down and lifted 
his right hand, firing successive shots at Madam Sharon. The 
silver demon hunting bullets pierced through the invisible 
threads and shot towards her head and transparent sleeping 


gown. 


Suddenly, Madam Sharon appeared to be yanked in another 
direction by something, allowing her to successfully avoid 
Klein’s manic shooting. 


Klein only managed to collect himself and regain the ability of 
rational thought when he finished firing the five bullets in his 
revolver, and the sound of the hammer striking an empty 
chamber entered his ears. 


His heart tightened. Without any time to reload, he tossed the 
revolver to the side and took out a stack of tarot cards! 


Pa! 


Madam Sharon’s body moved to the side and saw a card fly past 
her, piercing deeply into the surface of the makeup table. 


She smiled, her beautiful brown eyes once again taking on a 
black luster. 


At that moment, her waterfall like brown hair suddenly flailed 
into the air like it was lifted by an invisible force. 


Madam Sharon froze. She wanted to dodge, but she was too 
slow. Klein had tossed out a “Magician” card, successfully 
pinning her hair to the wall. 


Pa! Madam Sharon forcefully tore away her hair and rolled 
forward, her body quickly vanishing from Klein’s line of sight. 


She’s turned invisible again... Klein had a tarot card between his 
fingers as he slowly turned around while being alert of his 
surroundings. 


Suddenly, he realized why Madam Sharon had to give up her 
attack, and why she had slowed down. 


If the situation had developed normally, Klein would have had 
no choice but to use Azik’s copper whistle to deal with this 
terrifying demoness! 


Yes! The Captain must be around here somewhere! He felt a little 
excited. He looked around, his gaze instinctively falling on the 
window. 


At the same time, he made a judgment in his heart. 


Madam Sharon wants to flee! 


She knows that we still have a partner with the ability to drag her 
into a dream, but she is unsure if there would be other 
reinforcements from the Nighthawks, Mandated Punishers, or 
Machinery Hivemind! 


Even though she’s powerful, there’s no way that she can wipe out 
a team of Beyonders on her own! 


With that thought, Klein flicked his wrist, tossing the tarot card 
towards the window. 


Whoosh Whoosh Whoosh! He threw out five cards in succession, 
three sealing the window and the other two towards the door. 


Crack! Thud! Thud! 


Amidst the sound of shattering glass, two tarot cards dug into 
the ajar bedroom door, one after the other. As he expected, Klein 
heard the sound of dodging. 


He once again tossed cards out, making use of his Clown’s 
intuition to pinpoint where he should be aiming. 


The cards pierced through the air and rapidly advanced before 
drilling themselves into the sturdy wall. However, a figure was 
quickly outlined in the air. It was none other than the brown- 
haired Madam Sharon who was in a translucent sleeping gown. 


The moment Madam Sharon was exposed, her eyes lost their 
focus, as though she was falling asleep standing. 


Captain... Klein scanned his surroundings but was in no hurry to 
throw his cards. This was because he knew that Madam Sharon 
would quickly break out of the dream. He had to deal fatal 
damage in these two or three seconds, or their opponent would 
escape. 


It was easy to escape from a Nightmare when there was a huge 
distance between them! 


Bending his knees, Klein rolled forward diagonally. He went 
prone and extended his right hand, grabbing the edge of the 
Spirit Medium Mirror that was facing upward. 


He then flicked his wrist before his reflection could appear in the 
mirror. He tossed Sealed Artifact 3-0271 towards Madam Sharon, 
mirror side facing her. 


Madam Sharon’s body trembled. The color of her brown eyes was 
quickly restored as they once again found their focus. 


And awakening before her was a crystalline layer of sturdy frost 
that appeared on the surface of her body. 


However, she didn’t see the card, nor the demon hunting bullet 
approaching her. All she saw was a mirror, and that the mirror 
was reflecting her innocent, yet alluring beauty. 


That beautiful face in the mirror suddenly became contorted. 
Wrinkles, gashes of blood, and rotting spots appeared on her 
face. 


“No!” Madam Sharon let out a shrill cry as if she had just 
witnessed someone she loved die. 


Her skin quickly took on a green color as yellow pus flowed out 
the corner of her eyes. 


After a moment of suffering, a silent black flame burned 
outward from within Madam Sharon, as if she was trying to 
expel something. 


The black flames then condensed into a thick frost, as if it was 
creating a coffin for an eternal rest. 


The invisible threads finally took on a color that was visible to 
the human eye. They enveloped the frost, forming a gigantic 
cocoon. 


Thud. Thud. Thud. Sealed Artifact 3-0271 fell onto the ground and 


tumbled before stopping beside Madam Sharon’s giant cocoon. 


At that moment, Dunn broke through the window frame and 
somersaulted into the room. 


He caught sight of Kenley, who had stopped breathing, and his 
expression sank. 


It was at this moment, the cocoon cracked open. The coffin of ice 
crumbled an inch at a time as black flames turned into specks of 
light, dissipating into the surroundings. 


Madam Sharon’s skin had regained its normal color. Her eyes 
showed fatigue, but she seemed normal. 


Her eyes reflected Klein who was still sprawled on the ground. 
She also saw Dunn Smith, his finger pressed on his glabella with 
his eyes closed. 


A formless ripple spread outward from Dunn as Madam Sharon’s 
eyelids drooped uncontrollably. Under Dunn’s trench coat were 
writhing, snake-like objects. 


Klein knew that the Captain couldn’t restrain Madam Sharon for 
long, just like when they were previously fighting Monster 
Bieber. Klein rolled forward again, grabbed his revolver, the one 
he had previously tossed onto the carpet. 


He grabbed three demon hunting bullets with his left hand and 
familiarity stuffed them into the round chambers. 


Pa! 


Klein closed the cylinder and stood up, taking aim at Madam 
Sharon with both hands on the gun. He aimed at the center of 
her forehead. 


Bang! 


He controlled his body with the abilities of the Clown and pulled 
the trigger. 


The silver demon hunting bullet pierced through the air, 
accurately hitting the fixed target. 


A bloody gash appeared between Madam Sharon’s eyes, but the 
bullet seemed to tear through multiple layers of obstruction, 
causing it to lose the bulk of its power, rendering it unable to 
pierce through the target’s skull. 


Klein fired another two shots without hesitation when he saw 
Madam Sharon suddenly open her eyes. 


Bang! Bang! 


A rain of blood splattered amidst white dots. The stunning 
beauty that was Madam Sharon had become a mutilated corpse 
that would incite nightmares in every man. 


She had long run out of “substitutes” to use. 


Phew. Phew. Klein lowered his arms and panted heavily. Madam 
Sharon, with only half her head left, slumped onto the ground. 
She still had an exceptional figure, her skin still white and 
tender. 


Dunn straightened himself up and opened his eyes. He, too, 
lowered his hand from his glabella, his face a little pale. He 
wasn't injured, but he looked as though he had lost a lot of blood. 


“If it wasn’t for the fact that she wanted to kill a few people 
before she tried to escape; if it wasn’t for Sealed Artifact 3-0271 
reflecting herself by chance, we probably would’ve only been able 
to injure her...” Dunn slowly walked forward to Klein’s side, his 
voice unusually low. 


If it wasn’t for how unique I was, I would’ve died along with Kenley 
in the first ten seconds of the battle... Klein turned to look at 
Kenley who was silently lying on the black ash. He exhaled. 


“Captain, Kenley...” 


“I know...” Dunn replied with a raspy voice. “I made a mistake. I 
was fooled by Madam Sharon. I didn’t expect her to secretly 
escape from the dream.” 


He paused, then he said in a serious tone, “But you have to get 
used to this. It’s normal for Nighthawks to die during missions. 
Perhaps the next one to die would be me.” 


Klein fell silent, not knowing how to reply. Kenley still had his 
eyes open, staring blankly at the ceiling. 


“May the Goddess bless you. May you find true peace.” Dunn 
walked over to Kenley’s side and drew a crimson moon on his 
chest. 


He then squatted and closed his partner’s eyes. 


May the Goddess bless you. May the serene night no longer harbor 
any danger or madness... Klein also drew the crimson moon as 
he prayed silently in his heart. 


A few seconds later, he forcefully retracted his gaze and asked in 
a heavy voice, “Captain, should I channel her spirit now?” 


Dunn nodded indiscernibly. 


“Don't attempt to ask about the Primordial Demoness. That’s very 
dangerous. I'll guard you and prevent any accidents from 
disturbing you.” 


Klein didn’t tarry. He took out the various ingredients and 
quickly set up an altar, starting the mediumship ritual. 


After reciting the incantations, he took a step back and used a 
Dream Divination. 


“Madam Sharon’s partners-in-crime. 


“Madam Sharon’s partners-in-crime.” 


After reciting the statement seven times, Klein entered a dream. 
He saw Madam Sharon’s soul within the hazy world. 


He reached out to the transparent, ethereal soul, and the scene 
before his eyes changed. 


It was a night scene. Madam Sharon, who was wearing a long 
black robe, handed an ancient bronze book over to Instigator 
Trissy. She laughed a little manically after hearing the latter’s 
doubt over the term “Witch.” 


“Weren't you always curious? Curious about why our upper 
echelons are all female...” 


So it really was the Demoness Sect... Leonard’s guess accurately 
matches the truth; he really does have a huge secret... The 
corresponding Sequence 7 for Assassin and Instigator is Witch? 
What a trap... Klein thought to himself. 


The scene immediately changed. Klein saw a vast hall with 
narrow windows all around the place, and a lady clad in a pure 
white robe. 


Her back was facing Madam Sharon as she said with a smile, 
“We can reach sainthood as long as we advance towards the 
Primordial. We can attain power, attain salvation, and avoid the 
end of days.” 


Madam Sharon lowered her head and asked curiously, “Why 
must we become women? Is it because the Primordial is a 
woman? Do women symbolize destruction and calamity?” 


The lady whose back was facing Madam Sharon answered 
calmly, “No, men are the same, they are the synonym of war. 
These are two similar pathways.” 


Chapter 200: The Demoness of Pleasure 


Synonym of war... A similar Sequence as the Demoness Sequence 
pathway... Which one would it be? Klein watched the movie-like 
scene as he recalled the Sequence pathways that he knew of. 


As he was only an official Nighthawk, there was still a lot of 
information that he couldn’t access. He was still in the dark 
about the names of the Mid to High Sequences and their 
corresponding traits. He only knew about the few that he had 
learned of from the Eternal Blazing Sun, such as the Priest of 
Light and the Unshadowed; the God of Combat Sequence 
pathway that he found out from the young man, Sun, such as 
Dawn Paladin, Guardian, and Demon Hunter; as well as Spirit 
Guide and Gatekeeper which he found out from Daly and Dunn. 


Hence, it was difficult for him to judge which Sequence pathway 
would be a synonym of war. He could only eliminate them one 
by one, such as the God of Combat Sequence pathway which 
seemed more like individual battles rather than war. 


Klein thought about it and minimized the scope to five options. 


First, was the Arbiter Sequence pathway which the Loen 
Kingdom’s ruler, the Augustus family, and the Feynapotter 
Kingdom’s Castiya family were in control of. But Klein felt that 
this option was the least likely because the Arbiter’s 
corresponding Sequence 8 was Sheriff and Sequence 7 was 
Interrogator, which both seemed to be leaning towards trial and 
judgment but not towards war. 


Second, was the Fourth Epoch Solomon Empire’s pathway of the 
Black Emperor. Its Sequence 9’s modern name was Lawyer, 
which was good at discovering and using the flaws and 


weaknesses of an opponent, while also possessing outstanding 
eloquence and logical thinking. That was the second lowest 
possible Sequence pathway. He suspected that the development 
of the Sequence would make use of rules and walked in the 
shadow of order. Of course, war was also considered as one of 
the shadows of order. 


Third, was the Hunter Sequence pathway that was in the control 
of the Feysac Empire’s rulers, the Einhorn family; the Intis 
Republic’s former royal family, the Sauron family, and also the 
hidden organization that only appeared in the last two to three 
hundred years, the Iron and Blood Cross Order. Klein thought it 
was quite possible. 


The Nighthawk’s confidential information described Hunters as 
excellent trackers, outstanding trap masters, and superb 
hunters. The corresponding Sequence 8 was Provoker, while 
Sequence 7 was Pyromaniac. Both were partially associated with 
massacre and war. 


Fourth was the ancient organization Blood Sanctify Sect that 
worshiped demons. They were in control of the Criminal 
Sequence pathway. From the sequence title itself, Klein felt that 
it had a high possibility. 


Fifth was the Rose School of Thought that was known for bloody 
rituals. They had the Prisoner Sequence pathway, and the reason 
was the same as the one before. 


Just as Klein was drowning in his own thoughts, the scene 
before him changed. Madam Sharon had just finished 
showering, and her wet hair hung low. There was a fresh yet 
seductive charm on her face. 


I can’t see the woman in the white robe that turned Madam 
Sharon into a Demoness... It might be because my psychic ability 


is still lacking... Klein reined back his thoughts and redirected 
his attention to what was before his eyes. 


Madam Sharon flipped her hair, and water droplets glided down 
her cheeks. 


She looked towards the man who was waiting on the bed as she 
giggled and said, “Do you need me to take care of Maynard?” 


The middle-aged man on the bed creased his eyebrows and 
shook his head. “Not unless you can guarantee that there won’t 
be any traces left behind. But that’s impossible; besides, what 
means do you have?” 


Looking at the man before him, Klein was taken aback at first 
before suddenly feeling that it was within expectations. 


The middle-aged man’s photo often appeared on the front page 
of the Tingen City Honest Paper and other newspapers. He was 
the current mayor that was looking to be re-elected, a member 
of Conservative Party. 


Madam Sharon smiled but didn’t delve deeper into the topic. Her 
robe was halfway up her legs, and she walked gracefully to the 
side of the bed. 


The scenery before him changed one after another until Klein 
saw many Members of Parliament, businessmen, and civil 
servants who appeared on the newspaper occasionally. 


They would either discuss how to receive donations, bribe voters 
by going around the Campaign Act, or promise protection and 
solve problems. In the entire development, Madam Sharon acted 


as a broker. 


This is actually a documentary, right... “Tour the Upper Circles of 
Tingen with Madam Sharon”... Well, but why are there so many 
bed scenes... Many nobles and Members of Parliament knew that 
Madam Sharon had many lovers, so why did they look like they 
couldn’t resist the temptation... Was this an ability of Madam 
Sharon’s Sequence? Klein watched thoughtfully as he speculated. 


Through the divination earlier, he was certain that none of the 
guys in Tingen’s upper circles knew of Madam Sharon’s true 
identity, nor did they collude with her to murder Maynard. 


In other words, Maynard’s death was Madam Sharon’s own 
decision? Why? She had no reason to take the risk. 


Of course, from Madam Sharon's perspective, she possessed the 
Beyonder power to interfere in divination, and she could also 
create a sudden death from sexual pleasure and make the death 
appear natural and accidental. killing Maynard wasn’t something 
risky that would expose her identity, but she clearly lacks a 
motive. It doesn’t match the risk involved! 


Could it be one of the requirements of her “acting?” But she could 
definitely find someone whose identity and status wasn’t as 
sensitive. Then, the case wouldn’t have fallen to the Nighthawks, 
Mandated Punishers, or the Machinery Hivemind. 


The most important point was that Madam Sharon should’ve been 
able to tell that Maynard’s wife hated her and was extremely 
indignant. That made it highly likely that someone would be sent 
to investigate her, so why didn’t she move those sensitive items 
like the white bone statue away? She could have buried it in the 
garden or something. 


Was she so confident in the security of her safe and its hidden 
compartment? 


Amidst his suspicion, Klein saw that Madam Sharon’s spirit had 
yet to disperse. He seized the opportunity to do another dream 
divination. 


This time, his divination involved: “Madam Sharon’s true motive 
for killing John Maynard.” 


After he recited it in silence, Klein entered a dream once again 
and saw a new scene. 


Madam Sharon held a glass of red wine which resembled blood. 
In her loose sleeping gown, she was pacing back and forth in her 
room. Finally, she drank the rest of the wine in one gulp, as 
though she had decided on something. 


The scene dispersed quickly, leaving Klein even more confused 
since Maynard’s death looked like Madam Sharon had 
volunteered to do it without anyone’s instigation. 


“That’s weird...” Klein muttered to himself and used another few 
divination statements. But the answers were no different. 


Seeing that Madam Sharon was growing transparent and 
illusory, signifying that she was going to disappear soon, Klein 
thought and made final contact with the dead spirit. 


“Sequence potion formula of the Demoness pathway. 


“Sequence potion formula of the Demoness pathway.” 


Klein recited the new divination statement. With the aid of 
Cogitation, he got into his dream very quickly. 


At first, he didn’t want to do the divination because he felt that 
the Demoness pathway only spread disaster and created pain. 
Even if he obtained a corresponding potion formula, he was 
unwilling to sell it to anyone and indirectly become a murderer. 


Then, he recalled another matter from before. With his 
understanding of the Spectator potion, he had been able to 
suspect and verify that Daxter Guderian was a member of the 
Psychology Alchemists. 


So, in order to better fight against the Demonesses in the future, 
he’d to learn more of the traits of their Sequence pathway. 


Yes, after Hood Eugen’s death, Daxter Guderian has yet to contact 
me. I’m guessing the Psychology Alchemists sent some stronger 
members for an investigation, and he hasn’t dared to make any 
moves... AS Klein’s thoughts flashed, he saw the dark hall again. 
He saw the woman in the holy white robe again. 


Madam Sharon hung her head low, and she could only see the 
other woman’s legs, a pair of flawless legs. 


Soon, she heard a melodious voice. 


“Pleasure, that is the name of the Sequence 6 potion, the goal 
that you are about to advance to. If you succeed, you'll be a 
Demoness of Pleasure. 


“When pleasure is irresistible and impossible to break away 
from, it’s a form of agony. This is also a maxim that you have to 
live by. 


“AS long as you complete your advancement, besides the 
enhancement of your various abilities as a Witch, you'll also 
become more beautiful, making you better at seduction and 
providing unforgettable pleasure to the same or opposite sex 
during love-making. You'll be able to make strange threads like a 
spider and utilize them.” 


Immediately following that, an ancient silver book appeared 
before Madam Sharon. After it was opened, there was the 
formula and ingredients placed separately. 


“Main ingredients: A pair of Succubus eyes, an adult Black 
Widow Spider Silk Gland. 


“Supplementary ingredients: 100 m1 of purified water, 5 drops of 
Black Jimsonweed juice, the complete remnants of a Succubus’s 
hair, 10 grams of Feynapotter Fly Powder, and 5 grams of real 
Mummy ashes.” 


The scene changed again. It was the same hall, the same long 
white robe, and the same woman with indistinguishable 
features. But now, the difference was that Madam Sharon had 
returned to her original state. She was now the young man in 
the picture from before. 


A melodious female voice reverberated in his ears. 


“This is the name of the Sequence 7 potion, I’m sure you're 
surprised.” 


“Yes, I still can’t believe it’s called Witch!” “Madam Sharon” said 
in a rather agitated manner. 


“Remember, if we want to get closer to the Primordial, we have 
to be more and more like ‘Her.’ She’s a woman, so we have to be 
women too,” The melodious female voice replied. “Either you 
give up or you accept. After you become a Witch, you'll become a 
true woman, and your appearance and charm will be enhanced 
substantially. You'll have the ability to turn invisible and use 
substitutes. You'll gain a rudimentary mastery of various dark 
magic, you'll be skilled at disrupting the divination of others, 
and you'll also gain the favor of the black flame and icy frost. 


“The main ingredients are every drop of an Abyss Demonic Fish’s 
blood and an Agate Peacock’s egg. 


“The supplementary ingredients are 80 ml of purified water, five 
drops of Jimsonweed juice, 3 scales of a Shadow Lizard, and 10 
drops of Daffodil Juice.” 


Scenes continued to play, one after another, and Klein saw the 
Instigator and Assassin formula and _ understood their 
corresponding traits. 


Just as he wanted to continue the divination, Madam Sharon’s 
spirit dispersed completely. 


Klein stopped the ritual and returned to reality. He packed up the 
ingredients, removed the wall of spirituality, and told Dunn 
Smith about the outcome of his mediumship without holding 
back any information. Then, he expressed his suspicions on 
Madam Sharon’s murder of Maynard. 


“Pleasure doesn’t require her to kill anyone of a higher rank or 
position in society... Hmm, we need to investigate where Madam 
Sharon has been over the past few years and understand her 
origins. We need to look for the dark hall that you saw. Of 
course, this will need to be reported to the Holy Cathedral, and 
they can assign investigators accordingly. We can’t leave Tingen 
as we wish.” Dunn nodded slightly and looked around. He said, 
“Go to the first floor, check if those servants are still in deep 
sleep. If anyone is awake, bring them over and make them sign 
a confidentiality contract as per protocol. I'll be in charge of the 
second floor.” 


He found a black cloth and covered the Sealed Artifact 3-0271. 


Upon hearing that, Klein suddenly understood why the intense 
battle hadn’t brought the servants over—the Captain had sent 
them into a deep sleep from the very beginning. 


Klein’s body was still cold and stiff. He had to slow down and 
move forward in very, very light steps. 


When he passed the bedroom door, he extended his hand and 
pulled out the two Tarot cards at the door. He wiped them and 
put them back into his pocket. 


After he left the room, he walked towards the stairway. 


After taking a few steps, he suddenly thought of a question—how 
would he make sure that the person was in a deep sleep? 


Check with divination one by one? That'd be troublesome... The 
Captain is a Nightmare; he should be an expert in this. I'll have to 
ask him if he has any fast and simple methods. 


With this in mind, Klein turned around walked towards the 
bedroom door, step by step, as he fought against the cold and 
stiffness in his body. 


Before he came close, he looked through the ajar door and saw 
the shattered pieces of the angled full-body mirror. 


There were still large shards of the mirror clinging to the frame, 
all the size of a palm. 


In the cracked mirror, Dunn Smith, in his black trench coat, was 
kneeling beside Kenley’s dead body, doing something. 


Suddenly, he lifted his head. His gray eyes were deep, and the 
corners of his lips were tainted with crimson blood. 


crimson blood. 


Without thinking, Klein turned around, left the side of the door, 
and leaned his back against the wall. 


Chapter 201: Inquiry 


Klein held his breath with his back against the wall as he faced 
the darkness of the corridor. 


What’s Captain doing? What’s wrong with him? Was he drinking 
blood? Is this a sign of him losing control? Klein’s mind was a 
mess, incapable of effective thought. 


Nearly twenty seconds later, Klein clenched his teeth. With the 
help of the control he had over his body as a Clown, he silently 
made his way down the stairs. 


Later, he then intentionally took heavier footsteps and made his 
way back to the door of Madam Sharon’s bedroom. 


Klein looked in to see the Captain wrapping Sealed Artifact 3-0271 
with the black cloth. His expression was serious, his face clean. 


It was as though what Klein had seen just now was only an 
illusion. 


Glancing sideways, Klein saw nothing abnormal with Kenley’s 
body. It was the same as it had been. 


He inhaled and asked, “Captain, how am I going to confirm if 
those servants are still asleep? I can’t make an accurate 
judgment just based on Spirit Vision alone. They'll have various 
emotional reactions due to their dreams which will be reflected 
in the color of their auras.” 


Dunn Smith fiddled with the Spirit Medium Mirror and was 
silent for a few seconds. He said with a raspy voice, “I’m sorry. I 
forgot about that. I've made too many mistakes tonight. 


“There’s no need for you to check, I'll confirm it.” 


He lifted his hand and pressed his glabella, then he closed his 
eyes, allowing formless ripples to spread towards the first floor. 


It was crystal-clear to a Nightmare if anyone was asleep or not. 


Klein froze when he saw this. He looked down and bit at the 
insides of his lips. 


Captain, were you really drawing me away just now... 


What are you doing? Do you know what you’re doing... 


He abruptly turned to look at the window, only to see the 
crimson moon hanging high in the sky, seemingly unchanged 
for thousands of years. 


After collecting himself, Klein used the cover of picking up his 
tarot cards, revolver, half top hat, and other items to closely 
examine the corpses of Kenley and Madam Sharon. 


They maintained the same look as when they died, but their 
skin was turning pale at a rapid rate. They also had tinges of 
blue and black marks. 


It’s a little weird, they seem to be missing something... It’s not 


something specific, but more of a feeling... Klein muttered to 
himself. He felt his hair stand on end due to the chilly wind 
blowing through the shattered window. 


At that moment, Dunn opened his eyes and said in a deep voice, 
“They're all still asleep, but some of them are close to waking 
up.” 


by 


“That’s good, that’s good...’ 
knowing what he was saying. 


Klein looked at the Captain, not 


Dunn surveyed the surroundings and said, “Clean up the scene, 
then get someone from the nearest police station to come over. 
Oh, and make a trip back to Zouteland Street and get Frye to 
come help out.” 


Klein gave the Captain a deep look and nodded with his teeth 
clenched. 


“Okay.” 


With Dunn’s help, Klein quickly cleaned up the scene and left 
Madam Sharon’s house through the front door. 


Walking through the garden and coming outside, Klein couldn’t 
help but look back. All he saw was the silent nursery in the 
darkness. There was no light at all. 


He turned, his heart heavy. He soon located the nearest police 
station based on his memory—this was common knowledge to 
the Nighthawks. 


Knock. Knock. Knock. Klein knocked on the steel door. 


Sometime later, the officer on duty passed through the courtyard 
with a lantern in hand. He opened the door and observed Klein 
suspiciously. 


“What’s the matter?” 


Klein failed to force any expression. With a heavy face, he 
produced his documents and showed it to the police officer. 


“There’s a serious murder case at 15 Osna Street. Immediately 
call for other officers to head there to help out!” 


The police officer lifted his lantern and scrutinized the 
documents before putting his feet together and saluted. 


“Yes, sir!” 


Having settled this, Klein headed back to Zouteland Street on a 
rental carriage. 


On the way back, he sat in the dark carriage. His thoughts were 
in a mess and unfocused. 


Kenley is dead... 


I remember that he was recently engaged... His parents are still 
alive... 


What was the Captain doing just now... 


Does he crave fresh blood... 


or does he have other motives... 


His memory is still as poor as before, without any obvious 
improvement. Th-this means that he doesn’t have the warning 
signs of losing control! 


But he’s known about the “acting method” for some time now. 
Does the fact that his memory hasn’t improved mean that there’s 
a problem... 


No! It must be because the Captain is still figuring out the proper 
way to act as a Nightmare! 


... Yes, the most important reasons why Kenley died was because of 
Sealed Artifact 3-0271. It was the Captain who gave it to him... 


What am I thinking! It was a logical decision back then! 


..It was also the Captain who suggested using Sealed Artifact 
3-0271... 


Calm down, calm down, I cannot make blind guesses. But I cannot 
wait around either, or the situation might worsen! 


I'll send a letter to Madam Daly later and see if she knows what 
this situation means. Even if she doesn’t know the exact answer, 
she'll definitely understand the signs of danger and inform the 


Holy Cathedral... 


That way, we can smother the problem in the cradle and get the 
Captain back to normal! 


No, the Captain might not have a problem. I might’ve 
misunderstood something. I'll see what Madam Daly saus... 


Klein had already made a decision when the carriage arrived at 
36 Zouteland Street. He was no longer flustered and helpless as 
before. 


He went up the stairway toward the entrance of the Blackthorn 
Security Company with heavy steps and opened the door from a 
key he fished out. 


The familiar setting calmed him down considerably. It reminded 
him of how he felt when he asked the Captain for help every 
time something was wrong. 


Taking a deep breath, Klein went to the recreation room and 
found Frye reading alone under the gas lamp. 


Frye turned to look at Klein, his cold face revealing a look of 
concern and wort'y. 


“Did something happen? Where’s Captain and Kenley?” 


Klein replied with a raspy voice, “Kenley’s dead; he died at 


Madam Sharon’s hands. We all made mistakes... The Captain is 
guarding the scene. He needs your help there.” 


Before they left, the Captain had informed Frye about the general 
situation. He told Frye that if they weren't back within two 
hours, he was to send a telegraph to the Holy Cathedral. 
Similarly, since they had to apply for Sealed Artifact 3-0271 and 
enter Chanis Gate at night, Royale, who was guarding Chanis 
Gate was also notified of the mission. According to the internal 
guidelines of the Nighthawks, a Captain could permit the 
opening of Chanis Gate at night. If the Captain was present, then 
only the Captain could enter. 


Frye froze for a moment, then he let out a sigh. He drew a 
crimson moon on his chest. 


He put on his coat and hat and headed out the door. When he 
walked past Klein, he suddenly said softly, “You don’t need to 
blame yourself. Making mistakes is something we can never 
avoid. We must always trust our partners.” 


“Yeah...” Klein closed his eyes, his vision turning blurry. 


Klein and Frye first headed to the basement to notify Royale 
before locking the door to the Blackthorn Security Company and 
rushing to Madam Sharon’s house. 


It was nearing dawn by the time they got Kenley’s corpse and 
Madam Sharon’s half decapitated body back. 


Dunn stood in front of the mortuary, silently looking inside. It 
was some time before he turned to Klein and said, “Go home 
first. You just experienced an intense battle, you must be 
exhausted.” 


“Alright.” Klein didn’t reject the suggestion. 


He puckered his lips and stole a glance at the Captain before 
quietly leaving the Blackthorn Security Company. He took a 
carriage back to Daffodil Street. 


Just as he had done the previous time, he easily entered his 
bedroom and locked the door. 


Taking out the silver ritual dagger, Klein sealed the room with a 
wall of spirituality. He then sat at his desk and wrote urgently: 


“Dear Madam Daly, 


“Ive noticed that there’s something odd about the Captain 
recently. During a mission, he secretly...” 


Klein stopped when he reached this point. His mind had gone 
blank. He didn’t know how to continue or how to describe the 
incident. 


Pa! 


He threw the pen and crumpled the piece of paper in front of 
him into a ball. Looking at it, he pounded heavily on the table, 
sending a reverberating thump across the room. Klein closed his 
eyes and covered his face with his hands. He didn’t move, as if 
he had become a statue. 


Five minutes later, he sighed. He put down his right hand and 
burned the ball of paper with his spirituality. He watched it turn 
to ash as it fell into the bin. 


After organizing his thoughts, Klein took out a fresh piece of 
paper and wrote: 


“Dear Madam Daly, 


“We just completed a mission and regrettably lost a partner. The 
exact details are as follows... 


“Back then, I felt that with my present standards, my Spirit 
Vision was incapable of accurately ascertaining whether the 
servants were asleep or not, and that it was very troublesome to 
do divinations for every one of them. Thus, I returned with the 
intention of asking for the Captain’s advice. At that moment, 
through the mirror’s reflection, I saw the Captain kneeling 
beside Kenley’s corpse, with crimson blood covering his mouth. 


“lm not sure what exactly happened, nor do I know the state the 
Captain is in. I hope that you can give me an answer.” 


After writing this, Klein read the letter again with a heavy heart 
before folding it in half. 


He then set up a ritual and activated his Spirit Vision to summon 
Daly’s messenger. He summoned the strange face which was 
only a mouth without any eyes or nose. 


He saw the red tongue laced with irregular sharp teeth and five 
pale fingers on the tip of the tongue. Klein silently handed the 
letter over. 


When everything was restored back to normal again, he sat 
down and continued writing. 


This time, he planned to ask Mr. Azik. 


“..On a recent mission, something strange happened to my 
superior. He sent me away and kneeled beside the corpse of a 
teammate. His mouth was covered in crimson blood. 


“Have you encountered something like this in your memories 
before? How can I help my superior?” 


Chapter 202: Confirming the Situation 


After folding the letter, Klein took out the copper whistle, put it to 
his lips, and blew hard. 


In the silence, illusory white bones came flying up from the desk 
like a fountain and finally formed a huge monster. It was almost 
four meters tall, still covered in a faint glow. Its head was still 
poking through the ceiling, looking no different from before. 


Klein flicked his wrist and threw the letter. The white bone 
monster caught the letter and gripped it tight 


Klein blew the copper whistle again and saw the messenger 
break into illusory white bones and fall like rain before 
vanishing through the surface of the desk. 


Klein felt much calmer after finishing everything, but he didn’t 
stop trying. He moved the chair back and stood up. He then 
walked four steps counterclockwise and entered the world above 
the gray fog. 


The lofty palace and the ancient mottled table appeared before 
his eyes, as though it would stay the same for tens of thousand 
of years. 


Klein sat at The Fool’s seat of honor. Then, he took out the spirit 
pendulum from his left sleeve and conjured a yellowish-brown 
goatskin and a fountain pen in front of him. 


He wanted to divine the Captain’s situation that night! 


After some thought, Klein wrote the first divination statement. 


“Dunn Smith’s abnormality would lead me into danger.” 


In mysticism, divination that involved any danger to the diviner 
was hardest to interfere. It was an instinctual ability of 
Spirituality. 


In other words, as long as there wasn’t an extremely strong 
disturbance, Klein would be able to get an accurate result from 
the divination about his own situation. 


This was also the reason why he would divine if there was 
danger in the mission even though he knew that Madam Sharon 
had the ability to interfere with divination. He also knew that 
Madam Sharon wasn’t strong enough to affect this kind of 
divination. 


In order to determine Captain Dunn Smith’s situation, he decided 
to eliminate all disturbances and perform the divination above 
the gray fog. 


He held the pendulum with his left hand as he recited the 
divination statement seven times. He closed his eyes and 
entered a Cogitation state. 


After a few seconds, he opened his eyes and they returned to 
their normal color. 


He looked at the topaz pendant, and he felt heavy-hearted 
because the pendulum was spinning clockwise. The rotation 
wasn’t small, nor was the speed slow. 


It meant that the result was positive. 


It meant that Dunn Smith’s abnormality would lead him to 
danger! 


And the danger level was significant! 


After he closed his eyes, Klein “wiped” away the previous content 
and wrote down a new divination statement. 


“The reason for Dunn Smith’s abnormality.” 


He put away the topaz pendant and leaned back into the chair. 
He recited the divination statement as he entered a dream with 
the aid of Cogitation. 


In the blurry illusory world, he couldn’t see or discover anything. 
There was nothing except gray fog. 


That means that there was insufficient information, so the 
divination failed... Klein looked at the goatskin on the long 
bronze table as he muttered bitterly and helplessly. 


Suddenly, he felt a strong feeling of exhaustion. He realized that 
it was the result of an intense battle, continuous rituals, and 
multiple divinations. 


Klein wrapped himself up with spirituality and stimulated a 
rapid descent from above the gray fog and returned to reality. 


He had a few nightmares that night. The ending of each dream 


was either Kenley vomiting his organs, or Dunn Smith with 
crimson blood around his mouth. 


The next morning, Klein was on duty at Chanis Gate so he 
arrived early at the Blackthorn Security Company. 


At that very moment, Rozanne, Mrs. Orianna, and the other 
clerks had yet to arrive for work. Klein walked through the 
partition and saw the wide open door and Dunn Smith, who was 
seated in the Captain’s office. 


Dunn had taken off his coat, and he only had his white shirt and 
black vest on. He sat in his seat while he held a cup of coffee in 
his hands. He was staring at the wall in front of him blankly. 


His hair seemed dry, his gray eyes looked dull, and his face was 
showing obvious signs of weariness too. 


Even for the Captain, who’s experienced many similar incidents, 
it’s still unbearable to lose two teammates in such a short period 
of time... Klein’s heart winced as the scene of the shattered full- 
body mirror reflecting Dunn kneeling before Kenley’s corpse with 
his face covered in crimson blood appeared once again. 


Klein clenched his teeth and looked away. 


After nearly twenty seconds, he composed himself and extended 
his hand to knock on the Captain’s door. 


Knock! Knock! Knock! 


Dunn put down his coffee cup as his gray eyes became deep 
again. 


He took a deep breath and said, “I’ve reported the matter to the 
Holy Cathedral, and they gave an initial reply. 


“The Church will compensate Kenley’s family with 3000 pounds, 
and the police department will give 1000 pounds as bereavement 
payment...” 


A total of 4000 pounds. To most middle-class citizens, that’s 
wealth that can’t be earned in a lifetime... Kenley’s weekly salary 
was seven pounds, making an annual income of 364 pounds. 
Adding in any bonuses and additional income, he would make at 
least 380 pounds. Four thousand pounds is equivalent to ten years 
of his income... Such wealth can provide at least 200 pounds of 
income a year... Although money cannot make up for the loss of 
Kenley, it’s the only effective thing at the moment... Klein had 
many thoughts passing through his mind before he finally 
sighed. 


“That’s all we can do.” 


The Church of Evernight couldn’t be faulted when it came to 
such matters. 


Dunn pulled his collar and said in a deep voice, “Go to the 
basement and take over Royale’s shift.” 


“Alright.” Klein nodded slightly. 


He turned around and walked towards the door. Then, he heard 
Captain add as though he was talking to himself, “We'll send 


Kenley home later...” 


Send Kenley home... His father, his mother, his siblings, his 
fiancée, how will they react... Klein’s heart tightened, and he was 
somehow glad that he didn’t have to face such sorrow. 


He knew it was the mentality of an escapist, but he was really 
afraid of seeing the agony in the eyes of Kenley’s parents, or how 
his fiancée would seem to lose her soul. He was afraid to see 
their expressions of hidden resentment and afraid of hearing 
their sobbing. 


Klein quickened his pace and hurried to Chanis Gate. He 
completed the shift change with Royale in silence. 


He sat in the duty room and occasionally took out his silver 
pocket watch and watched the time pass by slowly. 


After an unknown period of time, Klein suddenly heard illusory 
sounds that overlapped one another. 


He saw the four black dots appear on the back of his hand and 
understood that it was either Justice, The Hanged Man, or The 
Sun praying to him. 


He had no way to answer them immediately. He could only wait 
till the notification ended, for more prayers to come, and until 
the next morning when he returned home. 


Having just fished his keys to open the door to his house, Klein 
saw the maidservant Bella wiping the dining table while his 
sister, Melissa, who was dressed up, and his brother, Benson, 
came downstairs. 


“Didn’t you just go to Mass last week?” Klein asked curiously. 


Benson smiled and said, “That sounds like the memory of a 
person who hasn’t gotten any sleep the entire night.” 


“Huh?” Klein looked even more confused. 


“Today is the first day that ‘The Return of the Count’ will be 
releasing tickets for sale,” Melissa explained. 


Klein smacked his forehead and took off his hat. 


“Tve been too busy recently. I totally forgot about it.” 


Especially these past three days... He added with a sigh. 


Melissa looked at him with concern and said, “Your breakfast is 
in the kitchen. Eat it and get some sleep. Benson and I thought 
that since we're going out, we might as well drop by Saint Selena 
Cathedral to have Mass.” 


“Alright.” Klein waved and bade his brother and sister farewell. 
He had a simple breakfast and returned to his bedroom. 


After he did the preparatory work, he took four steps 
counterclockwise and entered the world above the gray fog. He 
saw that Justice and The Hanged Man’s corresponding crimson 
stars were burgeoning and shrinking faintly. 


He extended his right hand and emanated his spirituality. Then, 
blurry images formed before Klein’s eyes. Miss Justice’s prayer 


sounded in his ears. 


“I pray for you to listen. 


“Because of the Qilangos incident, my father hired a Beyonder to 
protect me. There are also others who are watching over me 
secretly. It wasn’t easy for me to finally find an opportunity to 
pray to you. I would like to apply for leave from the Gathering 
next week. I believe this will pass soon.” 


Klein subconsciously glanced at the blurry image. The image was 
filled with fog, and there seemed to be a huge bathtub with 
rippling water. Miss Justice was wrapped in a bath towel. 


He retracted his gaze and started listening to The Hanged Man’s 
prayer. 


His description was different from Justice’s, but he was making 
the same request. He too needed to ask for leave due to the 
aftermath of Qilangos’s death. 


Klein nodded slightly and responded to their prayers 
respectively. 


“Tm aware.” 


Then, he sent a message to The Sun’s crimson star. 


“The upcoming Gathering will be canceled temporarily.” 


City of Silver. 


Derrick Berg was paying attention in the training field. The sky 
above his head was still dark, with occasional flashes of 
lightning that lit up the sky. 


Suddenly, his vision went blurry before he saw the thick fog and 
the ancient palace that looked like the home of a giant. He also 
saw Mr. Fool, who sat in the depths of the gray fog. 


“The upcoming Gathering will be canceled temporarily.” 


His voice reverberated, but the view before Derrick had already 
returned to normal. 


He wasn’t shocked at such a magical incident because Mr. Fool 
contacted him in this manner to remind him before every 
Gathering. 


Derrick looked up at the woman in front of him subconsciously, 
a member of the City of Silver’s six-member council, Shepherd 
Lovia. 


This terrifying expert kept switching between a smile and being 
aloof. She told every young man at the training field that they 
would join the patrolling troops soon and rid the dark monsters 
in the vicinity. That wouldn't be training anymore. 


Elder Lovia didn’t notice anything strange... She seems to be 
getting weirder. Is it because there’s a High-Sequence Beyonder’s 


evil spirit among her Grazing souls? Derrick thought. 


Klein returned to his bedroom, threw himself into bed, and 
quickly fell asleep. He dreamed about what had happened these 
past few days. 


Suddenly, he felt like he was being shaken by someone, and he 
suddenly woke up. 


Klein opened eyes and saw a gigantic white bone hand. 


The hand paused and threw the letter on the bed. Then, it 
vanished into thin air. 


Mr. Azik’s reply... Klein grabbed the letter, full of hope. 


Chapter 202: Mutant 


Klein opened the letter, feeling both expectant and nervous 
before he began reading Azik’s reply. 


“1 thought about a few possibilities regarding the scenario you 
described, and I remembered a few things about Vampires and 
Mutants. 


“Natural vampires were already on the brink of extinction before 
the dragons and giants bowed out of the stage of world history. 
Later on, they might occasionally be discovered. The Vampires 
we usually talk about, as well as those mentioned in folklore, are 
more similar to Beyonders. I recall that the name of a potion ina 
particular pathway is called Vampire. 


“If your superior is now in a half-insane state, then it’s very 
likely that he mistakenly consumed such a potion. The result of 
mixing two potions from different pathways makes a half- 
insane state a certainty. Yes, I vaguely remember the pathway of 
the Evernight, which is also the Sleepless pathway as you know 
it, can be interchanged at High Sequences with the pathway of 
Death and the pathway of Giants. But it doesn’t include the 
Vampire pathway. 


“Of course, we cannot rule out the possibility that your superior 
might have accepted it willingly. After all, Vampires have a long 
life, an exceptional constitution, and excellent looks. When 
compared with these benefits, accepting a state of half-insanity 
is reasonable.” 


Klein froze when he read the letter. He didn’t expect Mr. Azik to 
provide him with this much information. 


The Death pathway is also known as the Corpse Collector pathway. 
It can be interchanged at High Sequences with the Sleepless 
pathway. I knew about this from Emperor Roselle’s diary. But to 
think that it can also be interchanged with the Giant pathway 
after Sequence 4... The Giant pathway is the one that the City of 
Silver possesses, which is also the present-day God of Combat 
pathway... I’ve always suspected that Giant King Aurmir was the 
ancient God of Combat... 


Yes, Emperor Roselle’s diary described the Church of Evernight and 
the Church of the God of Combat as mortal enemies... Could this be 
because the pathways they possess can be interchanged at higher 
sequences? 


If I follow this line of thought, I can find an explanation as to why 
the three ancient churches, the Church of Storms, the Church of 
the Eternal Blazing Sun, and the Church of the God of Knowledge 
and Wisdom, are at odds with each other. That’s because the 
pathways of Sailor, Bard, and Reader can be interchanged at High 
Sequences! 


Yes, during the end of the previous Epoch, the Pale Era, it ‘s likely 
that the fall of Death was caused by the Evernight Goddess and the 
God of Combat... 


The Captain is perfectly fine usually, other than his poor memory. 
He doesn’t show any signs of half-insanity. I can rule out the 
possibility of him consuming the Vampire potion! 


Mr. Azik has recalled quite a number of things recently... Could 
the Creeping Hunger have really stimulated his memories? 


Klein nodded and continued reading the letter. 


“Mutant isn’t the name of a particular species. It’s more like the 


description for many similar creatures. Under normal 
circumstances, they're no different from an ordinary human, 
but there is an innate, suppressed, twisted desire in their hearts. 
This desire erupts when they come into contact with a certain 
scene or object. They become monsters, succumbing to their 
desires for blood and massacre. 


“After everything settles, they will return to normal again. They 
become slightly more merciless and unfeeling after each time 
their desires erupt, this will continue until their souls are 
completely twisted. 


“The only example of this that I can recall is the werewolf. 
Theyre similar to humans for the most part, and they cannot be 
distinguished using most Beyonder abilities. But, during the full 
moon, the twisted desires in their hearts intensify, and their 
bodies also change accordingly. 


“your superior might be a potential Mutant. The death of your 
teammate might have triggered his true nature. 


“These are all my personal guesses. I cannot guarantee that 
there are no other possibilities since I haven’t gotten all my 
memories back. Perhaps your theory of this being a precursor to 
losing control can also explain this. 


“There’s no saving him whether he has consumed the Vampire 
potion, or if he’s a Mutant. Of course, many people have 
theorized that Mutants were originally ordinary human beings, 
but were put under a strange curse or corrupted by some evil god 
or devil, and, thus, transform into a different monster under 
certain circumstances. 


“Also, I’m not too sure if you can treat him when you notice the 
warning signs of losing control. I would advise that you report 
this directly to your superior’s superior and hope that there’s still 


time.” 


Klein looked gravely at the desk after placing the letter down. He 
slipped into deep thought. 


He had to admit that the theory of a Mutant was a very possible 
one, but he couldn’t eliminate the possibility that it was a 
warning sign to him losing control. 


All I can do is wait for Madam Daly’s reply... I sent the letter two 
nights ago, so she should’ve received the letter yesterday morning. 
If she replied immediately, I should’ve seen the letter last night or 
this morning... It’s almost noon... Does that messenger not dare to 
go near Chanis Gate? Or was Madam Daly held up by something? 
Klein shook his head. He still felt exhausted and used Cogitation 
to force himself to sleep. 


In the hazy world, Klein was suddenly jolted to his senses. He 
knew that he was dreaming. 


He then saw Dunn Smith in his black trench coat appear in front 
of him. 


Responding in a manner congruent with a normal dream, Klein 
gave a delayed greeting, “Good morning... Captain...” 


Dunn nodded slightly and said, “Leonard found a clue when he 
was investigating the Lanevus case. He needs your help. The 
Mystery Pryer that the Holy Cathedral sent over won’t arrive 
until tomorrow morning because of a train fault.” 


“Alright...” Klein replied in a fleeting voice. 


Dunn thought for a moment before adding, “There’s no need for 
you to return to Zouteland Street. Head to 62 Howes Street 
directly. Leonard will be there waiting for you. It’s been hard on 
you.” 


The moment he finished his sentence, Klein’s dream shattered. 
Klein instinctively opened his eyes. 


Howes Street... Isn’t that the area where the Divination Club, my 
classmate Welch, and the member of the Aurora Order lived? 
There sure are many incidents lately, one after another, as if 
they’re culminating in something... Klein thought as he got up 
slowly. He washed up in the bathroom before changing into a 
white shirt, brown vest, and black trench coat. He then picked up 
his hat and went down to the living room. 


It wasn’t eleven yet, and Benson and Melissa hadn’t returned 
home. Klein informed Bella that he was going out and that she 
didn’t need to prepare lunch for him. 


He then took a public carriage to Howes Street and saw the 
messy-haired Midnight Poet—Leonard Mitchell, whose hair 
exuded beauty, waiting for him in at building 62. 


Leonard was still in a thin white shirt despite the chilly 
September weather. He had paired it with beige pants. He swept 
his green eyes at Klein. 


“This might be the building rented by Lanevus under a false 
name.” 


“How did you figure it out?” Klein asked out of curiosity. 


Leonard pointed to his head. 


“Since you found a clue from Hood Eugen and suspected that 
Lanevus was likely connected to that member of the Aurora 
Order—the cloth merchant Sirius Arapis—I had to change my 
line of thinking after my normal investigations revealed 
nothing. I started investigating the Aurora Order. 


“The previous report told me that Sirius had interactions with 
many of the residents on Howes Street, so I searched every one 
of them and found a problem with this one.” 


“What problem?” Klein asked. 


Leonard raised his brows. “An obvious problem. The guest here 
appears very rarely. He claimed to be going to the Southern 
Continent to do business after Hanass Vincent’s death and never 
returned. His records are very realistic, and the police didn’t 
discover anything.” 


“This could only be a coincidence.” Klein creased his brows. 


“Of course, a coincidence. But when I showed the residents 
around here Lanevus’s picture, an old man felt that he looked 
similar to the resident at number 62, other than his different 
glasses.” Leonard took out a black-and-white photograph from 
his pocket. 


Why didn’t you say so earlier... Klein lampooned inwardly. He 
entered 62 Howes Street with Leonard, and at Leonard’s request, 
he started to divine if there were any hidden compartments or 
secret chambers. 


The result was yes! 


“The secret chamber or hidden compartment in this building.” 


Klein wrote down another divination statement. He took a seat 
on the sofa and closed his eyes as he recited the statement. 


Seven times later, he entered a dream. His vision was blurry. 


In the blurry world, Klein saw a wooden bookshelf. He saw rows 
upon rows of books. He saw that one of the books had been 
taken away. He saw the wooden surface beside the book open, 
revealing a hidden compartment. 


The scene quickly disappeared as Klein opened his eyes and told 
Leonard, “In the study.” 


Klein wound the topaz pendulum around his wrist and followed 
Leonard into the study. He saw the wooden bookshelf he had 
seen in his dream. 


“Pull out that book, the place it’s covering has a hidden 
compartment.” Klein pointed at the book nearest to the sides. 


“So it’s here... I couldn’t find anything when I searched the place, 
and I had no choice but to return to Zouteland Street to request 
for help,” Leonard grumbled as he walked over. He pulled out the 
book Klein had pointed out. 


After searching the area, he finally found the mechanism to 
open the hidden compartment. 


A letter lay silently in the hidden compartment. 


A letter? Lanevus hid a letter here? Klein found it extremely 
strange. 


After he divined to see if there was anything dangerous within 
the letter and received a negative answer, Leonard picked up the 
letter and opened the unmarked envelope. 


Leonard pulled out the letter within and unfolded it. 


Klein leaned forward to get a look of its contents. All he saw 
were the first few paragraphs of the letter: 


“Hahaha, congratulations. Congratulations on finally finding 
this letter! 


“This means that you're not too stupid, nor too slow. You qualify 
to take part in this game of life and death that I’ve designed. 


“Child laborers that die before their time. Factory workers who 
seldom live past ten years after entering the factory because of 
their working conditions. Female workers who risk severe 
illnesses for a meager salary. I see boundless resentment 
surrounding every factory, turning the surroundings oppressive 
and gloomy. This is the worst of times, and also the best of 
times. Our game shall take place under such a setting. 


“Fools, prepare yourselves, I’m going to issue you a hint!” 


Chapter 204: Visitor 


Klein and Leonard lifted their gaze from the letter and 
exchanged glances. They muttered, “He’s crazy, right?” 


“Lanevus is secretly a lunatic?” 


A lunatic who truly has a delusional disorder and an antisocial 
personality... Klein thought and felt a tug at his heartstrings. He 
quickly redirected his gaze to the letter. 


“Ladies and gentlemen, the hint is that I've placed a bomb in 
Tingen, a bomb that will grow stronger over time. 


“Seek it and finish it before it explodes. If you lose the game, 
there will be a boom, and the entire city of Tingen will be 
reduced to a ruin. Trust me, I’m not lying at all about this. 


“—Lanevus, who enjoys giving his friends pleasant surprises.” 


“A bomb?” Klein looked at Leonard and muttered to himself, 
perplexed. 


Leonard held the letter up to the sunlight and looked as he 
flipped it around. He didn’t find any other clues. 


“The term ‘bomb’ is probably an expression. I’ve never heard of a 
bomb that can grow stronger.” 


Klein creased his eyebrows and said thoughtfully, “No, I mean, 
he might be using ‘bomb’ to reference something in mysticism. 
Such as an evil ritual that continuously accumulates power...” 


Leonard cocked his head as though he was listening to 
something when suddenly, his facial expression grew solemn. 


He nodded as his green eyes constricted. “Maybe youre right. 
Isn’t there a description at the beginning of the letter? Child 
laborers that die before their time, factory workers who seldom 
live past ten years after entering the factory because of their 
working conditions, female workers who risk severe illnesses for 
a meager salary... Boundless resentment surrounding every 
factory... Perhaps, that might be the energy source that 
constantly strengthens Lanevus’s bomb.” 


“Yes... that’s very possible!” Klein suddenly tensed up and said, 
“We need to report to the Captain immediately!” 


Leonard laughed and said, “There’s no need to be so nervous. You 
should know that Lanevus is a Swindler. The part where he said 
that he didn’t lie might be a lie itself. 


“Of course, regardless, we have to return to Zouteland Street to 
report to the Captain. It’s best if we can request the Holy 
Cathedral to send a mysticism expert over and find the location 
of the altar through the abnormal accumulation of resentment.” 


Someone is apparently very familiar with protocol... But why 
would the setup of such an altar need Hood Eugen’s help? What 
role does a Psychiatrist play in this? Klein didn’t object to the 
idea. He left 62 Howes Street with Leonard and rushed back to 
Zouteland Street on a hired carriage. 


Just as they entered the Blackthorn Security Company’s door, 


Klein saw two familiar faces, one voluptuous and one scrawny. 
They were Maynard’s wife and sister. 


They were still in black dresses and black hats. The fine 
checkered black gauze concealed their faces. 


The two ladies were chatting with Rozanne, and when they 
suddenly saw Klein’s return, they turned around and walked 
forward. 


“you really are the cream of the crop in this industry.” Mrs. 
Maynard nodded slightly and said in a low voice, “I’m very 
pleased with the outcome and am also impressed with your 
work approach. Here’s the reward that you deserve.” 


The scrawny woman passed a light brown paper bag to Klein. It 
was filled with thick stacks of cash. There were ten pound notes, 
five pound notes, one pound notes, and also five soli and one 
soli. 


“It’s a total of 230 pounds,” the scrawny lady stated simply. 


Klein was in no mood to pay any attention to the money. He 
passed it to Rozanne and said, “Take this to Mrs. Orianna. I doubt 
the two respectable women would make a mistake counting the 
money.” 


At that moment, the corner of his eyes caught the Tingen City 
Honest Paper in Mrs. Maynard’s hands. On the most eye- 
catching spot on the front page, there were two pieces of news. 


Old baron’s widow dies in involvement with MP Maynard’s 
murder. 


Mauyor Dennis takes the blame for the worsening public security in 
Tingen for the past three months and resigns. 


So that’s the official excuse for Madam Sharon’s case? I’ve yet to 
read the newspaper today... Klein nodded at the two ladies and 
followed Leonard through the partition to the Captain’s office. 


“How was it? Did you find any clues?” Dunn Smith closed his 
document, lifted his head, and looked at Klein and Leonard with 
his deep gray eyes. 


“We found a letter that was left behind by Lanevus.” Leonard 
didn’t provide any further descriptions and simply passed the 
Captain the letter filled with madness and provocation. 


Dunn opened the letter and scanned through it quickly. He 
rubbed his temples as he said, “He really is a lunatic.” 


“He’s only a Sequence 8, Sequence 7 at most.” 


Klein agreed from the bottom of his heart. “Lanevus is a 
dangerous figure who can damage the stability of social order. 
Even though he’s weak, we can’t belittle him.” 


Then, he told Captain about his and Leonard’s assumption. 


Dunn touched his receding hairline as he said, “That was my 
thought as well. I'll immediately send a telegram to the Holy 
Cathedral and ask them to send a mysticism expert over for 
assistance. 


“Who knows how dangerous Lanevus’s bomb could be. We have 


to be extremely careful. When the Holy Cathedral replies to me, 
rll arrange for the follow-up.” 


Klein and Leonard exchanged’ glances and _ nodded 
simultaneously as they said, “Alright.” 


Seizing the moment when Captain was sending a telegram to 
the Holy Cathedral, Klein returned to the reception hall to grab a 
copy of the Tingen City Honest Paper from Rozanne. 


He stood at the partition and read the two articles with full 
concentration. 


“..The widow of the old baron of the Khoy family, Madam 
Sharon, was suspected to be involved in the sudden death of 
Member of Parliament Maynard... The police received a tip and 
took action at night. They discovered that Madam Sharon and 
her accomplice had knocked out her servants to carry out a 
pagan ceremony in her bedroom. They refused to surrender and 
attempted to resist arrest, resulting in the death of a heroic 
police officer. 


“Finally, Madam Sharon and her accomplice paid the price for 
their evil deeds with their lives.” 


“..Mayor Dennis takes the blame for the worsening public 
security in Tingen and resigns. He also announced that he 
wouldn’t be running for reelection next year. For the next few 
months, Deputy Mayor Mr. Harry will take on _ the 
responsibilities of mayor.” 


A heroic police officer... Is that the description of Kenley? Klein 
sighed and knew that it was the best way of handling the 
situation. 


According to the internal rules of the Nighthawks, in order to 
prevent the forces of evil from taking revenge on their family 
members, their names would be kept confidential even if they 
sacrificed their lives. 


He folded the newspaper quietly and returned it to the reception 
desk. Klein suddenly saw a visitor who walked through the 
entrance. 


She was a young lady, in her twenties at most. She was in a 
ruffled hat and loose dress. She had lovely facial features, blonde 
hair, green eyes, and also a depressed yet silent temperament. 
She was quite a beauty. 


The most eye-catching thing about her was her stomach that 
bulged out. She looked like she was more than seven months 
pregnant. 


Klein was stunned, and he felt that he had seen the young 
pregnant lady before. 


Suddenly, he heard Leonard say in surprise, “Miss Megose?” 


Megose... Yes, the young lady who was conned by Lanevus! She’s 
pregnant with Lanevus’s child, and as such, there might be 
something wrong with her mental health. She says her child sings 
in her stomach and also whistles... Klein was suddenly 


enlightened and he wasn’t surprised that Leonard knew Megose. 


When they relaunched the investigations of people related to 
Lanevus, the lady’s photo had been seen by every Nighthawk. 


Klein knew her even earlier. Her aunt Christina, whose savings 
had been conned by Lanevus, had brought her to the Divination 
Club to ask for help. Her aunt even asked if the child in her 
stomach could be used for divination. 


Then, as Megose heard Leonard’s voice, she looked over at the 
both of them vacantly and replied politely, “Hello.” 


“Miss Megose, what brings you here to the Blackthorn Security 
Company? Do you have anything that you'd like us to do for 
you?” Klein took two steps forward and asked. 


He was very confused by Megose’s sudden visit. He felt it was an 
extreme coincidence. 


We just found Lanevus’s letter, and Megose comes visiting? 


Megose touched her stomach and smiled faintly. 


“Somehow or other, I suddenly thought of coming to Zouteland 
Street and suddenly thought of coming up to take a look.” 


Her mental health seems to have worsened... Klein recalled that 
he hadn’t managed to activate his Spirit Vision and check on 
Megose’s situation previously. Hence, he lifted his teeth and was 
about to tap his left molars. 


Just then, a series of thoughts screamed through his head in 
increasing intensity. 


“Don’t look! 


“Don’t look! Don’t look! 


“You'll die! 


“You'll die if you look! 


“You'll die if you look!” 


Klein stood rooted on the spot like a statue as his forehead was 
covered in cold sweat. 


It was like having a deep and heavy nightmare that he nearly 
couldn’t wake up from. 


Suddenly, he understood something. He had failed to activate his 
Spirit Vision the last time because his spirituality had noticed an 
unimaginable danger. It slowed him down subconsciously, so he 
missed the opportunity and forgot the follow-up. 


At that point, Klein had yet to digest the Seer potion entirely, and 
he had yet to advance to Sequence 8, so the warnings of 
Spirituality were very subtle and difficult to notice. But now, 
Clown’s spiritual foresight was so clear and obvious! 


After nearly twenty seconds, Klein finally shook off his paralysis. 
He looked sideways at Leonard and realized that the Midnight 
Poet was also covered in cold sweat, and his eyes were filled with 
horror. 


Suddenly, Klein understood what the bomb Lanevus was 
referring to! 


It’s the baby in Megose’s stomach! 


It’s the baby that he left behind! 


Klein suddenly associated the description in the letter with Hood 
Eugen’s answers, and he suddenly remembered something that 
he read in Emperor Roselle’s diary. 


“I started the Industrial Revolution with my own hands and 
personally ushered in the Age of Steam and Machinery, but this 
will only become the hotbed for the descent of an Evil God upon 
this world?” 


Klein’s pupils constricted as he thought of a possibility that he 
instinctually refused to admit. 


No! That’s not right! 


The baby in Megose’s stomach can’t be the son of some evil god or 
an evil god waiting to descend upon the world! 


No! Why would Hood Eugen do such a silly thing! Although his 
Psychiatrist power can help Lanevus fool Megose and use her as a 
spawning vessel in her semi-unconscious state... 


No! The resentment of child laborers that die before their time, 
and the factory workers and female workers who live less than ten 
years aren’t helping the son of an evil god to grow rapidly! 


No! 


D-do not look directly at God... 


Chapter 205: Urgent Arrangement 


Klein instinctively reached for his pockets. He held the Flaring 
Sun Charm in one hand and Azik’s copper whistle in the other. 


He acutely noticed that the cold, gentle Beyonder feedback of the 
latter had vanished as if it was being suppressed by an invisible 
power. However, the former was still warm and comforting. 


Making use of this comforting feeling, Klein entered a half 
Cogitation state. He blocked out his feelings of worry and didn’t 
leave anything to chance. 


He turned and shot a look at Leonard Mitchell, then tipped his 
chin toward Megose. 


He then controlled his expression with his Clown abilities and 
smiled at Megose. 


“Do you want coffee, black tea, or nothing at all?” 


Megose stroked her stomach as if she was listening to 
something. 


“A cup of warm water. I suddenly thought of chatting with you 
guys about Lanevus. I have the feeling that you know a lot.” 


“Who told you that?” Leonard was no longer the frivolous guy 
that he usually was. His smile had turned rather stiff. 


Megose suddenly giggled. 


“My child told me. He knows a lot. He’s very smart!” 


Klein fought back the urge to curse. He turned to the partition 
and signaled to Leonard to keep Megose calm. 


Leonard forced a smile and pointed toward the sofa. 


“That’s exactly what Id like to talk about. We want to have a chat 
with you about Lanevus.” 


Behind the receptionist desk, Rozanne looked on in confusion. 
She suddenly realized that she didn’t need to do anything. 


Klein quickly made his way past the partition and directly 
pushed open the door to Dunn Smith’s office, then closed the 
door with a bang. 


He saw Dunn looking shocked before turning serious and saying 
in a heavy voice, “Captain, something serious has happened. I 
know what Lanevus meant by bomb!” 


Dunn stood up and pointed outside. 


“Megose?” 


He had obviously heard Leonard’s shocked exclamation, but he 
was unable to see the looks of fear and cold sweat on his 
teammates’ faces. 


Klein nodded and explained quickly, “I tried to activate my Spirit 
Vision to observe Megose to ascertain her mental condition, but 
my spirituality stopped me from making the attempt. It kept 
“warning” me not to look, that I would die if I did so! 


“This made me recall a saying, ‘Do not look directly at God.’ Even 
if the fetus in Megose’s stomach isn’t an evil god attempting to 
descend upon this world, or the spawn of an evil god, it’s 
definitely a legendary creature. 


“Captain, connecting this to the black altar in Hood Eugen’s 
memories, to his Psychiatrist abilities, to the tragic world as 
described in Lanevus’s letter, I think that my guess is quite close 
to the truth: Lanevus obtained a ritualistic magic linked to the 
True Creator from an Aurora Order member. With Hood Eugen’s 
help, he turned Megose into a vessel to gestate a certain power. 
Then, this power will make use of the resentment, oppression, 
and gloominess surrounding the factories to quickly grow until 
maturity. In other words, the ritual itself needs this resentment, 
oppression, and gloominess in order to succeed!” 


Dunn considered Klein’s words seriously for nearly twenty 
seconds before nodding with a solemn expression. 


“Tll ask for assistance from the Holy Cathedral immediately. 
Let’s hope that the baby in Megose’s stomach can still wait! 


“Of course, we can’t just sit back and do nothing. Tell Leonard to 
keep Megose calm and keep her company. Notify Mrs. Orianna, 
Rozanne, and the rest. Get all the non-combatants to evacuate! 


“Tll head to the back of Chanis Gate after I send the telegram. We 
have to prepare for the worst, which is if Megose’s baby is born 
before the arrival of reinforcements from the Holy Cathedral. 


“AS Captain of the Tingen Nighthawks, I have the authority to 
use Saint Selena’s ashes during emergencies!” 


Saint Selena’s ashes... The ashes of a High-Sequence Beyonder... 
The core seals within Chanis Gate... Klein’s worries eased a little. 
He quickly thought of other things. 


“Captain, we can also ask for reinforcements from the Mandated 
Punishers and the Machinery Hivemind; they should have 
similar holy items!” 


Klein suddenly had a stroke of inspiration as he muttered to 
himself, “Lanevus’s case was originally under the purview of the 
Mandated Punishers. Old Neil and I were there to help when one 
of their senior members lost control...” 


As he spoke softly, his voice grew to a crescendo. 


“Captain, can you ask the Mandated Punishers if the member 
who lost control was tracking or keeping Megose under 
surveillance?” 


“Are you suspecting that he lost control because he got corrupted 
by the baby in Megose’s stomach? They were responsible for 
Megose when the investigation was happening...” Dunn 
answered seriously. “We cannot delay any further. Go to Mrs. 
Orianna and the rest. I'll take this time to send a telegram to 
first ask for assistance from the Holy Cathedral, then I'll inform 
the Mandated Punishers and the Machinery Hivemind. Yes, Ill 
also have to send a telegram to the police department and see if 
they can come up with an excuse to evacuate the citizens 
nearby.” 


“Alright.” Klein had taken a few steps out of the room when he 
suddenly recalled something. He thought about the coincidence 


of Megose’s sudden visit. 


The image of the building with the red chimney appeared in his 
mind. He turned around quickly and said to Dunn, “Captain, one 
more thing. Do you remember the coincidences I told you about? 
The clue to the Antigonus familys notebook in the house 
opposite the kidnapping, Ray Bieber who didn’t make it out of 
Tingen in time, Hanass Vincent exposing himself because of a 
coincidence, and how a member of the Aurora Order lost his life 
because he chanced upon me, etc. 


“All these coincidences are very subtle and hard to detect, but the 
fact that Megose suddenly came looking for us right after we 
discovered Lanevus’s letter is too obvious and direct. This 
coincidence was already laid bare before us, it’s no longer 
hidden! I think that the person behind this will soon take center 
stage! 


“Also, why would Madam Sharon take the risk in killing Member 
of Parliament Maynard? Is this also a coincidence?” 


Dunn thought about it and gave a solemn reply, “I'll include this 
point in the telegram.” 


Klein didn’t waste any more time. He exited the office and went 
straight for the accountant’s room on the opposite side. 


Mrs. Orianna was preparing the budget for the last three months 
of the year. She wanted to complete it in advance just in case the 
Captain forgot about it again. When she saw Klein enter, she 
greeted him with a smile. 


“Lad, what claims do you have to submit today?” 


Klein exhaled. 


“Mrs. Orianna, we will be on vacation today. Go back home 
immediately.” 


Orianna froze for a while, looking at the serious face before her 
in a daze. 


A few seconds later, she stood up in a fluster. 


“alright.” 


Klein added in a hurry, “Help me inform the rest of the clerks in 
the office and the armory. I'll inform Rozanne.” 


“yes!” Orianna didn’t even pack. She grabbed her handbag and 
hurried out of the accounting office. 


She turned and stared at Klein after entering the corridor. She 
drew a crimson moon near her chest and said, “All of you will be 
blessed by the Goddess!” 


Thank you... Klein replied in silence. He made his way past the 
partition into the receptionist area only to see Leonard chatting 
with Megose about Lanevus, his expression rigid. 


Klein leaned toward Rozanne as he filled up a cup of warm 
water. He then whispered, “Go home, it’s dangerous here. Come 
back tomorrow.” 


Rozanne opened her mouth in shock but closed it again after 


seeing Klein’s stern expression. 


She lowered her head and packed for about ten seconds before 
picking up her bag and leaving the receptionist area. 


Just as she was walking past Klein, she bit on her lip and 
whispered, “To be honest, I respect the Nighthawks as much as I 
hate other people who become Beyonders...” 


After seeing the clerks evacuate the Blackthorn Security 
Company, Klein brought warm water to Megose, bent his back, 
and placed it on the table in front of her. 


“I have something to settle, Pll be back soon.” 


As he stood up, he took the opportunity to lean in towards 
Leonard’s ear and whispered, “Keep her here.” 


Leonard clenched his teeth and widened his mouth into a grin. 
He continued his conversation with Megose and noticed that 
Megose was getting a little restless, as though she was losing her 
focus. 


Klein returned to the Captain’s office, only to realize that Dunn 
had already gone underground. There was a telegram on the 
table. It was the reply from the Mandated Punishers. 


“yes. We will be there immediately.” 


Yes... The Mandated Punisher did lose control because of Megose... 
Klein couldn’t calm himself down as he made his way to the 
corridor. He didn’t know if he was waiting for the Captain to 
retrieve the holy ashes or for reinforcements to arrive. 


I wonder if High-Sequence Beyonders can teleport... I don’t think 
so... He paced around a few times, suddenly feeling peaceful. He 
saw that the gas lamps on both sides of the corridor were now 
dyed a faint blue. 


Amid the darkness, Dunn followed the stairs into the corridor. In 
his palm was a square, palm-sized box of ashes. 


This box looked as though it was made out of pure silver, but it 
also felt like it was human bones. It was carved with many 
mysterious patterns. Klein felt colder the closer he was to the 
box, it was as if the cold was rapidly seeping into his blood. 


Dunn’s face was bathed in an icy blue light. He told Klein, “Go to 
Chanis Gate and pick out a Sealed Artifact with the highest 
offensive ability. Decide exactly which one with your own 
judgment. I’ve already told Seeka and the Keepers inside. Take 
note of the hidden threats. Of those, there are three Grade 2 
Sealed Artifacts, which are...” 


“Oh, now that I’ve taken out the ashes of Saint Selena, Seeka and 
the Keepers cannot leave their positions now.” 


At this point, Frye and Royale were both at Kenley’s house for the 
funeral preparations. The Archbishop at Saint Selena Cathedral 
had gone to the countryside to preach. 


“Alright.” Klein didn’t hesitate, immediately turning towards the 
basement. 


When he was nearing the intersection, Klein suddenly stopped. 
He knew that most of the Sealed Artifacts behind Chanis Gate at 
Tingen City were Grade 3 and wouldn’t have much of an effect on 
the baby in Megose’s stomach. It was, at the very least, a 
legendary creature. 


The Mutated Sun Sacred Emblem might work, but it takes too long 
to have an effect. It’s unsuitable for this... There are only three 
Grade 2 Sealed Artifacts in Tingen City, and they’re all very 
dangerous artifacts that can easily result in my death... I estimate 
their powers to be about the same as my Flaring Sun Charm, so I 
cannot have too many reservations later. I'll use the Flaring Sun 
Charm without any hesitation! It would definitely be as powerful 
as a Grade 2 Sealed Artifact; after all, it has the power of divine 
blood in it... Klein’s mind whirled as he nodded indiscernibly. 


He felt for the Flaring Sun Charm and Azik’s copper whistle in 
his pocket, but he was surprised to find that the sensation of the 
latter was back. 


Regardless of whether it was useful or not, Klein took out a pen 
and paper set that was used for divination and wrote a short 
message. 


“The person who made my fate disharmonious and stole the 
skull of your child has appeared. He has arranged for Megose to 
enter the Blackthorn Security Company at 36 Zouteland Street. 
It’s highly likely that Megose is harboring the son of an evil god. 


“The situation is very urgent.” 


He put away his pen and folded the piece of paper. Klein took out 
the copper whistle at the intersection and blew, then watched 
the giant skeleton messenger appear before him. 


Chapter 206: Grate 2 Sealed Artifacts 


In the corridor within the deep and serene basement, the nearly 
four-meter-tall bone messenger disappeared before Klein’s eyes 
after taking the letter. 


When all that was left of the surroundings were the classic gas 
lamps embedded in the walls, he put away Azik’s copper whistle 
and walked towards Chanis Gate. 


As he was writing the letter, he had already decided on which 
Sealed Artifact to pick. 


Firstly, it would be almost impossible for the Grade 3 three 
Sealed Artifacts to have any effect on the baby in Megose’s 
stomach. Unless it was an item like the Mutated Sun Sacred 
Emblem which had hidden powers. 


But, at that very moment, in such a situation, Klein wasn’t in the 
mood to explore or research a secret that might or might not 
exist. Plus, most Sealed Artifacts would carry a certain level of 
danger for the user. So, Klein eliminated the Grade 3 Sealed 
Artifacts that would weaken the user without affecting the 
enemy. 


Secondly, the Tingen Nighthawks didn’t have any Grade 1 Sealed 
Artifacts and only three Grade 2 artifacts. That was originally a 
secret that Klein wasn’t allowed to know, but due to the urgency 
of the situation, Dunn made use of an emergency clause and told 
him the general situation. 


Dunn Smith couldn't hold any other Sealed Artifacts at the same 
time while holding Saint Selena’s ashes. 


And behind the Tingen City’s Chanis Gate, there were three Grade 
2 Sealed Artifacts: 2-030, 2-078, and 2-105. 


The name of 2- 030 was “Inexhaustible Poison.” It originated 
from a Beyonder with an unknown Sequence name who 
suddenly went mad and cut his wrist to commit suicide. He let 
his blood flow into an ordinary silver cup. But when his blood 
ran dry, the silver cup wasn’t filled, and the liquid in the cup 
became crystal-clear and alluring. It was a temptation that even 
a Sequence 5 Beyonder had failed to resist. After he drank the 
liquid, he died of poisoning on the spot. 


After the person died, the poison seeped out through his pores 
and pooled together again. Its volume was the same as before he 
drank it. Not one bit less. 


Dunn said that the researchers in the Holy Cathedral suspected 
that the poison could kill a High-Sequence Beyonder. However, 
the question lay within the fact that it was almost impossible for 
a High-Sequence Beyonder to be tempted to drink it. 
Furthermore, the traits of 2-030 were obvious, so no one would 
consume it by accident. If one wanted to poison them, they had 
to first capture them, seize control of them, and then force it 
down their throat. But then, why go through the trouble? 


2-030 would constantly tempt the living things around it to drink 
it. The user had to be fully focused on resisting its power. Any 
slight negligence would make one drink the poison as though it 
was only natural to do so. 


When Dunn finished his description, Klein decided, almost 
instantly, to not pick that Sealed Artifact. 


The name of 2-078 was “Door of Death.” Its appearance was like a 
normal wooden door. Any living thing that passed through it 
would die instantly. No High-Sequence Beyonder had ever 


participated in the test. 


It possessed living traits and constantly attempted to escape. It 
could change its appearance and disguise itself into pre-existing 
doors. If the user made any mistakes, he would lose control of it. 
Then, he would need to be careful and not pass through any door 
near him. He would have to try to wait at the original spot for 
help or break through a wall to escape. 


Klein thought of using 2-078, but after reevaluating the latter 
two, he felt that the intuition of a legendary creature would be 
very sharp and would be able to differentiate whichever door 
was the Door of Death. 


In the end, he decided to pick 2-105. 


The name of the Sealed Artifact was “Blood Vessel Thief.” It 
looked like a thick, stiffened blood vessel. Anyone who touched 
it, regardless of whether they were protected or not, would have 
their life stolen. In the beginning, it wouldn’t be obvious. But, if 
one didn’t break contact with it, the effects would be visible half 
an hour later. Dunn said that a Sequence 5 heretic held onto it 
for two hours. He turned from a brawny man in his thirties into 
a hunched old man who had loose skin, thin white hair, and 
missing teeth. 


The most important trait of 2-105 was that the person wearing it 
would have the chance to steal an ability from a target within a 
specific range. Even High-Sequence Beyonders could be robbed of 
their abilities, but the probability was smaller. 


Within a ten-minute time period, the person who was robbed 
would lose the corresponding ability while the person who wore 
the item would be able to use the ability skillfully. Ten minutes 
later, the ability would vanish, and the person who was robbed 
would need to wait a couple of days to recover. 


Regardless of whether it works or not, it will at least raise the 
probability of success from five percent to ten percent. I’m the King 
of Yellow and Black who wields good luck, after all... Besides, our 
main goal is just to take precautions and make preparations to 
deal with the worst case scenario. We won’t necessarily have to 
take action... Hopefully, reinforcements will arrive soon... Klein 
stopped outside the duty room, showing no signs of hesitation 
anymore. 


About the negative effects of Sealed Artifact 2-105, he wasn’t 
worried because he wasn’t planning to use the artifact himself... 


His plan was to give it to Leonard, as he already had the Flaring 
Sun Charm and Azik’s copper whistle who he had no idea if it 
would still be suppressed. 


My dear Poet, it’s time for you to show your true secret... Klein 
muttered and saw Seeka Tron standing by the duty room. 


With her white hair and black eyes, the part-time author 
remained silent for a few seconds before saying, “Why don’t you 
guard Chanis Gate? I’m stronger and more experienced than 
you.” 


But you don’t have Flaring Sun Charms... Klein replied with a 
smile, “Madam, I’m already a Sequence 8. 


“It wouldn’t be safe here either. There are many Sealed Artifacts 
that possess living traits that are itching to take action. Well, if 
we fail, the people here will definitely not survive. 


“Heh heh, our goal upstairs is to buy time and wait for 
reinforcements. It might be safer than being around Chanis 
Gate.” 


Seeka Tron puckered her lips slowly and drew a crimson moon 
on her chest. 


“May the Goddess bless all of you.” 


As Dunn didn’t have the time to write the document in time, 
Klein couldn’t enter Chanis Gate directly. All he did was watch 
Seeka Tron push open a tiny crack and enter. 


After a few minutes, she appeared by the door, and she was 
holding a thick, blood-tainted, pale blood vessel in her left hand. 


Klein extended his hand to take it, and he immediately felt a 
faint current surging in his body. 


In the reception hall of the Blackthorn Security Company. 


Leonard had already shaken off his stiff state from earlier, and 
his expression didn’t look abnormal as he talked about the 
recently discovered house that Lanevus rented before. 


“Is that so? He never told me about it before...” Megose replied 
normally, creasing her eyebrows slightly. 


Then, she grabbed her blonde hair, pulled out a handful, and 
casually threw it into the trashcan by the side. 


Leonard was dumbfounded. He gulped with difficulty, and his 
palms were full of cold sweat once again. 


Klein walked up the stairs to the second floor with the Blood 
Vessel Thief in his left hand. 


He looked at the door that led to the Nighthawks break room, 
where Dunn Smith stood silently in his black trench coat. His 
eyes were gray and deep, just like when they had first met. 


“Reintroducing myself, Nighthawk, Dunn Smith.” 


The voice of the past sounded in Klein’s ears as the scene of 
Dunn by Kenley’s corpse flashed in his head. There was blood all 
over his mouth. 


He suddenly fell silent and walked over. He lifted his left hand 
and said, “Captain, I picked Sealed Artifact 2-105. I plan on letting 
Leonard use it.” 


Dunn nodded slightly. He didn’t ask why but turned and pointed 
at his office as he spoke. 


“The Holy Cathedral sent a telegram. They said that they'll gather 
a team of strong Beyonders immediately and asked us to stall for 
as much time as possible and try to wait. 


“About those coincidences, they didn’t give any reply. I think they 
don’t have any conclusions as of yet. Or perhaps, the person who 
handles the telegrams doesn’t know the actual situation and has 
no way to make guesses. You know, we have to make the best 
use of time. Telegrams can’t be too long.” 


“yes.” Klein nodded. He got closer to the partition and looked 
outside as he said, “How’s the situation?” 


“Nothing strange as of yet.” Dunn looked down at the Saint’s ash 
box in his left hand. 


Seeing how Leonard and Megose were having a good time 
chatting, Klein didn’t interrupt them. He retreated to the 
Nighthawks’ recreation room and faced Dunn with the corridor 
in between them. 


Just then, Dunn suddenly let out a self-deprecating laugh. 


“I forgot something.” 


“What is it?” Klein replied, puzzled. 


Dunn looked sideways at him and said, “Daly told me to explain 
myself to you.” 


“Huh?” Klein was stunned, as he couldn’t quite understand what 
the Captain meant. 


After two seconds, before Dunn could reply, he suddenly 
understood. 


Madam Daly didn’t reply immediately because she thought it 
was unnecessary. She had forwarded the matter to the Captain 
and let him explain himself. 


Th-that means that there isn’t anything serious with the Captain! 


At this critical point, Klein suddenly felt a surge of joy erupt 
inside of him. 


Chapter 207: Guartlian 


Dunn sighed. 


“I did want to send you away back then since I was going to do 
something that involves the secrets of the Church and the 
Nighthawks. But Kenley’s death left my mind in chaos. At that 
moment, all I could think of was a clumsy excuse, thus, giving 
you the opportunity to witness what I was doing.” 


“What secret is that?” Klein pressed, now being more at ease. 


He had almost forgotten about the threat of the evil god’s son, or 
the existence of a legendary creature outside. 


Dunn weighed his words and said, “There might be a law in 
mysticism. Heh, even though I haven’t read many books, I’m still 
aware of what a law means. 


“This law is called ‘Law of Beyonder Characteristics 
Indestructibility.’ 


“The characteristics of a Beyonder is never destroyed or reduced. 
It’s only passed from one carrier to the next.” 


Klein’s eyes opened wide. He suddenly came to a realization and 
asked thoughtfully, “For example, the Sealed Artifacts, 
mysterious objects, or a potion’s main ingredients that are left 
behind by Beyonders who have lost control?” 


“Correct.” Dunn nodded solemnly. “This isn’t only the case for 


Beyonders who lose control; it’s also the same for normal 
Beyonders after they die.” 


“The same...” Klein mulled over Dunn’s description, now having 
a faint idea of what the Captain was doing. 


He suddenly recalled when the suited clown died. He recalled the 
blue, thumb-sized blood sphere that was suspended beside the 
corpse of the suited clown. Frye’s explanation had been that 
there would always be strange transformations after a Beyonder 
died. 


Dunn continued with his deep gray eyes, “But what’s different 
about Beyonders who lose control is that a Beyonder who dies 
normally won’t leave behind ingredients or objects. Th-they’re 
equivalent to a potion, a potion that corresponds to their 
Sequences, except that theyre lacking a certain amount of 
supplementary ingredients.” 


Equivalent to potions... Equivalent to potions! Klein squinted as a 
flash of inspiration went through his mind. The endless 
darkness in his mind was illuminated in that instant. 


He suddenly understood many things, figuring out why the 
Beyonder pathways wouldn't be broken, even if the creatures 
used as main ingredients were going extinct. 


Apart from using substitutes, one could also simply use the 
remains of Beyonders! 


That should also be the reason why they only handed out complete 
potions at the higher Sequences! Another reason is to prevent the 
formula from being revealed to people adept at divination or 
mediumship rituals... Many guesses went through Klein’s mind. 


Dunn looked at the recreation room and explained in a deep 
voice, “A few years ago... Well... I can’t exactly remember just 
exactly how many years it was, but I wasn’t the Captain of the 
Nighthawks back then. I unexpectedly realized this problem, and 
after interacting with Daly, who had just become a Beyonder, | 
immediately sent a report to the Holy Cathedral. The Holy 
Cathedral told me to keep it a secret and gave me two choices. 
Heh heh, that’s also the reason why it’s me, and not Daly, who’s 
explaining this to you. Whoever exposes this is responsible for it. 


“The first choice was to pretend to know nothing, just like a large 
number of Nighthawk Captains and Deacons, and allow the Holy 
Cathedral to continue dealing with the remains of Beyonders 
who died through normal means. The second was for them to 
give me a unique, simple ritual and the corresponding 
techniques. It would allow me to temporarily consume the items 
produced by the unique characteristics within a limited period of 
time. Well, this is only suitable for Sequences of the same 
pathway at my level or lower. 


“This would augment my Beyonder characteristics, and I would 
also become more powerful. In terms of abilities regarding 
dreams, my powers now are not too different from a Sequence 
6’s. That’s also the reason why I dared to deal with Madam 
Sharon.” 


“So that’s why... To think that something like this exists...” Klein 
slowly exhaled. 


He finally understood why he couldn’t come up with a logical 
explanation despite his best efforts. That was because he didn’t 
have all the relevant information and was unable to fill in the 
blanks. 


Yes, this does match the Law of Beyonder Characteristics 
Indestructibility... Would consuming these characteristics cause a 
qualitative change in the Captain by constantly accumulating 


them? Klein allowed his mind to wander. 


After glancing at him, Dunn let out a bitter smile. 


“I chose the second option, but not because I wanted to become 
more powerful. If I wanted to become more powerful, quickly 
digesting a potion and receiving an advancement is the best and 
most direct way.” 


“Yes,” Klein agreed sincerely. “Consolidating the characteristics 
of the potions of the same Sequence will increase the risk of 
losing control at the same time as it improves your abilities, 
right?” 


Dunn shook his head solemnly. “No, these are the remains of 
normal Beyonders and not Beyonders who have lost control. 
Well, after I came to know of the acting method, I realized that it 
would increase the difficulty of digesting the potion.” 


“Then why do you still continue?” Klein asked in shock. 


Dunn placed his hand into his pocket, intending to take out his 
pipe, only to find that he had left it in his office. 


He shook his head and let out a self-deprecating smile. 


“I just said that becoming more powerful isn’t the reason why I 
consume their remains.” 


Having said that, he paused, his eyes wandering to the blue 
flicker of the gas lamp opposite where he was standing. 


“They were all my partners... We’ve gone through many things 
together. We've dealt with monsters in the darkness and insane 
heretics together. Some of them have saved me, and I’ve saved 
quite a number of them. We walked together in the silent night. 
We fought together in battles that aren’t visible to the general 
public. We faced danger together. We had each other’s backs. 


“IT really can’t bear to part with them. I remember the lad, Hitte. 
He broke into tears the first time we went on a dangerous 
mission. I remember Adelaide, heh—he was Rozanne’s father. He 
once blocked an evil curse for me with his arm. I remember the 
lady, Dwayne, and her warm temperament which was like the 
dawn. She would always silently record the things we 
encountered. I remember Kenley being someone who knew how 
to do many things like play the seven-string guitar, sing, tell 
stories, even though he wasn’t tall. He was more like a poet than 
Leonard... I miss them very much. 


“I hoped to continue fighting with them, to continue dealing 
with the monsters in the darkness, to deal with the crazy 
heretics, to protect Tingen City with them. Thus, I chose to 
consume their remains.” 


Dunn’s gray eyes seemed to flicker. His reliable and dependable 
persona broke down considerably at that moment. 


His lips arched upward slightly as he continued, “They’e still 
with me in my dreams. Adelaide loves to read, and he often 
reads at the solarium. He often tells me to discipline Rozanne 
and get her to mature faster, to the point that Rozanne 
complains about me becoming more and more like her father 
and has become scared of me. Hitte is a person who cannot sit 
still and has to hunt in the forest every day. Dwayne always 
stands by the window of her bedroom and watches us chat. 
Kenley, who recently joined, created his own seven-string guitar 
and sings while strumming it... I really miss them.” 


” 


“Captain...” Klein subconsciously muttered. His eyes became 
blurred and watery. He couldn’t help but rub his eyes and curse 
in his heart. Fuck. Captain, you’re making me cru... 


But I finally understand the reason for the Captain’s slow progress 
despite using the “acting method”... Klein let out a silent sigh. 


“Unfortunately, Old Neil died after losing control. Otherwise, he 
would’ve brought along much joy to us.” Dunn retracted his gaze. 
He lowered his head and massaged the bridge of his nose. 


A few seconds later, he lifted his head and let out a bitter smile. 


“This is a selfish decision. 


“I don’t know what the true wishes of Adelaide, Kenley, and the 
rest were, and, thus, selfishly made a decision for them. 


“I truly am a selfish person.” 


“No...” Klein shook his head. 


On the sofa in the receptionist area, Leonard watched Megose 
pull out clumps of her hair as his expression became more and 
more rigid. 


Megose seemed increasingly restless as she constantly picked up 
the glass for a mouthful of water. She looked at Leonard with a 
contorted expression. 


“I don’t know why, but I suddenly feel a little unwell.” 


Leonard Mitchell was about to reply when he suddenly saw 
Megose reach for her face. She clawed out a piece of flesh—a 
long piece of flesh—a piece of flesh stained with blood. 


“My face is a little itchy.” Megose smiled, a little embarrassed. 
The edge of her lips spread to where her cheekbones were, 
revealing a row of white teeth and bright red gums. 


FUCK! Leonard cursed out silently. He felt that the situation was 
worsening way too quickly. 


His lips quivering, Leonard turned to listen as his expression 
immediately turned steely green. 


He forced a smile and apologized to Megose, who was clawing 
out pieces of her flesh. 


“T need to use the bathroom.” 


“Al... right...” Megose’s tone became ethereal. 


She rubbed her belly and said, “My... child... is a little restless...” 


Leonard didn’t reply. He hastened his footsteps and approached 
the partition. 


After entering the corridor, Leonard stared deeply at the box of 
ash in Dunn Smith’s hands and exhaled in exasperation. 


Following that, his expression turned firm. 


“Captain, ’m afraid that it’s too late. We have to deal with 
Megose and her baby immediately. Otherwise, the whole of 
Tingen will suffer terrible losses. This isn’t something that can 
be avoided just by evacuating the citizens around us. I know that 
you've already sent such a telegram.” 


Dunn knitted his eyebrows and asked, unusually stern, “Are you 
sure that the situation has worsened to such an extent?” 


“yes. In no more than three minutes, Megose will undergo a 
mutation, and her child will descend upon us,” Leonard said 
with a certain tone. 


At the same time, he glanced at the thick, large blood vessel 
wrapped around Klein’s hand and said, “Sealed Artifact 2-105? Let 
me use it. I can better utilize its abilities.” 


“Alright.” Klein didn’t hesitate to hand the Blood Vessel Thief over 
to Leonard. 


That was something he intended to do so from the beginning. 


At that moment, Dunn tugged at his collar and patted down his 
trench coat. He spoke with a determined tone, “I'll head out with 
Saint Selena’s ashes first. Come out after ten seconds; remember, 
come out only after you finish counting to ten. Then, regardless 
of my condition, direct your strongest attacks at Megose and her 
baby without wasting any time.” 


With that said, he turned around and walked towards the 
partition with the urn of ashes. 


“Captain...” Klein let out a shout, his lips dry. 


“Captain!” Leonard also shouted. 


Dunn stopped and looked back. He had a gentle expression as he 
said with his mellow voice, “Don’t worry about me. I’m not 
alone. Adelaide, Dwayne, Hitte, and Kenley are all fighting 
alongside me, no matter what kind of danger I face.” 


He paused for a moment before speaking, his gray eyes gentle. 


“There’s no need to be too nervous as well. We're guarding 
Tingen City.” 


His lips arched upwards, forming his usual smile. 


After saying those words, he didn’t stay any longer. He stepped 
through the partition, his black trench coat following behind 
him. 


“Captain!” Klein and Leonard shouted at the same time, their 
tears falling uncontrollably, but Dunn didn’t slow down. 


We are a bunch of miserable wretches that are constantly fighting 
against danger and madness, but even more so, we are guardians. 


Chapter 208: Cry 


Beep! Beep! Beep! The telegram set up in the Captain’s office 
suddenly came to life, seemingly having received a new 
telegram. 


But Klein and Leonard couldn't be distracted. They were counting 
the movements of the second hand on the clock as their red eyes 
welled up with tears. 


“10.” 
“9g.” 


i td 


Just then, Dunn Smith carried the silver, bone-like square box 
into the reception hall with a solemn expression. 


Megose, who was pulling out clump after clump of blond hair, 
tore a wound that was deep enough to show her bones. It was as 
though she was triggered by something. She suddenly stood and 
pointed at Dunn Smith in his black trench coat. She shrieked, 
“You want to kill my child! 


“you want to kill my child!” 


Boom! The shrill and terrifying voice reverberated. Klein felt like 
he was being struck in the head with a sledgehammer. He 
suddenly forgot to count as he had a headache and felt dizzy. 


His vision went red, and there seemed to be liquid flowing from 
the tip of his nose. 


He subconsciously looked sideways, and he saw the corner of 
Leonard Mitchell’s eyes. The tip of his nose and the corners of his 
lips were covered in fresh blood. His face was extremely pale, 
and his body was wavering as though he was about to fall. 


I’m probably in the same state... Klein reined back his thoughts 
and continued to count in silence as he skipped two numbers. 


“oo.” 


“ ” 
4. 


Struck by the terrifyingly sharp voice, Dunn Smith’s deep gray 
eyes were filled with red veins. Every single strand was crystal 
clear. 


The blood vessels in his face protruded out as well; every one of 
them like a poisonous snake. There was also a gurgle as red 
liquid flowed out of his ears as well. 


Despite that, he did feel dizzy. Other than his right hand pausing, 
his strong willpower drove him to press down on Saint Selena’s 
urn and open the lid. 


Inside the box, there was deep darkness. In the darkness, there 
was fine resplendent sand. The scene was magically beautiful, 
just like the cosmos being stored in a box. 


The surroundings suddenly became dark, and the darkness 
engulfed the entire reception hall. In the air, there were 
countless black, cold, and smooth threads floating. 


They surged towards Megose and entangled her almost 
instantly. 


It wasn’t like a spider web, but more like the tentacles of some 
unknown creature! 


Megose had already torn out her right eyeball. It hung by a thin 
cord of flesh underneath her eye socket. She stared at Dunn 
Smith with hatred as she roared, “You must die!” 


Bang! Dunn was cast away by a formless force and slammed 
heavily into the wall opposite. The wall cracked, and bricks were 
thrown up. 


He spat a mouthful of fresh blood onto the ground, but both his 
hands were still tightly holding onto Saint Selena’s urn. He held 
onto it for dear life and kept it from falling to the ground. 


Those countless black, cold, and smooth threads tightened and 
bound Megose firmly to the spot. No matter how much blight- 
tainted flames rose up suddenly, or how her skin began to 
secrete a liquid that smelt like brimstone, neither of those 
defenses dealt any damage to the threads holding onto her. 


3)” 


“ol” 


ql” 


Klein and Leonard dashed out through the partition 
simultaneously. One of them was holding onto a warm thin gold 
slice, and the other had already aimed his five fingers with the 
Blood Vessel Thief wound around his left wrist at Megose. 


Megose, who no longer looked human, struggled as flesh 
protruded from both sides of her shoulders. They were a mixture 
of blood vessels and green veins, round like a child’s head. 


Above the two heads, cracks rapidly spread and seemingly 
turned into a pair of eyes. 


Megose suddenly noticed danger approaching, and she opened 
her mouth. The corner of her lips cracked all the way up to her 
ears. 


She was going to deal the Blaspheme Curse to every enemy that 
attempted to harm her child! 


At that moment, Leonard clenched his left hand into a fist as his 
wrist made a half turn. 


His pale face turned livid, and the vessels protruded like bunch 
of tiny poisonous worms. 


“ ” 


Megose’s Blaspheme Curse was left stuck in her throat as it 
came to a sudden halt. 


She seemed to have lost the ability to speak and the ability to 
evoke curses. 


Klein seized the opportunity and muttered an ancient Hermes 
word in a deep voice. 


“Light!” 


I want light, and there will be light! 


He suddenly felt the thin gold slice that was covered in 
mysterious patterns become boiling hot as he saw it emit a 
blinding light, as though it had become a miniature sun. 


Right on the heels of that, Klein injected more than half his 
Spirituality into it and threw the Flaring Sun Charm towards the 
restrained Megose! 


The reception hall instantly turned transparent as darkness and 
gloominess vanished simultaneously. The black fine threads 
that entangled Megose shrank as though they were instinctively 
avoiding something. 


But before Megose obtained her freedom, she already saw the 
sunlight. 


At some point in the fight, a hole had ruptured in the ceiling of 
the Blackthorn Security Company, and the hole went all the way 
to the rooftop of the third floor. The bright blue sky and glaring 
sunlight shined through simultaneously. 


The thin gold slice combined with the sunlight above Megose’s 


and immediately expanded in size. It went from a spherical light 
to a sphere with countless flames spiraling around it. 


Rumble! 


The entire building shook vigorously, and the glass windows on 
the nearby streets shattered. 


However, the power of the spherical light concentrated its might 
at its core, without dissipating much. 


It enveloped Megose, and the light was so glaring that Klein, 
Dunn, and Leonard couldn’t open their eyes. 


Klein held back his tears and looked through squinted eyes. He 
saw that the light had dispersed, but the flames were still 
soaring. Among them, there were many black ashes dancing in 
the air. 


Megose and the baby in her stomach were nowhere to be seen. 
Just like the coffee table, water glass, newspaper, and sofa in the 
area. 


Is it over? Did we finish the son of an evil god before it descended 
upon this world, taking “His” mother out at the same time? Klein 
still couldn’t believe it. 


His experience of playing video games told him that the final 
boss couldn't be taken care of so easily! 


Suddenly, he felt goosebumps all over. His Clown instincts told 
him that there was extreme danger approaching! 


Without thinking, Klein rolled to the left abruptly. 


Just then, a long arm with an extremely sharp white bone blade 
cleaved the spot, seemingly out of nowhere. The monstrosity had 
an abnormal beauty, and it floated in mid-air. It was 
unbelievably fast and almost impossible to dodge its attacks. 


Whoosh! 


Klein’s clothing on the right side of his chest was ripped apart, 
his skin ruptured, and his flesh, along with his bones, was split 
into two! 


The wound was so deep that he could almost see one of his 
lungs. 


If it wasn’t because he sensed danger approaching beforehand 
and dodged in time, that slash would’ve sliced him in half. 


But, even so, Klein slowed down. Extreme pain filled his head 
and scattered his consciousness. 


At the end of the white bone blade, a figure rapidly flew out. If it 
wasn’t for the bump on its stomach, perhaps no one could 
identify it as Megose. 


Her hair and dress had been burned entirely. The skin on her 
face and body was charred black and was peeling off, flake after 
flake. Her nose had melted, leaving only two small black holes 
behind. Her eyeballs were nowhere to be seen, and there were 
faint white flames dancing in the empty sockets. 


The two “heads” that had popped up from both sides of Megose’s 
shoulders had been burned away. Her left arm had become the 
white bone blade that she was holding; it looked demonic, yet 
holy. 


creak! 


As the ground shook, Megose ignored Dunn and Leonard, as well 
as the black, cold, and smooth fine threads that were hurtling 
towards her again. She phased over to Klein who had come to a 
stop after rolling away. She aimed the white bone blade at 
Klein’s neck and was about to slash down. 


Suddenly, she heard a voice that contained a rich blasphemous 
tone. 


“Submit!” 


Leonard lifted his left hand and aimed his palm at Megose. The 
Sealed Artifact 2-105 wrapped around his wrist had turned from 
a thick pale, blood-tainted blood vessel into a crimson “intestine” 
that had expanded to the point that it looked ready to explode. 


With the aid of the Blood Vessel Thief, Leonard had successfully 
stolen Megose’s Blaspheme Curse and was attempting to use her 
power to seize control of her! 


Only an ability at her level was effective! 


Under the influence of the Blaspheme Curse, Megose bent her 
waist, and her knees were constantly trembling. Her motions 
came to a halt as the surrounding black threads surrounded her 
as though they had found a delicious prey. Klein also took the 


opportunity to roll in the opposite direction, leaving a trail of 
fresh crimson blood behind him. 


However, he got some reprieve from his extreme pain and 
reached his hand into his pocket. He took out the last Flaring 
Sun Charm. 


He took the opportunity when Megose was stationary to finish 
her off, once and for all! 


If she were to hold out until the “baby” was born, the outcome 
would be beyond their imagination! 


Boom! 


Megose’s head exploded on its own. Her charred skin and flesh 
flew in all directions. 


But her headless body seized the opportunity to shake off the 
effect of the Blaspheme Curse! 


Boom! Megose’s charred body transformed into a projectile that 
shot towards Leonard. Since the Blaspheme Curse had been 
forcefully disrupted, Leonard was temporarily frozen on the spot. 


At that moment, Dunn Smith was still holding onto Saint 
Selena’s urn tightly. His face was abnormally pale, and the black, 
cold threads that were created was still short of surrounding 
Megose. 


Creak! 


Megose slammed into Leonard, throwing him to the wall. The 
wall collapsed from the impact. 


Leonard’s bones cracked, and there was blood spewing out from 
his mouth incessantly. Without even having the urge to struggle, 
he fainted instantly. 


Megose raised her white bone blade, but the countless black 
threads that emanated from Saint Selena’s urn enveloped her 
again and was about to bind her to the ground. 


Without the luxury of time to mind his injuries, Klein quickly 
took out the thin charm. 


Just as he was going to recite the ancient Hermes incantation, 
something suddenly sounded in the deep, dark, yet quiet room. 


“Waaa!” 


It was the cry of a baby. 


Chapter 209: Light 


“Waaa!” 


The baby in Megose’s stomach cried. It squirmed, wanting to 
come into this world in a bid to help its mother escape from her 
predicament. 


The black, cold, and smooth threads appeared to suffer a shock 
as they seemed to be suppressed by an invisible power which led 
to their retreat backward. 


“Waaa!” 


Dunn and Klein became dizzy at the same time. They felt their 
throats contract involuntarily as their contracting air passages 
instantly stifled them. 


Crimson liquid flowed from their nostrils, their eyes, and their 
ears. All of their capillaries seemed to have ruptured. 


If it wasn’t for the fact that Klein had undergone the torture of 
hearing the mutterings and ravings every time he headed to the 
world above the gray fog, as well as Dunn holding onto the ashes 
of Saint Selena, they definitely would’ve fainted on the spot, just 
like Leonard Mitchell. 


Megose’s headless body turned over and looked at Klein who saw 
her charred skin and flesh peeling to the ground, and the holy, 
yet evil white bone blade. 


Having escaped its influence thanks to his rich experience, Klein 
immediately felt his scalp tingle and forgot about the pain in his 
right chest. He seemed to witness his enemy charge towards 
him maniacally, not giving him any time to recite the 
incantation, infuse spirituality, and throw out the Flaring Sun 
Charm. 


Just as he was about to dodge the attack, Klein saw Megose 
suddenly pause. He saw Dunn Smith’s black trench coat 
fluttering, and the Captain diagonally across him had buried his 
head. There were multiple thick twitching objects on his back as 
if they were venomous snakes or tentacles—or monsters! 


Dunn was using his abilities as a Nightmare to forcefully impede 
Megose’s movements. 


Bam! Bam! Bam! With a mere struggle from Megose, the thick 
tentacle-like objects that protruded from Dunn’s back exploded at 
the same time! 


A large amount of blood splattered out, covering every corner of 
the room like rain. 


Dunn wasn’t disappointed at the result, for the blood had been 
absorbed by the black threads created by Saint Selena’s ashes. 


They had been absorbed! 


The countless cold, smooth, tentacle-like threads entered a 
frenzy. They swarmed forward and bound Megose tightly, 
wrapping themselves around her bulging, squirming stomach. 


An opportunity! 


Klein was as nervous as he was excited. He prepared to shout the 
ancient Hermes word for “Light.” 


“Waaa! Waaa! Waaa!” 


The cries of a baby could be heard once again, more frequent, 
and more incessant this time around! 


The countless black threads suddenly came to a pause, retreating 
and trembling again as if they had all been struck by lightning. 


Dunn’s expression changed when he realized that Megose was 
about to free herself. Without hesitation, he retracted his right 
palm, formed a claw, and stabbed it into his own chest—his left 
chest! 


He quickly pulled out his right hand, his fingers holding a bloody 
heart tightly. It was a still-beating heart that brought with it the 
sereneness of the night and a dream. 


Captain... Klein watched helplessly as Dunn Smith stuffed the 
heart into the urn containing Saint Selena’s ashes. His vision 
quickly blurred. 


Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! 


Crying that sounded like a late-night nightmare resounded. The 
countless cold and serene threads once again resumed their 
efforts as they wrapped themselves tightly around Megose! 


This time, they didn’t loosen their bindings despite the cries 
coming from the baby in Megose’s stomach. In fact, they even 


sealed the terrifying sounds within the body! 


Klein’s tears fell together with his blood. He uttered a simple 
Hermes term in a deep voice, “Light!” 


The light that illuminates the darkness! The light that brings 
warmth! 


He infused almost all of his remaining spirituality into the thin 
gold piece etched with mysterious symbols, causing his mind to 
immediately turn blank and dizzy. 


Having mustered the last of his strength, Klein tossed out the 
Flaring Sun Charm at Megose, who was still bound by the 
countless black threads. 


The black threads didn’t retract this time, having not followed 
their instincts, as if they were being willed by someone. 


Thump! Thump! 


Dunn’s fresh heart was still beating within the box containing 
Saint Selena’s ashes. 


The sunlight once again shone in from the hole in the ceiling, 
shining through all three stories, right into the Blackthorn 
Security Company, as if it were a corporeal pillar. 


It was guided here by the Flaring Sun Charm, and it was focused 
on Megose. 


The sunlight fused with the top of the headless monster, and 
then exploded like the sun! 


Rumble! 


In the burning white splendor, Klein closed his eyes. This last 
scene was etched deep into his mind. 


Megose’s body lost its left arm, head, and multiple pieces of 
flesh. Its charred body crumbled instantly. The half-illusory, 
terrifying creature within her body no longer had the support of 
a physical body and couldn’t complete the last stage of its 
transformation. It turned into a furious ball of black gas, 
dissolving amidst the light and flames. 


Rumble! 


The entire building shook violently, but this was only due to the 
released energy of the Flaring Sun Charm. 


The charm was different from a normal bomb. Its powers were 
concentrated, yet restrained! 


Klein fought to stabilize his body. He opened his eyes and looked 
ahead a few seconds later. 


He saw that the walls had crumbled. He saw a charred circle 
where Megose once stood. Surprisingly, the floor had only 
melted slightly. 


He saw a burned, bloody placenta on the ground. He saw Dunn 
Smith standing on the spot, still wearing his black trench coat. 


He saw the heart in the box of Saint Selena’s ashes still beating 
slowly. He saw Leonard Mitchell lying on the opposite side; his 
outcome was unknown. 


The exhausted Klein felt elated and felt that he could still use 
ritualistic magic to save the Captain. He felt that Megose and her 
baby were truly finished. No—it was more accurate to say that 
the latter had suffered an interruption and was exorcised. 


At that moment, Dunn Smith turned to look at Klein. His pale 
face had a warm and relaxed expression, and his voice still as 
mellow as it usually was. 


“We saved Tingen.” 


After saying this, it was as if he had returned to the time when 
he was twenty. He no longer appeared stern and serious as he 
winked at Klein with his left eye. 


Klein’s expression froze. He saw the heart in the box of Saint’s 
Selena’s ashes stop beating. It turned into a resplendent ball of 
light before scattering into the surroundings. He saw the captain 
fall backward, his arms losing their strength. 


It felt like the scene was made up of a series of paintings, but 
Klein could do nothing to stop it. 


Thump! 


The box of Saint Selena’s ashes fell onto the ground, just like 
Klein’s heart. 


Thud! Thud! Even though the box wasn’t covered, the darkness 
within the box sealed the opening, preventing the resplendent 
sand-like ashes from falling out. The box rolled a distance away 
towards Klein. 


Dunn Smith fell to the wrecked floor, his deep gray eyes having 
lost all their luster. He was looking at the hole in the ceiling, the 
sunlight pouring down on his face. 


Captain! Klein’s vision blurred once again. He wanted to shout, 
but that word and the subsequent words were stuck in his 
throat. 


We miss you too... 


At that moment, the box containing Saint Selena’s ashes had 
rolled to his feet. 


Suddenly, Klein felt a pain in his chest, his pupils violently 
constricted as he froze in place. 


He looked down to see a slightly pale palm, drenched in blood, 
coming out the left side of his chest. 


Megose isn’t dead... No, a new enemy... The mastermind behind 
the scenes... Am I going to die? 


Klein quickly lost his consciousness, his eyes almost losing 
focus. His body slumped to the side. 


His breathing gradually slowed and, he finally felt the palm pull 
back quickly. He saw a pair of brand new leather boots, and a 


hand reaching downward—a slightly pale hand. 


It grabbed the urn of Saint Selena’s ashes. 


Klein’s vision went black, and he lost all consciousness. 


Burned and shattered objects were scattered around in the now 
destroyed Blackthorn Security Company, but there wasn’t a 
single sound; it was just like a cemetery. 


A few minutes later, Leonard Mitchell’s body moved, his eyes 
opening slowly. 


He propped himself up with difficulty and surveyed the 
surroundings. He saw Dunn Smith on the ground. He also saw 
Klein who had his eyes staring wide as a look of shock was 
plastered across his face. Dunn and Klein both had visible 
wounds on the left sides of their chests. 


No... Leonard squeezed out the word from his throat as he 
staggered towards Klein’s corpse, that wasn’t far away from 
Dunn. 


He kept checking them, going between the two repeatedly, but all 
he could do was accept this irreversible truth. 


Leonard’s knees buckled as his knees plopped to the ground. His 
green eyes were filled with pain as tears streamed down his 
cheeks, washing away the blood and dust. 


He turned his head and listened for two seconds and suddenly 
sprawled forward. He let out an angry roar and clenched his 
palms into fists, and heavily pounded the floor. 


Thump! Thump! Thump! 


Leonard kept tearing up as he pounded the floor. Amidst his 
sorrow was a feeling of clear hatred and a clear sense of self- 
abhorrence. 


Thud! Thud! Thud! Leonard looked up when he heard the sounds 
of hurried footsteps and saw the members of the Mandated 
Punishers and the Machinery Hivemind that had just arrived at 
the scene through his blurred vision. 


Chapter 210: Story 


In a Tingen suburb, there was a house with a green lawn. 


The house had a garden that had begun to wither at the 
beginning of September. Attached to the house was a crimson 
chimney. 


There was a desk next to the window in the bedroom of that 
house. An ordinary notebook was spread open on the table. 


A slightly pale hand flipped the notebook to the very first page, 
then it quickly flipped to the back. 


As the paper flipped, the rows of words appeared faintly. 


Regence, a member from the Secret Order, sold the Antigonus 
family’s notebook as an ordinary ancient book by accident due to 
the influence both of weariness and illusions. It was a coincidence 
that made logical sense. 


Affected by the calling of the Antigonus family’s bloodline, the 
notebook secretly affects its owners, one after the other. After 
repeated changes in ownership, it came to Tingen. It fell into the 
hands of the members of the Aurora Order—Sirius Arapis and 
Hanass Vincent. 


After they flipped through the content that temporarily appeared 
in the notebook and copied the corresponding potion formulas, 
Sirius and Hanass were worried that the Secret Order, who were 
good at divination, would track them down. After discussing it, 
they decided to avoid the risk by selling it to another person. 


They didn’t wait for Mr. Z’s reply; perhaps because he stayed at 
Enmat Harbor. 


Through Sirius’s introduction, Hanass got to know Welch 
McGovern from the Khoy University’s Department of History. 
Then, Hanass sold the Antigonus family’s notebook to McGovern 
as an ordinary ancient book. 


Subsequently, Sirius was attracted by the treasure that was said 
to exist on the main peak of the Hornacis mountain range. He 
started to visit the Deweyville Library and research the mountain. 
He didn’t think that there would be any problems, so he left his 
real address and name. That aligned with his personality. 


During this process, he acquainted himself with Lanevus, who was 
reading up on information about iron mines to set up a scam. 


Lanevus’s hidden lunacy and swindling ability were well 
appreciated by Sirius. He decided to nurture him into a member of 
the Aurora Order. Of course, before that, an investigation was 
inevitable. 


Sirius covertly informed Lanevus about the evil ritual of praying to 
the True Creator to deliver “His” spawn into this world. But he 
knew that the possibility of Lanevus succeeding was very low, 
because the difficulty level of the ritual was very high, and the 
requirements were very harsh. However, the latter expressed his 
strong interest in the matter, tempted by the possibility of 
obtaining a deity’s approval. He planned to complete the ritual 
simultaneously as he carried out the plans of establishing his 
steelworks company. 


The cunning Lanevus could tell that there was something fishy 
about Sirius Arapis. But for his personal goal, he didn’t expose 
him. 


He visited Hood Eugen in the asylum once again. They had known 
each other long ago, and they knew about their respective 
situations. 


After a dark divination, the Antigonus family’s notebook was 
awakened fully. Welch and his classmate died. The lucky survivor, 
Klein Moretti, sent it to Ray Bieber’s house under the influence of 
the notebook. It was a destined ending. 


Many rows were scribbled off and new content followed. 


For some baffling reason, and a lack of sufficient explanations, 
klein didn’t commit suicide after that and somehow managed to 
stay alive. 


In the Nighthawks’ investigation of Welch’s case that followed, he 
met Dunn Smith and joined the Nighthawks. 


Although it had already exceeded Ince Zangwill’s description, it 
didn’t affect the development of the story. 


Bacchus and his brothers were down on their luck. They lost their 
last chip at the gambling tables and were drowning in debt. In a 
bid to obtain money, they decided to kidnap and blackmail the 
somewhat wealthy individuals. 


When they were looking for their final hideout, they chanced upon 
the room opposite Ray Bieber’s apartment. 


By then, Ray Bieber was already seduced by the power offered by 
the Antigonus family’s notebook. He hoped to digest the gift left 
behind by his ancestors. 


However, he was in a semi-insane state, and he couldn’t make the 
best and safest choice. He abandoned his dead mother, but he 
continued remaining in Tingen City. He only found a more elusive 
spot to carry out his digestion ritual. It was truly pathetic. If he 
had been slightly smarter, the story could’ve become even more 
complicated, but his decision was made based on his instincts and 
his poor state of mind. 


Bacchus and company purchased weapons and took the youngest 
son, Elliott, of the tobacco merchant, Vickroy, and held him for 
ransom. 


Finally, they successfully carried out the abduction and took Elliot 
back to the apartment opposite Ray Bieber’s. Vickroy’s butler was 
entrusted with looking for help from a security company. 


Because of Welch’s mysterious death, security companies were 
short on hands. Klee chanced upon a deliveryman and happened 
to discover the existence of the Blackthorn Security Company. 


Leonard Mitchell and Klein accepted the job. Relying on their 
Beyonder powers, they quickly saved the merchant’s son. 
Regrettably, Klein didn’t immediately realize that clues to the 
Antigonus family’s notebook were in the apartment opposite 
them. 


However, his spirituality reminded him in his dream. As such, the 
Tingen Nighthawks discovered corresponding clues. 


Sealed Artifact 2-049 arrived in Tingen. With the aid of the 
Antigonus family’s puppet, Dunn Smith led the Nighthawks to 
find Ray Bieber before interrupting his digestion procedure. 


Ray Bieber became a monster, and the situation was out of 
control. 


In the end, the Nighthawks skillfully worked together and took 
care of Monster Bieber, but they immediately faced the attack of a 
member from the Secret Order. 


More rows were scribbled away again, and the original content 
was impossible to read. 


Leonard Mitchell, who possesses a secret, was going to end the 
situation. Before he could, Klein, who was supposed to be doomed, 
killed the Sequence 7 member from the Secret Order in an 
inexplicable manner. 


That didn’t affect the development of the story. Dunn Smith got in 
touch with the Antigonus family’s notebook and flipped through 
its content. From that point onwards, he was secretly tainted! 


Having finished with all his preparations, Lanevus beguiled Hood 
Eugen and used him to assist in his ritual. They tricked Lanevus’s 
fiancée, Megose, to become the vessel that would carry the True 
Creator’s spawn. 


Lanevus had almost no possibility of success. The most serious 
problem was that even though Megose would be protected by the 
ritual’s power, she wouldn’t be able to withstand the sexual 
intercourse with the illusory projection of a deity. It would cost 
her her life on the altar. 


At that moment, the kind Ince Zangwill helped Lanevus in secret. 


He split off half a piece of a descendant of Death’s characteristic 
that he obtained and planted it into Megose’s body ahead of time. 


Hood Eugen made Megose enter a semi-unconscious state and 
convinced her that the True Creator’s illusory projection was 
Lanevus. Nourished by the accumulated resentment, gloominess, 
and oppression of the factory district, the ritual succeeded. Megose 
was pregnant with the True Creator’s spawn. The deity saw 
through the coincidences, but since “He” wished to break through 
the shackles placed on him by the seven deities, “He” didn’t refuse. 


Hood Eugen was contaminated. 


After the ritual succeeded, the mad Lanevus regained his 
rationality. He clearly knew that if the deity’s spawn was to 
descend into the world, Lanevus, himself, would become one of the 
sacrificial offerings. How could a mortal be the father of a deity’s 
son? This was blasphemy of the highest order! 


Lanevus decided to leave Tingen ahead of time and left clues to the 
Nighthawks, the Mandated Punishers, and the Machinery 
Hivemind so that they could resolve the repercussions of his 
actions. There was ultimately a price needed for lunacy. 


However, Lanevus didn’t write the letter directly to the Beyonder 
squads. He thought it would make him look stupid. 


He decided to leave the letter in one of the houses that he rented. 
He pretended to be playing a game with the Beyonders from 
official bodies. As such, he didn’t bring up Hood Eugen’s 
contamination and brought with him everything that he had 
obtained. 


Just in case, he informed Sirius Arapis in the safest way he could. 
The latter didn’t quite believe him, but he could faintly feel the 


possibility of success. 


Selena Wood accidentally chanced upon the real magic mirror 
divination incantation from her mysticism teacher, Hanass 
Vincent. 


Her bold attempt was interrupted by Klein Moretti by coincidence. 
The latter successfully resolved this supernatural incident that 
might’ve caused serious casualties. 


The Nighthawks then investigated Hanass Vincent who had 
recently been awarded. Therefore, Dunn Smith coincidently saw a 
clear image of the True Creator in his dream and suffered severe 
injuries. 


However, he wasn’t contaminated because of what happened. That 
would’ve been noticed by the upper echelons of the Nighthawks. 


The injury made Dunn Smith’s contamination by the Antigonus 
family notebook worsen. His absent-mindedness and forgetfulness 
worsened, and he was getting closer and closer to satisfying Ince 
Zangwill’s requirements. 


Many rows were scribbled away again. 


Seriously unbelievable! Klein Moretti noticed Ince Zangwill’s secret 
influence and saw the crimson chimney. 


Th-this is because he was reminded by the teacher from the Khoy 
University’s Department of History, Azik. He possesses many 
secrets. 


But even so, it’s astounding enough for klein to discover actual 
clues. It’s unexplainable. 


Regardless of the reason, Ince Zangwill continued to act, and the 
story continues. 


klein coincidently ran into Sirius at the library and had no choice 
but to kill him. Hence, the clues leading to Lanevus were abruptly 
severed, and the discovery of the problem was delayed. 


Klein met Megose, but his spirituality stopped him from observing 
her closely. However, he didn’t notice the subtle abnormality. That 
is logical. Our stories aren’t made up randomly. 


He searched for the red chimney, but he always opted for a route 
that didn’t include his target. Maybe in another two or three 
months, when he was on the last batch, he would find the real red 
chimney house. 


Rows and rows of writings were scribbled away, more than all of 
the previous rows added together. 


Dunn Smith’s problem was alleviated! His condition obviously 
became better! He actually mastered the “acting method!” 


And this was taught to him by Klein Moretti, who found 
inspiration from Daly Simone and Old Neil’s example. No—Ince 
Zangwill didn’t believe that, but he could only change his original 
plans slightly. 


New elements in the story came to play. 


Azik decided to go to Backlund in search of his lost memories. 


It wasn’t long until Klein and Dunn found clues from Hood Eugen. 


In order to ensure that Tingen City’s Conservative Party and New 
Party would be in complete opposition, Madam Sharon, who 
wanted to vent the accumulated madness after her 
transformation, decided to take the risk and murder Member of 
Parliament John Maynard. 


“Her motive wasn’t strong enough, but she took action anyway. 
There are always times when people are not clear-minded enough, 
and she happened to be in that stage. Besides, she was confident 
that she wouldn’t be discovered. 


Maynard's wife found the Blackthorn Security Company through 
the tobacco merchant, Vickroy. They didn’t disappoint her, and 
they quickly found Madam Sharon’s abnormality. 


Dunn Smith, who possessed power that was close to Sequence 6, 
decided to take action first. He passed the Sealed Artifact 3-0271 to 
Kenley. 


When the two of them and klein returned to Madam Sharon’s 
residence, Dunn attempted to pull her into a dream to control her 
from a distance.” 


It was a good plan, but, unfortunately, Madam Sharon happened 
to have the statue of the Primordial Demoness by her side. 


Hence, the Nighthawks’ plan failed. Kenley reflected himself in the 
mirror due to his nervousness and saw himself. 


Madam Sharon was taken care of while Kenley died. Dunn blamed 
himself and consumed Kenley’s Beyonder characteristic as he 
usually did. His digestion procedure was interrupted as a result 
and was delayed. As such, his mental state became unstable. 


Under the circumstances, Leonard and Klein noticed the letter left 
behind by Lanevus. 


Megose received a baffling summoning and arrived at Zouteland 
Street. She entered the Blackthorn Security Company, and the 
baby in her stomach was at a critical point in its development. It 
couldn’t stop her urges. 


Dunn made a detailed plan, a plan that was right, but he made 
one mistake. If he steeled his resolve to lure Megose behind Chanis 
Gate, he would’ve stood a chance with the aid of the environment 
and the items present. If he wanted to wait for backup, he 
definitely shouldn’t have just taken Saint Selena’s urn out. 


Unfortunately, Dunn’s mind wasn’t in the right place due to 
recent events, and he didn’t think of the most critical point. A 
diety’s son would be able to feel the threat of the Saint’s urn. 
Hence, it was triggered and started to absorb its mother’s strength 
in a bid to be born ahead of time, even though it wasn’t exactly 
ready. 


Azik was in Backlund, but he wasn’t a Planeswalker, so he couldn’t 
rush back in such short notice. 


A few rows were scribbled away. 


Megose became a monster, and the fight began. With the aid of 
the Saint’s urn, Blood Vessel Thief, and two high-level charms that 
strangely appeared, Megose died and the deity’s son was 
exorcized. Dunn Smith died as a result, and the power of Saint 
Selena’s ashes was severely damaged as well. That went perfectly 
with Ince Zangwill’s intentions. 


Ince Zangwill didn’t get a chance to showcase himself, but it didn’t 
hinder him from achieving his goal. 


He killed Klein Moretti, the fellow who kept disrupting his plans, 
and he took away Saint Selena’s ashes. 


Ince Zangwill set up a ritual with the remaining half of the 
characteristic of Death’s descendant. He consumed Saint Selena’s 
ashes and successfully advanced from Sequence 5 of the Death 
Sequence pathway, Gatekeeper, to Sequence 4 of the Evernight 
Sequence pathway, Nightwatcher. As such, he received godhood 
characteristics and became a Demigod. 


The sun continues to shine brilliantly on the land. Nearly no one 
in Tingen City realized how they narrowly escaped a huge 
disaster. Monster Ademisaul would be left very confused about it. 


The notebook was flipped to the last page. A middle-aged man 
that was holding onto the book had dark blond hair, a dark blue 
eye that was nearly black, a tall nose, and tightly pursed lips. His 
facial features were like that of a statue and didn’t have a single 
wrinkle. He held a classic quill with his slightly pale hand and 
wrote a line clearly without dipping into any ink. 


He ended with a simple sentence. 


Tingen’s story ends here. 


The papers rustled as he closed the book, leaving only a brown 
cover. 


Chapter 211: Funeral 


In the basement of Saint Selena Cathedral, in the guardroom 
outside Chanis Gate. 


Leonard Mitchell was leaning on the back of his chair, his legs 
were propped up on the table. His eyes were vacant without any 
focus. 


Even though he had been healed using ritualistic magic, he still 
looked terrible, as if he had obtained reprieve from a severe 
illness without fully recovering. 


At the moment, the powerful Beyonders sent by the Holy 
Cathedral were creating another seal behind the Chanis Gate 
since the ashes of Saint Selena was lost. They had conflicting 
opinions; some wanting to fill in the gap of power using a new 
holy item, while the others believed that there was no need to go 
through all the trouble. After all, to the Church of Evernight, holy 
items were rare and incredibly precious. What they suggested 
was lowering the presence of the Nighthawks in Tingen and 
transferring the artifacts with living characteristics or difficult- 
to-seal artifacts to the headquarters at the Cathedral of Serenity 
in Backlund’s diocese, only leaving behind those that could be 
controlled more easily. 


They intended to send a telegram to propose a meeting of the 
higher-ups, to get a vote from the archbishops and high-ranking 
deacons. 


Leonard was uninterested in this debate. He felt as if he had 
become a living corpse, with no sorrow, grief, agitation, or 
excitement. He was abnormally numb. He didn’t want to face 
anyone. All he wanted was to stay alone in the corner. 


Occasionally, he would feel puzzled about why the “murderer” 
would only take away Klein’s Beyonder characteristic and leave 
Captain Dunn Smith’s one intact. 


Thud. Thud. Thud. Footsteps reverberated in the corridor. Seeka 
Tron, whose right arm had been bandaged, appeared at the door 
of the guardroom. 


While Klein and the others were attacking Megose and 
attempting to save Tingen City, she and the Keepers within 
Chanis Gate were doing battle against a portion of the Sealed 
Artifacts. If it wasn’t for the timely arrival of the members of the 
Mandated Punishers and the Machinery Hivemind, or the 
eventual arrival of the reinforcements from the Holy Cathedral, 
she also might’ve lost her life. 


But even so, the elderly Keeper failed to last until the end. He 
fought to his death, under the call of duty. 


“Leonard, I found an unencrypted telegram in the Captain’s 
office. It was sent over by the Holy Cathedral,” Seeka Tron said. 


Leonard’s green eyes moved slightly, finally coming to life. He 
faintly recalled the sound of a new telegram coming in, but the 
battle was about to begin. He and Klein didn’t have the time to 
pay attention to it. 


“What does it say?” Leonard noticed that his tone was unusually 
raspy. 


The white-haired and black-eyed Seeka Tron replied without 
hesitation, “Beware of Ince Zangwill. Beware of Sealed Artifact 
0-08.” 


“Ince Zangwill, the archbishop that betrayed the Church, the 
Gatekeeper who failed his advancement... Sealed Artifact 0-08, 
an ordinary looking quill...” Leonard muttered at first as he 
searched his memories, then he tilted his head to the side. 


He suddenly narrowed his eyes, the dispirited feelings and 
sadness disappeared from his body. 


“So that’s how it was...” Leonard pulled his feet back and stood 
up, his green eyes burning with a passion. 


He looked at Seeka Tron and said, “I intend to apply to join the 
Red Gloves.” 


The Red Gloves was a code name for the elite team of 
Nighthawks. Under normal circumstances, Nighthawks teams 
were situated locally and had regions under their jurisdiction. 
They were not permitted to capture criminals outside of their 
area of jurisdiction without permission. As such, some evildoers 
would change their location after every crime, making it terribly 
inconvenient for the Nighthawks. 


To deal with this, the Church of Evernight set up the Red Gloves. 
They were carefully selected elites, some even possessing 
incomplete holy items. Their mission was to reinforce 
Nighthawks teams that had called for help, as well as track 
down and arrest evildoers without any restrictions. 


In some circles, they were also called “Pursuers” or “Hunting 
Dogs.” 


“Red Gloves? But their lowest requirement is Sequence 7... 
Besides, the dangers the Red Gloves face are many times higher 
than an ordinary Nighthawk Squad,” Seeka Tron said in concern 
and doubt. 


Leonard smiled coldly. 


“Tm close to advancing soon.” 


His eyes became cold. He clenched his teeth and said to himself. 


I want revenge! 


Ince Zangwill, you must live until the day I become powerful 
enough! 


“Alright...” Seeka seemed to have guessed Leonard’s thoughts. She 
sighed. “Almost half of our team will be new faces. It’s rare to see 
a Nighthawks team become so ravaged...” 


Leonard’s expression darkened. He clenched his teeth and asked, 
“Are the bodies ready?” 


“Yes.” Seeka nodded indiscernibly. 


Leonard suddenly stepped towards the door. 


“Tl notify their families.” 


I'll deal with the scene I don’t want to deal with the most. 


Ill do it... 


At 2 Daffodil Street, Melissa sat on the sofa, inspecting the three 
tickets in her hands. She was looking at the words, the printed 
date, and the seat numbers. 


Benson was sitting beside her, observing his sister with a smile. 
He had a relaxed posture. 


Suddenly, they heard the doorbell. Ding dong, ding dong. 


Melissa glanced at their busy maid Bella, then she took the three 
tickets with her and stood up, looking a little confused. She 
briskly ran to the door. 


Her black hair was shinier than it was before, her face no longer 
skinny. The color of her skin had a ruddy color, and her brown 
eyes looked brighter and energetic. 


Twisting the handle and opening the door, Melissa froze for a 
moment. She didn’t recognize their visitor. 


It was a young man with black hair and green eyes. He looked 
handsome, but his face was unusually pale. Hidden in his eyes 
was deep sorrow. 


“May I know who you are?” Melissa asked, feeling somewhat 
lost. 


Leonard had specially draped a black formal coat over his white 
shirt. He said in a raspy voice, “I’m a colleague of your brother 
Klein. 


Melissa’s heart suddenly skipped a beat. She instinctively tiptoed 
to look behind Leonard but didn’t notice anything. 


She said with a strange quiver in her voice, “Where’s Klein?” 


Leonard closed his eyes, inhaling as he said, “I’m very sorry, your 
brother Klein died at the hands of an evil criminal while he was 
trying to save others. He’s a hero, a true hero.” 


Melissa widened her eyes slowly, her body _ shaking 
indiscernibly. The three tickets in her hands dropped helplessly 
onto the floor. 


The tickets faced upward, revealing the name of the play—“The 
Return of the Count.” 


Sitting in the Moretti family’s living room, Leonard didn’t dare to 
look directly at Melissa and Benson. 


But he couldn’t stop scenes of what they looked like from 
flashing through his mind. 


That girl filled with youthfulness and vibrancy had her eyes 
wide open. She didn’t speak, and her eyes were unfocused. Her 
silence made her appear like a puppet. 


The man who looked a little like Klein maintained a normal 
posture, but he would slip into a daze from time to time. His 
words came out slowly. 


“That’s the gist of the matter. I’m very sorry that I was unable to 
prevent it in a timely manner. The Blackthorn Security 
Company, the police department, and those that he helped have 
promised a bereavement compensation of about 6000 pounds...” 
Leonard said, as his eyes darted around. 


Suddenly, Benson interrupted him. His voice was hoarse as he 
asked, “Where’s his body? I’m asking where’s Klein’s body?” 


He puckered his lips and paused. 


“When can we see him?” 


“In the company. You can see him now,” Leonard answered, 
unable to mask his grief. 


“Alright.” Benson moved his rigid lips with great difficulty. “Let 
me use the bathroom first.” 


Without waiting for Leonard’s reply, he quickly entered the 
bathroom and slammed the door closed. 


He stood in front of the sink and turned on the tap, allowing the 
water to flow. 


He bent down and repeatedly splashed water onto his face. 


As he did that, his actions came to a sudden stop. Nothing 
changed for a long time, leaving only the sound of running 
water reverberating in the bathroom. 


A few minutes later, Benson lifted his head and looked into the 
mirror. He saw that his face was covered in water droplets, the 
redness in his eyes was impossible to hide now. 


A few days later, in a corner of the Raphael Cemetery. 


After finishing Dunn’s funeral, the crowd gathered before a new 
tombstone. On it was Klein’s black-and-white photograph, a very 
scholarly photograph. 


Melissa stood before the grave, her eyes without focus. Beside 
her, Elizabeth kept wiping away her tears. 


Leonard, Benson, Frye, and Bredt carried the coffin and walked 
over, lowering the coffin into the grave. 


After the priest gave the eulogy and individual prayers, the grave 
was filled with soil, covering the black coffin bit by bit. 


At this moment, Melissa knelt down and tossed in the copper 
whistle she found on her brother’s body. 


Leonard turned and looked at the scene, his heart wincing. 
However, he admired how strong this girl was. He knew that this 
girl didn’t cry after receiving the bad news. Instead, she stayed 
pitifully quiet. 


The grave was leveled and a stone slab was laid over it. Leonard 
took a final look at Klein’s tombstone. There were three lines to 
his epitaph: 


The best elder brother, 


The best younger brother, 


The best colleague. 


Under the mournful atmosphere, the members of the Blackthorn 
Security Company gradually left. Selena and Elizabeth also bade 
farewell under the urging of their families. The only people left 
behind were Benson and Melissa. 


“Tll get a rental carriage...” Benson was in a terrible condition, it 
was as if he hadn’t slept for a long time. 


“Alright.” Melissa nodded. 


After seeing her brother leave, she turned to look at the 
tombstone. 


She squatted down and buried her face in her arms. 


After some silence, Melissa suddenly scolded, “Stupid!” 


She cried as she wept silently. Her tears just wouldn’t stop. 


Night time, at the Raphael Cemetery. 


The copper-skinned Azik stood in front of Klein’s grave holding a 
bouquet of white flowers. He didn’t speak for the longest time 
until he finally sighed and muttered to himself, “I’m sorry, I was 
ten minutes late. But I think I know who it was...” 


He bent over and set the bouquet of flowers down before turning 
to leave the cemetery. He also left Tingen, but he didn’t retrieve 
the copper whistle. 


The place was quiet and serene under the illumination of the 
crimson moonlight. 


Suddenly, the stone slab sealing the grave was flipped open. A 
pale hand extended out from the soil. 


A hand came out! 


Whoosh! 


The gravestone was shoved aside. The lid of the coffin was 
pushed open. Klein sat upright and looked around, lost. 


His memory was still frozen at the scene with the brand new 
leather boots, and the palm that grabbed onto the urn of Saint 
Selena’s ashes. Everything after that felt like a dreamless sleep. 


Klein instinctively lowered his head and unbuttoned his shirt. 
He looked at the left side of his chest, only to see that his ravaged 
injury and missing heart were squirming as they healed, similar 
to how he recovered from the bullet wound through his temple 
back when he looked into the mirror. The only difference was 
that this time, the recovery was much slower and much more 
difficult. 


Chapter 212: Avenger 


In the northern part of the Loen Kingdom, the September breeze, 
that had an additional coldness to it, howled through the 
cemetery. It was even gloomier and colder than usual. 


The cold jolted Klein back to his senses as he muttered with a 
rueful smile, “It looks like there are still some secrets behind my 
transmigration... 


“But it seems like I'll only be able to resurrect another two times 
at most, not any more... And if I were to minced up or completely 
crushed, who knows if this recovery ability that doesn’t usually 
appear would even be useful...” 


After half a minute, Klein buttoned his suit and realized that he 
was wearing his newest shirt and tuxedo, but they were now 
covered in soil and dirt. 


...Benson and Melissa really have no idea how to save moneu... 
The thought popped into his head. He supported his weight on 
his hand and flipped up into a standing position, realizing that 
he still had his Clown abilities. 


The best elder brother... The best younger brother... The best 
colleague... Klein looked at his tombstone and read the 
inscription. He felt his heart wince, seemingly sensing the 
despondent feelings Melissa and Benson had experienced. 


This is probably even more depressing than watching Captain die 


before my eyes... He sighed and retracted his gaze. He squatted 
down and closed the coffin lid. 


His thoughts were still scattered, but Klein knew that he had to 
take care of the scene as soon as possible and not let anyone 
notice. 


Resurrection wasn’t something any commoner could accept! 


If the Nighthawks, Mandated Punishers, or the Machinery 
Hivemind learned of this, Klein believed that he wouldn’t have a 
great ending. Of course, if it was on Earth, he could deceive the 
people into believing that he was the blessed one of God, the 
man of salvation, had he consumed the Lawyer or Swindler 
potions. However, in the world he was in, there was a real god, a 
real god that could respond to rituals! 


He scraped the soil back together and covered it with the stone 
slab. Klein clapped his hands and stood up once again. 


At that moment, the scene didn’t appear strange. He was just like 
a gentleman who came to offer his condolences late at night. 
The only oddity was that the person in the photo on the 
tombstone looked exactly like him. 


During the process of filling his grave, his spirituality noticed the 
existence of Azik’s copper whistle. Hence, he dug it out and wiped 
it clean. 


However, Klein didn’t intend to summon the messenger 
immediately. He decided to figure out the situation first. 


Klein lifted his left hand and saw the topaz pendant that was 


still wrapped around his wrist. 


“I guess this is considered a burial object?” He gave a self- 
deprecating laugh and took off the pendulum. He looked around, 
and his face grew solemn. “...cCaptain should be buried in this 
cemetery as well, I guess...” 


He changed directions twice and finally determined the location 
of Dunn’s tombstone using the pendulum. 


With the moonlight’s aid, Klein walked around and searched for 
about fifteen minutes until he finally saw _ Captain’s 
monochrome photo. It had a gentle expression, high hairline, 
gray eyes—nothing unusual compared to before. 


Under Dunn’s photo was his name, date of birth, date of death, 
and epitaph. 


The true guardian, 


The most trusted partner, 


The Captain forever. 


Klein looked in stunned silence and somehow his sight grew 
blurry for some baffling reason. He felt as though he had 
returned to that day again. He saw the Captain turn his head to 
him and wink. He spoke with a mellow and relaxed voice. 


“We saved Tingen.” 


Captain... Klein shouted in silence. 


He stood there like a statue for a good few minutes until he 
suddenly said with a smile, “Captain, your mental state was 
definitely not the best that day. You even said things like you 
could bring Old Neil into the dreamland if he hadn't lost control. 
He was a Mystery Pryer, and you're a Nightmare. You couldn’t 
consume the Beyonder characteristic that he left behind. Yes... 
You didn’t ask me what powerful offensive attacks I had. Was it 
trust, or did you forget about it... But, you definitely guessed 
something... I only took one Sealed Artifact and said it was for 
Leonard. Even without a brain, you could’ve guessed that I had 
the extra means for a powerful attack.” 


Having said that, Klein paused, then he shook his head and 
sighed. 


“I have no idea what I am now. Maybe I’m just an evil spirit that 
has clawed its way back from hell to seek revenge...” 


As he spoke, he suddenly stopped. His tears streamed down his 
cheeks and finally, he shouted softly with a choking voice, 
“Captain... We miss you too!” 


Klein felt the cold breeze blow past him as he lifted his hands to 
wipe his tears and blow his nose. 


He became silent again and found a hidden spot nearby. He took 
four steps counterclockwise and entered the world above the 


gray fog. 


He wanted to find the person that killed him with the aid of 
divination. He wanted to know the murderer who triggered all of 
this! 


As he’s already appeared before me, I’m sure that I can divine 
some information... Klein pursed his lips tightly together and 
saw the lofty palace and ancient mottled table as usual. 


He took the seat that belonged to The Fool. A yellowish-brown 
goatskin and fountain pen appeared before him. 


Since his physical body in reality was under limited protection, 
Klein didn’t delay and wrote down his divination statement after 
a moment’s thought. 


“The person who killed me.” 


He recited it seven times and leaned back into the chair. He 
entered his dream with the aid of Cogitation. 


In the blurry world, there were countless points of light dancing 
and gathering. In the end, they formed a scene. 


A pair of brand new leather boots, a pair of slightly pale hands, 
and the Saint Selena’s urn that was held by those hands. 


He looked up, and Klein saw a middle-aged man with short, dark 
blond hair. 


He wore a black two-button suit, and one of his eyes was 
obviously blind while the other one was so blue that it was 
almost black. His facial features were like carvings, and his face 
had no wrinkles at all. 


The image shattered and Klein woke up from his dream. His 
eyebrows were tightly knitted. He found his murderer very 


familiar. 


As a Seer, he quickly understood why he found the person 
familiar. It was because he had seen the man’s photo on a 
wanted notice! 


The murderer was Ince Zangwill! He was the former Archbishop 
of the Church of Evernight who took Sealed Artifact 0-08. He had 
failed to advance as a Gatekeeper! 


“Its him!” Countless images flashed through Klein’s head, and 
they finally stopped on the scene when Ince Zangwill picked up 
Saint Selena’s urn. 


Tap. Tap. Tap. Klein extended his hands and rapped the edge of 
the long bronze table. He felt that he suddenly understood many 
things. 


“The Captain said that a Beyonder that dies normally would 
leave behind a Beyonder characteristic. When gathered together, 
they're equivalent to a potion that lacks the supplementary 
ingredients. 


“In other words, as long as one knows the corresponding 
supplementary ingredients, they can advance using “remains”. 
Of course, one cannot consume beyond their level, as it would 
easily lead to a loss of control or going insane. 


“Hmm... Becoming a High-Sequence Beyonder would require the 
accompaniment of some special ritual. That was mentioned in 
the incomplete Unshadowed formula... The subsequent 
advancements would require a ritual as well... 


“Ince Zangwill is a Gatekeeper, a Sequence 5 from the Death 
Sequence pathway. He wanted to become a High-Sequence 
Beyonder, a Demigod. Based on the situation allowed by the 
exchanging of Sequences, he had three choices. One was 
obviously Sequence 4 in the Death Sequence pathway, second 
was Sequence 4 in the Sleepless Sequence pathway; and third 
was Sequence 4 in the God of Combat Sequence pathway, Demon 
Hunter. 


“Saint Selena was a Saint. She was either Sequence 4 or Sequence 
3. Her urn corresponds to one of the two Sequence potions... Ince 
Zangwill, who was a former Archbishop, definitely knew exactly 
which one she was, and he definitely knew the required 
supplementary ingredients... 


“Was his true motive in planning all of this to get Saint Selena’s 
ashes and advance to Sequence 4 in the Sleepless pathway? 


“Hmm, the skull of Death’s descendant, that might be an 
ingredient needed for the special ritual. It was from the Death 
Sequence pathway, after all. 


“From the looks of it, his target was the Captain, and not me. He 
really was the mastermind behind all this...” 


Having figured this out, Klein wrote down a corresponding 
divination statement. He took his pendulum and let the topaz 
hang above the surface of the paper. 


After he recited the statement, he opened his eyes and saw the 
topaz pendant spinning clockwise. 


It meant that the information he provided was sufficient, and 
the divination was successful! 


It meant that Ince Zangwill had really plotted the series of events 
in order to get Saint Selena’s ashes, to advance to Sequence 4! 


Klein rapped on the edge of the table again as he mulled over a 
different question. 


“Ince Zangwill was merely a Sequence 5 Gatekeeper. Relying on 
him alone, would make it impossible for him to create so many 
coincidences. For instance, for Megose to follow his 
“arrangements” and visit the Nighthawks at the correct time. 


“So, is it the power of Sealed Artifact 0-08? 


“Its appearance is that of an ordinary quill... Its function is to 
write down events that are bound to happen? 


“No, it couldn’t be that easy... Otherwise, Ince Zangwill could 
write that Saint Selena’s urn grew a pair of wings and flew into 
his hands. Then, he could’ve just waited at home... 


“There must be certain restrictions... 


“0-08 most likely doesn’t possess direct combat ability. 
Otherwise, Ince Zangwill could’ve stormed through Chanis Gate 
in Tingen... 


“As one of the most dangerous Sealed Artifacts, perhaps it can let 
people act according to its description without realizing it? That 
was the reason behind all the coincidences? 


“If that’s really true, then 0-08 is quite terrifying. Even Megose 
who was pregnant with the son of an evil god adhered to its 


arrangements... No wonder Grade O Sealed Artifacts are 
‘Extremely Dangerous.’ Theyre of the highest importance and of 
the highest confidentiality. Theyre not to be inquired, 
disseminated, described, or spied...” 


Klein stopped rapping the edge of the table. He divined his earlier 
guess, but, unfortunately, it failed due to a lack of information. 


He saw that a few minutes had passed, and he planned to return 
to the real world as soon as possible. Hence, he didn’t let his 
thoughts run wild but wrote down the penultimate divination 
statement. 


“The city where Ince Zangwill currently is.” 


Due to the existence of Sealed Artifact 0-08 and the fact that Ince 
Zangwill had likely become a Demigod, Klein couldn’t divine his 
exact location directly. He could only make a rough inquiry of 
the general area. 


Of course, if there wasn’t a mysterious space like the world 
above the gray fog to eliminate disturbances, he would definitely 
fail in divination, even if it was a rough inquiry. 


He leaned against the high-back chair and recited the divination 
statement seven times. He dreamed again and entered the blurry 
world. 


The blurry world suddenly cracked, and there was a wide river 
which was slightly murky. 


There was a grand bridge above the river. Both banks had ports 
lined one after another. There were many goods and many 


workers. 


To the northeast of the river, there were rows upon rows of 
houses. Most of them had the Loen Kingdom’s present-day 
architectural styles, such as polygenic roofs, oriel windows, and 
no verandah by the street. Other than that, there was a lot of 
Gothic architecture. 


The streets were filled with people and carriages. From time to 
time, strange machinery could be seen. 


The farther east he went, the more chimneys there were and the 
smokier it got. When he headed west, the elevation rose, and 
there were houses in grayish-blue, beige, and light yellow that 
spiraled up opulent castles and Gothic clock towers. 


Gong! 


The chime of a clock sounded and snapped klein back to his 
senses. He knew which city he had seen. 


The “Land of Hope,” and the “Capital of Capitals,” Backlund! 


Chapter 212: Another Look 


So Ince Zangwill has gone to Backlund... I wonder how long he'll 
stay there... Yes... I should confirm this every now and then... 
Klein leaned forward as he thought. He erased the contents on 
the goatskin and wrote a new divination statement: 


“Lanevus’s current location.” 


From his point of view, the person that caused the Captain and 
him to nearly die was undoubtedly Ince Zangwill, but the lunatic 
Lanevus was definitely an accomplice who cannot shirk from 
the responsibility. He had to pay the price in blood! 


After reciting the statement seven times, Klein once again 
entered the dream. But the scene that appeared after the foggy 
world shattered was the same as the one he had seen before! 


A wide, slightly murky river, countless piers and buildings. The 
buildings were primarily in the present Loen architectural style, 
some a little more Gothic. There were crowded streets, flourishing 
sights, chimneys that continually spewed smoke. There were 
opulent castles standing tall with the trademark Gothic clock 
towers... 


Lanevus was also in the “Land of Hope,” the “Capital of Capitals,” 
Backlund! 


Klein opened his eyes, a little confused. He had divined for 
Lanevus’s specific location, but the results were still a very 
general, vague region. 


This tells me that Lanevus’s Sequence must be much higher than I 
imagined... No, it could also be that he’s received a large benefit 
from helping the son of the True Creator descend upon this world. 
For example, a little godhood characteristics, or some object 
similar to the placenta left behind by Megose’s baby? Hmm... The 
latter would most likely have been taken away by Ince Zangwill. 
Thoughts ran through Klein’s mind as he muttered to himself 
whilst he made initial assumptions. 


After confirming the rough area where both his enemies were, 
he thought about another problem. He still didn’t have the ability 
to exact revenge! 


Even if Lanevus is only a Sequence 7, or even 8, it wouldn’t be easy 
to deal with him if he did indeed receive a large benefit. Lanevus is 
also obviously very crafty, he could outwit and defeat Beyonders 
more powerful than himself... Ince Zangwill is even more 
terrifying. He’s a Sequence 4 Demigod, and he wields a powerful 
Grade O Sealed Artifact... Although there were some secrets 
surrounding my transmigration, it’s clear that I can’t convert 
those secrets into combat strength. It’s likely that it’s not possible 
for a very long period of time... The only means that I have are to 
continue raising my Sequence, or I could collect even more 
powerful mystical items. I have to use both the methods at the 
same time... 


In between his thoughts, Klein decided to add another 
divination. 


He deliberated on the statement before writing solemnly, “My 
opportunities of becoming powerful.” 


He gently placed the pen on the table and leaned back, then he 
closed his eyes. 


He recited the statement silently and fell into a deep sleep with 


the help of Cogitation. 


In the foggy world, he once again saw the scene that he had 
previously seen. The river, piers, chimneys, crowds, castles, 
various machinery, and Gothic clock towers. He had once again 
seen the capital of the Loen Kingdom, Backlund! 


Immediately following that, the scene changed. He saw a 
magnificent peak piercing through the clouds, and, on it, he saw 
a majestic, ancient palace. He saw the giant throne carved from 
stone, adorned with dull gems and gold. He saw a strange 
vertical pupil formed from countless mysterious symbols. 


The scene shattered silently without warning. Klein slowly sat 
up and tapped on the edge of the table with his fingers. 


Backlund contains the opportunities for me to become powerful... 


Does the second scene refer to the main peak of the Hornacis 
mountain range, the treasures left behind by the Antigonus 
family? The strange vertical pupil formed by countless mysterious 
symbols which the Misfortune Cloth Puppet conveyed to me 
through the corruption from the Antigonus family’s notebook is 
the key to beginning all of this... 


Many thoughts flashed through his mind. Klein decided that he 
was in no rush to visit the Hornacis mountain range. Even a 
Sequence 4 Demigod might not be able to deal with the dangers 
that resided there. 


I guess I'll head to Backlund first... Klein sighed and made a 
decision. He enveloped himself with spirituality and stimulated 
a descent, exiting the mysterious space above the gray fog. 


When he returned to the material world, he slowly walked out of 
his hiding spot towards Dunn Smith’s grave. 


He stared deeply at the picture and epitaph. Klein slowly drew a 
crimson moon on his chest and walked out of the cemetery. 


As a former Nighthawk, a Nighthawk who had to regularly 
patrol Raphael Cemetery, he was quite familiar with the routes 
of the guards, as well its surroundings. He managed to leave the 
cemetery easily, without causing any alarm. He followed the 
gravel road into Tingen, using the shade of the trees as cover. 


The night was peaceful and the moon was ever-so dreamy. Klein 
walked alone, his thoughts running wild and unbridled. He 
sometimes considered his plan for revenge, sometimes thinking 
back to the times he spent with the Captain, sometimes recalling 
Old Neil’s hidden grief beneath his humorous facade... 


Unknowingly, Klein had entered the nearest street like a 
wandering ghost, making his way past turn after turn. 


It was two hours later when he freed himself from that state 
and regained complete control of his thoughts. 


He realized that he was standing on Daffodil Street. Opposite him 
was the house he shared with his brother and sister. 


Instinctively, Klein had returned here. 


He took a step forward with clear joy, but suddenly paused. He 
let out a bitter smile and muttered with a self-deprecating tone, 
“If 1 went up and knocked on the door, Melissa might faint from 
shock... Benson would be so nervous his hair would start to drop. 


He would then try his best to calmly convince me, in the name 
of a curly-haired baboon...” 


Shaking his head, Klein stared at the familiar door for a while 
before heading towards Iron Cross Street. 


This is fine too, this is fine too... The things that I do in the future 
will not implicate them. The compensation given to them by the 
Nighthawks team and the police department will be enough for 
them to live a stable middle-class life, even if Melissa fails to find a 
job and Benson loses his job... 


Klein walked silently for a moment before starting to feel 
fatigue. But, as someone who was “dead,” he didn’t have any 
other belongings on him except for the clothes he was wearing, 
his topaz pendulum, and Azik’s copper whistle. He didn’t have 
pounds, nor soli, nor pennies. 


Should I give the whistle a blow to send a letter to Mr. Azik and get 
him to help me? Klein laughed optimistically. Forget it, I 
shouldn’t contact him for the time being. Perhaps Ince Zangwill is 
still keeping him under surveillance. I'll look for him when the 
time is right... To an old monster who has lived countless lives for 
thousands of year, he should be able to understand resurrection... 
At least it’s not too cold tonight. I'll make do by finding a place to 
sleep for the time being and head to the Tingen branch of the 
Backlund Bank tomorrow morning to retrieve the money in the 
anonymous account. 


As there had been too many things to do lately. Klein hadn’t had 
the time to start on the experiments involving the sacrificial 
ritual. He hadn’t touched the 300 pounds in the anonymous 
account either. 


That should be enough to support my expenses for quite a while. 
Pll buy a newspaper tomorrow to confirm what day it is... Miss 


Justice and the others didn’t make any new prayers, which means 
that I didn’t miss a gathering... Klein thought as he found a spot 
that had no wind. He sat down and took off his jacket. He used it 
as a blanket and leaned on the wall to sleep. 


It wasn’t long into his sleep when he was suddenly woken by 
someone. He saw a policeman wielding a baton. 


He only had a single chevron on his epaulet, the lowest-ranking 
police constable... Klein glanced at him to ascertain his identity. 


The policeman said fiercely, “You can’t sleep here! 


“The streets and parks aren’t for you lazy, jobless vagrants to 
sleep in! 


“Those are the terms in the Poor Law!” 


Is that so? Klein froze. Given his sensitive identity, he didn’t 
argue with the policeman. 


He grabbed his jacket and continued walking until daybreak. 


Soon after, he lowered his head and entered the Tingen branch 
of the Backlund Bank. He took out 200 pounds with the password 
he had set, leaving behind a third of the money as “savings,” in 
case of any emergencies. 


Without a doubt, Klein heard “prayers” when he wrote the 
password in ancient Hermes. 


Klein then spent 38 pounds on two sets of formal wear, two 
shirts, two trousers, two pairs of leather boots, two bow ties, four 
pairs of socks, as well as two thick double-breasted jackets, two 
solid colored fur coats, and two pairs of thick trousers in 
preparation for the winter. He also bought a cane, a wallet, anda 
leather luggage bag. 


After completing his purchase, Klein found a hotel to wash up 
and change in. He rented a private carriage directly to the train 
station in Tingen in order to avoid meeting anyone familiar. 
Along the way, he purchased a newspaper and discovered that it 
was Sunday. 


It took about four hours to get from Tingen to Backlund by train. 
A luxurious first-class seat cost about three-quarters of a pound, 
or 15 soli. A second-class seat cost 10 soli, or half a pound. 


The packed, poorly-maintained third-class seats were rather 
cheap at only 5 soli. 


Klein thought for a moment before buying a seat for the two 
o'clock train, a second-class seat. 


Klein found a random spot to sit in the waiting area with his 
ticket and luggage in hand. It was only slightly after nine in the 
morning. 


He was happy that the Loen Kingdom didn’t have a strict census. 
He could prove his identity just by using the water and gas bills, 
as well as his rent for the past three months. Purchasing a train 
ticket was even easier, as all he needed was money. 


Klein suddenly had an empty feeling in his heart as he was 
sitting there, thinking about how he was about to leave for 
Backlund from Tingen in the afternoon. 


He thought about his sister who always gave him a motherly 
vibe. He thought about his brother who liked to crack cold jokes. 
He thought about how they would fill their stomachs up so much 
that they wouldn't feel like moving... 


Recalling these scenes, Klein suddenly laughed. He laughed 
bitterly, for he thought about the tortoise that Melissa called a 
“puppet,” as well as Benson’s pitiful hairline. 


He suddenly had a strong urge. He wanted to see his siblings 
again. 


At this moment, Klein suddenly realized why he hadn’t picked 
an earlier train but instead bought a ticket for the two o’clock 
train. 


He carried his luggage and left the waiting area quickly, taking a 
rented carriage back to Daffodil Street. 


He then hid in a shady area on the opposite side and looked at 
the door to his house. There were many times when he felt like 
heading over, but he couldn’t bring himself to cross the wide 
street. 


Klein looked across the road in a daze, suddenly having a feeling 
of homelessness. He’d had a similar feeling when he had just 
transmigrated. 


Suddenly, he saw the door to the house open as Melissa and 
Benson came out. 


Melissa was wearing a black dress and black veiled hat. Benson 
was in a shirt, vest, trousers, coat, and hat, all in black. They 


both had numb, sullen expressions. 


Melissa has become skinnier... Why is Benson so haggard... 
Klein’s heart winced in pain. He opened his mouth but couldn’t 
shout out their names. 


Without realizing it, he followed Benson and Melissa to the 
nearest municipal square. He saw that tents had been erected 
there again. A new circus troupe was in town for a performance. 


Benson took out some money and purchased the entrance tickets 
and led Melissa into the circus. He forced a smile. 


“This circus troupe is very famous.” 


Melissa nodded without expression. 


“Okay.” 


Suddenly, she slipped and almost fell. 


Klein, who was also buying a ticket, opened his mouth. He 
wanted to help his sister, but he could only retract the hand he 
had instinctively extended and stood helplessly in the busy 
crowd. 


Benson jumped in fright, but he was too late to help. However, 
Melissa quickly steadied herself. She puckered her lips and said 
nothing. 


At this moment, clowns swarmed forward, some performing 


balancing acts on wheels or large rubber balls, others tossing 
countless tennis balls into the air, then ridiculously catching 
every one of them. 


Melissa seemed to disregard the clowns as she looked at the 
performance. Benson tried to lift his sister’s spirits by cheering, 
but he didn’t succeed. He slowly turned sullen too. 


Klein puckered his lips tightly as he watched this scene from 
afar. He wanted to approach them, but he didn’t dare to. 


Suddenly, he touched the wallet in his jacket and had an idea. 


Benson and Melissa continued walking forward, silently 
watching the various performances. 


Some time later, they saw a clown running towards them. His 
face was painted in colorful pastels. At first, he threw a tennis 
ball into the air, and, while the attention of the surrounding 
people was drawn to the air, he conjured a flower out of thin air. 
It was a Seville Chrysanthemum. 


The clown brought the flower before Melissa and Benson. The 
flower was golden in color and symbolized happiness. 


Melissa and Benson looked at the clown in a daze. All they saw 
was a wide smile plastered over the pastel face. It was a happy 
smile, an exaggerated smile, a ridiculous smile. 


Author Notes: 


First of all, I would like to thank all of you for your appreciation 
and subscription. I should have made a speech at the end of 
June, but I think the first one will be finished soon. I can write it 
together and wait until today. 


This man, in his thirties, his energy, especially his mind, has 
really dropped a lot. At the time of the Throne of Magical Arcana, 
I wrote five chapters and 15,000 chapters a day, just like beating 
chicken blood. However, since the latter part of my life, I have 
written three chapters a day at most. Besides sleeping and 
eating, I was thinking about the plot and writing stories. As a 
result, I had abnormal mental states such as anxiety and 
depression. I was also able to adjust to it in time. At that time, I 
had old physical problems and stayed in the hospital for half a 
month. 


Therefore, we can only compromise with our physical and 
mental conditions, one chapter in the morning, one chapter in 
the afternoon, rest in the evening, keep healthy, and then leave 
two copies to keep the update on time, avoid anxiety, and 
consider writing three chapters only when we are in good 
condition and have a clear mind. 


In June, I can honestly say that my dog’s life is for the 
manuscript... For a whole month, I didn’t write three chapters 
for more than four days, and the rest depended on saving my 
manuscript. At last, the saved manuscript fell to the bottom line 
of two. 


Well, I can only reluctantly say that let’s win by the quality... 


With the update, it is the summary of the first book. Basically, 
what should be expressed has been expressed. The title of 
“Clown” runs through the whole situation. Hehe, you can look 
back at the testimony. I said that the various structures of this 
book are the most comprehensive I have considered, and they 
echo each other before and after. We will wait and see. Well, I 


think they are qualified. 


The first one I’ve never tried before is written as a short story 
and medium story, with the overall consideration of embedding 
thread and layout design. Of course, the foreshadowing of the 
full text will certainly remain. In short, judging from the current 
results, the attempt is still successful, which is gratifying. 


On the character, haha, I will not say more, or you'll be sent a 
blade... 


Of course, there is some dissatisfaction. First, when the “party”, 
“event”, “practice” and “daily” began to show a fixed cycle, my 
feeling of writing decreased, and I believe the reading feeling 
was the same. Therefore, I tried to jump off the timeline, and 
after jumping, the initial cut was relatively crude, but gradually 
improved. Second, after the death of Old Neil, the overall tone 
showed the original gray, and then I cut into daily life, I feel a bit 
wrong, so I deleted some of the scheduled plots and speeded up 
the progress. 


Secretly I set around six to eight books. The volume name of each 
book will be the name of the sequence, but it is not necessarily 
Klein’s “Seer” pathway. It mainly depends on the theme or 
metaphor of the book. 


Finally, the first part is finished. According to the usual practice, 
we need to take a leave of absence and rest, sort out the outline, 
find the second entry point, and work out the general plot. Well, 
rest for a day and a half, and resume the update at noon the day 
after tomorrow. Also, I will update some data of “0-08” on the 
Weixin Gongzhong later. It is not related to the work, but I afraid 
that the new readers will see it, and the first part will lose half 
of the fun. I will build a Sealed Artifacts form in the book review 
area. If you have any idea about the Sealed Artifacts, you can use 
it there. Maybe they will adopt, well, try not to copy the SCP 
foundation. 


By the way, the second book is the “Faceless”, please look 
forward to it 


Also, after self-praise and self-criticism, shouldn’t everyone 
encourage with the monthly ticket? 


xi hq aie 


= oe oe sa at we wR y 
d¥= o5° : = ie 


aide ON Ty xh 


Nh 


a ae - a: 
f= Se hs 


ign 4 oe 


\ aA ie aa 
o- 


“trae an B ; 
ie PR i€ « 
me st 4 
a © ¢ GS © ¢ 


Aga ee 
Ws ‘ae 


ig. 2 


ae va 3 : i Y \ | (\ 
SS Pee | Noa 
= 5 ; ; 4f{ 


lA 


ay . . my Py 

Oo AION S YH 8 Ger Se % ; Eee a & 

es r ed ©Oxwy © x 
7) ie 


Hl 


| 
F rats f 


Pathways 
Guide 


> The SiollowingZ7pagesxcontaingSpoiler: 


[image] 


Eternal Darliness 
~ Gvilight Giant Pathway - 


IW eS 
Z bY 
J INS 
Nay er” 


“Che “Gwilight Giant 
‘Pathway has traditional 
warrior abilities, includin 
many powerful combat 


capabilities, both Offensiv 
and defensive. 


a Sa 


“Chey can easily master a 


a 


= 
<= 


mMeapons, conure powery 


ep 


weapons and armor, dest 
evil spirits, take damage f 


See 


others, enter an almost 
unbreakable defensive 
stance, and wield 
extreme strength, 


speed, and agility. 


STRENGTH 


DEATH 


Eternal Darliness 
~ Death Pathway ~ 


“Che Death Pathway 

is notable for its powers 
related to the dead and 
spirits. 

“Chey can create zombies 
summon spirits to fight 
them, resist cold and dec 
travel through the Spirit 
World, communicate wit 
the dead, and have enhanc 
abilities to fight the undex 
wraiths, and other 


Svil Spivits. 


v 
X \ 
\ sie 
Ss SSS — : zy clans 


THE STAR 


Eternal Darliness 
~ Darkness Pathway - 


“Che Darkness Pathway 
has powers related to 
the night and souls. 
“Chey gain strength 
during nighttime, can 
pacify souls, enter others 
dreams, cast Ao&S sleep 
spells, see in the dark, 
ano suppress their 
enemies’ moods 

and desires. 


| 
F rats f 


Image 
Gallery 


> The SiollowingZ7pagesxcontaingSpoiler: 


- The Fool - 


ite mes Aw 


= ~ Alger: Wilson ‘t 
- The Hanged Iiian - 


= Derrick Sas 
~ The Sun - 


‘Klein Moretti Early Stage) 


toe 
fe Er ER IG: 
ss 


Jonjof 
mets Mat 


= —— F ? 'e 
Dunn Smith 


> 
< 


ai 


se ty LK BBE itt ae 


- ivination C 


[image] 


To be continued in... 


ehidus 


In the waves of steam and machinery, 
who could achieve extraordinary? 


In the fogs of history and darkness, 
who was whispering? 
| woke up from the realm of mysteries 
and opened my eyes to the world. 
ie 
Firearms, cannons, battleships, 
airships, and difference machines. 1 
. Potions, divination, Curses, hanged-man, 
} and sealed artifacts... | pm 
Che lights shone brightly, 
yet the secrets of the world were never for oway. 


This was a legend of the Fal”. 


cd 
BBB ig 
ies Le 
KALA 
Bai 
tae 
rrTyitee 
“& ua < ~i } i 
j f i 
if " 3 


DEM) 


Patek 
igs 3 


WEBNOVEL 


