Chapter 501: Bait

After sending the telegram and cleaning up the desk, White Shark Hamilton relaxed completely. He was finally in the mood to consider the details of what had happened to him.

The first question that popped into his mind was: What about the bouncers outside?

He propped himself up with both hands and walked heavily to the door. When he opened it to take a look, he found that several of his men were standing there unsteadily, trading bawdy jokes.

Hamilton felt a surge of anger, but he soon calmed down. The muscles in his face twitched slightly as he pounded on the open door.

Thump!

The bouncers were startled and instinctively turned to look at the door.

"Boss..."

"Boss..."

Seeing who had made the sound, they hurriedly straightened up and stammered.

White Shark took a deep breath and asked, "Did you see anyone enter my room?"

"Yes, Lardero. He said that there was a situation downstairs." The bouncers were confused by the question. "Boss, you were the one who let him in..."

As soon as they finished talking, they suddenly thought of other explanations and asked, "Boss, was something inside stolen?"

Hamilton's expression sank, and he shook his head.

"Don't doze off!"

Thud! He stepped back and slammed the door, leaving the bouncers to exchange puzzled looks and wonder whether their boss was drunk.

Back in the room, the tall, heavyset Hamilton frowned and began pacing.

"Lardero, Lardero, they saw Lardero... That guy, that guy, can he change his appearance to look like someone else?" As a collaborator who helped pirates sell their loot and gather intelligence, White Shark Hamilton was no stranger to the many rumors circulating at sea. The first person who came to mind was the former pirate admiral Qilangos, who was said to be capable of turning into anyone.

However, his thoughts quickly moved on.

It might not have been that mystical ability. If the rumors are even close to the truth, illusions, suggestions, and mental manipulation can all produce similar effects.

Hmm, there's something amiss. That fellow appeared refined and gentle on the outside, but he's inwardly mad and possesses terrifying strength. Given the personality he displayed, he should've knocked out or killed anyone who saw him before strolling over and very politely knocking!

If he wanted to avoid creating a huge commotion, leaving too many clues, or exposing secrets related to his Sequence, he could've used a more covert method, like climbing through the window...

How contradictory... There's only one explanation. He was putting on an act!

Was he disguising his personality or his strength? Or both?

When he thought of this, Hamilton suddenly stopped and put all the details together.

That guy is a novice! His madness is a disguise! His display of strength relies on some mystical item!

Yes, that must be it!

That would explain the contradictions. He didn't climb the walls and enter through the window because he's a Low-Sequence Beyonder who lacks that sort of ability. His mystical item doesn't specialize in that domain... To enter my room successfully, he was willing to lower his head and address me as "boss" because he relied entirely on the mystical item. He isn't very confident in himself and lacks genuine pride and madness... He acted like a madman to complement the mystical item's ability to inspire terror, using that pressure to extract information.

This also perfectly explains why he left just like that. He came looking for me because obtaining such a powerful mystical item had inflated his ambitions. He wants to capture and kill some pirates to make a fortune. Once he learned that I serve Silver Coin Viper Oder and Old Quinn, Admiral of Blood's intelligence officer, and am even involved with Queen Mystic, he became frightened. He chose to leave after putting on a perfunctory show. He didn't dare kill anyone!

The more Hamilton thought about it, the closer he felt he was to the truth. He hurriedly set up the radio transceiver again, consulted the codebook, and added a telegram concisely describing his theory.

He didn't believe that he was being targeted by a hunter because everything that had happened was merely the result of the inflated ambitions of a young man who had enjoyed a fortuitous encounter. He also listed the target's distinguishing features.

"Blond, blue eyes, not crazy, and even a little timid.

"Possesses a rather mystical item that might allow one to change their appearance and create illusions. Considering the terror it inspires, the latter is more likely to be true.

"He's just a novice who doesn't have much experience. He specializes in mimicking a powerful aura with the help of the item!

"He knows a thing or two about me, and he doesn't look like an outsider who's here in Damir Harbor for the first time."

Tap. Tap. Tap. Hamilton stopped his finger and leaned back in satisfaction, his chair creaking under his weight.

The corners of his mouth curled up slightly, as though he could already envision the fate of the bastard who had just left.

"It wouldn't end well for a fellow with a very low Sequence despite possessing a powerful mystical item at sea. Many greedy sharks would rush toward him!

"When the time comes, I'll no longer have to worry about my problems being exposed!"

Under the night sky, the harbor was rather quiet. After leaving the Flying Fish & Wine, Klein took a long detour. He first walked quickly before moving slowly, his pace gradually turning into a stroll.

When he was sure that no one was following him, he turned his face back to Gehrman Sparrow as he passed through the shadows. He stuffed the hem of his shirt into his trousers.

He adjusted his sideburns and took out his gold-rimmed glasses, placing them on the bridge of his nose. The refined appearance now carried an air of coldness.

He began to rely on the stars to find his way back to the White Agate.

As he walked, he let out a soft chuckle. Amidst the cold wind, he leisurely thought, I hope White Shark isn't that foolish and is able to see the flaws I left behind...

The persona he had established tonight was that of a new adventurer who lacked experience and made mistakes. At the same time, this person knew a great deal about Damir Harbor and White Shark. He carried a tempting mystical item that had affected his mind, leaving him a little mad beneath the surface.

Klein's initial idea was that pirates would wander around the ocean, and even the navy would have a hard time finding them. If he could get more accurate information from White Shark, he could of course go straight to them. If that didn't work, his identity could be used as a bait to lure some knowledgeable pirates to a predetermined location to complete the initial hunt.

When he discovered that White Shark could contact Old Quinn, Admiral of Blood's intelligence officer, Klein's plan was complete. Acquiring the passcodes and frequency spectrum would allow him to monitor their communications and track his targets' movements. Then, by interfering with others' divinations, he could present himself at the right moment as a weak adventurer carrying a powerful mystical item, using himself as bait to catch several big fish.

The problem now is that I don't have the equipment to monitor their communications... It's practically impossible to buy it at sea... I'll have to use The World's identity to ask Miss Justice or Miss Magician to buy one in Backlund. I'll receive it through a sacrificial ritual... This is the advantage of the Tarot Club! With this in mind, Klein sighed.

When the White Agate came into view, he quickened his pace a little and found that Donna's family and Cleves were returning from another street.

Cleves greeted him with a nod. Just as when they had first formally met, he said in a low voice, "I heard there was trouble at Flying Fish & Wine?"

Very well-informed and rather familiar with Damir Harbor... Klein smiled and replied, "I only taught two cheats a lesson."

Cleves's brows twitched slightly, suddenly feeling that his impression of Gehrman Sparrow was a little wrong.

From his previous observations and interactions, he had felt that although this young adventurer was somewhat sharp, reserved, and cold, he still smiled, remained polite, and knew when to advance or retreat. Now, however, he was less certain. He sensed that a flame of madness might be hidden in the recesses of the man's heart.

At this moment, Donna's father interrupted, "Mr. Cleves, who is this?"

"A colleague, Gehrman Sparrow," Cleves introduced him simply.

With a polite smile, Klein extended his right palm.

"It's my honor to meet you. In the future, if you need anyone, and if you can't find Cleves and the others, you can consider me."

"No problem. I hope you're as strong and professional as them!" Donna's father shook hands with Klein with apparent warmth and introduced himself, "Urdi Branch."

Klein had just released his grip on Urdi's hand when his spiritual perception was triggered. He sensed something strange inside the gift boxes carried by the Branch family's servants.

He quietly activated his Spirit Vision and discovered that the gift boxes contained strips of cured meat. However, the red, white, and black spots on the meat's surface displayed exceptionally rich colors, making them look like things from the spirit world.

There's the aura of the spirit world, but they're practically harmless... This cured meat is very special... Klein was surprised.

Noticing his gaze, Donna's father laughed and said, "This is a specialty of Damir Harbor. In the center of the island, there's an extinct volcano. There are a few cracks in the surrounding underground caves where a natural hot wind blows. Curing meat there allows the meat to gain a wonderful and unique flavor. It can be used as gifts for friends.

"Mr. Sparrow, if you wish to buy some, it's not too late."

Unique flavor? The taste of the spirit world? Klein had a rough idea of what was going on.

According to theories in mysticism, the spirit world completely overlaps reality without interfering with it. One had to rely on the strength of a Beyonder to open up a gap, but this wasn't an absolute situation. There were places where the spirit world's presence was strong enough to slightly influence reality.

In such regions, the dead could easily turn into water ghosts, zombies, and the like. Residences in such areas also had a significant chance of experiencing paranormal activity.

A similar phenomenon must have occurred in the interior of Damir Harbor's underground caves, but it's not serious and doesn't cause any abnormalities, only giving the cured meat a unique flavor... There wouldn't be any problems as long as one didn't eat too much of this in one sitting... Klein responded with a smile.

"I'm not interested in cured meat."

Only at this moment did he finally confirm that the cured meat that the bartender had previously served him was ordinary and nothing special.

At this moment, the little boy, Denton, pointed at the moon in the sky and said, "It's so red!"

"Yeah!" Donna nodded in agreement.

Very red? Klein looked up and saw that the red moon was no different than usual.

Because a child's spirit is relatively pure, he temporarily possesses certain Spirit Vision powers after being tainted with the spirit world's aura from eating such cured meat? Would the children on this island be in a similar situation? Heh heh, this might be the source of Damir Harbor's folklore... Klein observed for a moment and found the answer.

The group strolled back to the ship, moving up the gangway and arriving on the deck.

Klein bade them farewell and went to the second-class cabin.

Suddenly, his mind stirred and he once again activated his Spirit Vision.

He saw the huge skeleton messenger appear in front of him and drop a letter.

Chapter 502: The Scene in Azik's Memories

Pa! Klein stretched out his hand and caught the slightly heavy letter.

The huge skeletal messenger didn't linger. It immediately disintegrated into a fountain of bones that fell one after another onto the deck and disappeared, as though it didn't want to remain a second longer.

With the letter firmly in his hand, Klein didn't lower his head to examine it. Instead, he instinctively turned around and looked at the wooden staircase leading to the first-class cabins.

He saw Donna and Denton with their eyes wide and mouths agape, as though they wanted to scream at the sight of the scene, but everything they saw was over before they could make a sound. As a result, they even wondered if they were hallucinating.

Children who eat Damir Harbor's special cured meat temporarily gain some degree of Spirit Vision... Klein's brows twitched slightly. Just as he had during the murloc hunt, he raised his left index finger vertically to his lips, signaling the two children to remain silent.

The already rather tall Donna immediately raised her hand and covered her mouth. She nodded in fear and excitement, indicating that she understood.

When she looked diagonally down, she saw that her brother was still in a daze. She quickly grabbed his arm and pushed his hand against his mouth.

Cleves and Cecile sensed that something was wrong with them. They stopped and looked at Klein, but they discovered nothing.

Facing their stares, Klein calmly nodded and continued walking to his room.

A gold coin had appeared in his hand without anyone realizing. It was tossed up, and it tumbled around as though it possessed life.

Ding!

The gold coin landed with a number facing up, indicating a negative result.

This meant that the tiny episode wouldn't be detrimental to Klein.

Seriously, the current messenger isn't polite at all. It's not like the previous one who would tap my shoulder or nudge my body to give an advance warning, or just convert my surroundings into a spiritual world to prevent ordinary people from seeing him... Klein lampooned as he took out his key and opened the door.

He sat down on the edge of the low bed, lit a candle with only half its length remaining, and opened Mr. Azik's response letter.

As he pulled out the items inside, the first one that caught his eye was the Black Emperor card.

Looking at the face that always irritated him, Klein let out a breath of relief and eased his worries.

He wasn't afraid that Mr. Azik would refuse to return it; he trusted him that much, at least. After all, the potion formula and corresponding rituals could be copied, while only the convergence properties of high-level materials couldn't be replicated. Since this clearly wasn't Azik's pathway or one of the pathways he could switch to, a powerhouse like him had no need for it.

Klein had been worried that the messenger would be robbed and that he would lose the Card of Blasphemy, which helped him tremendously while in his Spirit Body state.

This wasn't impossible. The spirit world's strange creatures were innumerable, and some were surely adept at locating messengers and robbing them.

The Black Emperor card was returned along with the copper whistle from the Numinous Episcopate.

After temporarily putting away these two items, Klein unfolded the important letter and read Azik's reply.

"That card that depicts the Black Emperor reminds me of certain scenes. The mountain-tall Blood Emperor wore a red cape. 'His' eyes were abnormally crazed, almost devoid of reason. He was on the brink of losing control. Then there was the true Black Emperor, revived from death. 'He' sat on a gigantic throne, overlooking the land.

"When I looked up at them, the Blood Emperor glanced at me, and I lost consciousness.

"I must have participated in the War of the Four Emperors in some capacity, but I still need to recall the exact details. Perhaps an injury I suffered back then caused me to lose my memories again and again as I repeatedly died and reawakened.

"The legend of Death's treasure trove in the Berserk Sea doesn't ring any bells. Perhaps I'll be able to sense something and be naturally attracted to it when I travel to the Southern Continent by boat and pass through that sea.

"The experience of that copper whistle's owner resembles an Undying's ritual, but there are also clear differences. I can sense an evil aura and a premonition of danger. I believe the owner of the copper whistle is in a strange and terrifying state.

"It's best that you don't blow that copper whistle and summon the messenger. Doing so will bring extreme danger. We can make further attempts when I fully recover my memories and figure out what that experience really means.

"The feather left behind by the copper whistle's owner that you mentioned can be used in the domain of the undead. It's a unique material that's rich in spirituality. When I recall more, I'll organize some rituals and charms that use it. Speaking of this matter, I recall that you'd asked me about the method for removing the mental corruption from a Beyonder characteristic. This will likely need more time. At the very least, I'm still a blank slate in this aspect.

"Also, I vaguely remember that in the Southern Continent, there are strange creatures called Feathermen.

"It's best to seal that card; otherwise, it might attract powerful enemies and many disasters. I can give you some techniques. This isn't too difficult. First, an improved wall of spirituality..."

As expected, the Card of Blasphemy has a convergence effect when activated... It's a good thing that I previously left it above the gray fog... According to Mr. Azik's description, he shouldn't be an amnesiac Death. Otherwise, he wouldn't have looked up at the Blood Emperor and the Black Emperor... It's likely that he's a son of Death who participated in the War of the Four Emperors at that deity's side. Unfortunately, he suffered severe injuries... As these thoughts ran through his mind, Klein produced a flame and burned the letter.

Then, he tried the sealing technique and practiced what Azik had taught him in the letter.

After doing all of this, he held a ritual and brought the Black Emperor card and the Numinous Episcopate's copper whistle into the mysterious space above the gray fog, eliminating any possibility of an accident.

There was no doubt that Klein had no wish to suddenly meet the King of the Five Seas, Nast, at sea.

Early in the morning, the sun rose above the horizon and dyed it golden.

Klein went to the rather poorly stocked second-class buffet, ate two slices of toast with bacon and butter, and drank a cup of lemon tea.

After filling his stomach, he went to the deck to breathe in the fresh air and enjoy the beautiful early-morning scenery.

Then he saw a drunken Captain Elland returning, his straight sword swaying at his side.

Thinking back to last night's incident, Klein came over and said without a smile, "Good morning.

"White Shark didn't cause you any trouble, right?

"He should be able to determine that I'm a passenger of the White Agate."

Dressed in a dark red coat, Elland took off his ship-shaped hat and laughed.

"This is his own problem.

"Actually, he wanted you to pay half the cost of repairing the bar counter, but it wasn't much, just a few soli. I happened to win six pounds last night, so I gave him some extra as a tip, and that was the end of it."

Captain, were you afraid that a crazy adventurer like me would blow the whole thing out of proportion just to save face, so you chose to pay the compensation yourself? Klein was silent for a few seconds.

"I understand."

Then, he turned and walked back to the bow, leaving two soft words: "Thank you."

When Klein returned to his original position, he felt the sea breeze against his face. He slowly exhaled, thinking that maintaining a persona was too goddamn hard.

After enjoying the wind for a while, he was about to return to the cabin when two figures suddenly appeared beside him. They were Donna and Denton.

Cecile, who was in charge of protecting them, was a few paces away.

Donna had obviously not slept well last night. Her eyes were puffy, and her face was gloomy, but she was in high spirits. She was obviously imitating Klein's taking in of the scenery, but her eyes were darting around nimbly.

Just as Denton, who was in a similar state as her, wanted to speak, she spoke first.

"Uncle, what was that last night?"

As she spoke, she looked ahead without turning her head, but her body was trembling slightly, as though she was recalling the scene she had seen.

"It was a messenger. You can think of him as a postman." Klein also didn't look at the two little kids, as though he was talking about what he had for breakfast.

"Messenger?" Denton almost lost control of the volume of his voice.

"The world is vast, so there are bound to be strange creatures in it. Trust me, although this creature looks ferocious and terrifying, it's actually very gentle and professional... It merely delivered a letter from a friend who's far away," Klein explained lightly, trying to portray the four-meter-tall messenger as pitiful, weak, and helpless.

After a night of panic, and because she hadn't been harmed in any way, Donna was much calmer. Her eyes lit up as she said, "Well, that's amazing!

"It's like listening to a story!"

"Very cool!" Denton also expressed his opinion.

Then he asked in puzzlement, "But why didn't anyone else see it? No one reacted!"

"That's because your hearts are pure." Klein smiled.

This was a white lie. After all, he couldn't just say that it was a problem with the special cured meat. That would only tempt the two curious children into experimenting.

Quite apart from the fact that consuming large amounts would make one ill, having Spirit Vision activate at random was extremely dangerous. Even though Klein could now sustain the drain of Spirit Vision for a long time, he still didn't dare keep it active. Sometimes, seeing things one shouldn't could lead to madness or death!

"C-can we have a messenger of our own?" Donna asked, curious and excited.

"That will depend on luck," Klein answered simply and calmly.

He couldn't help but lampoon inwardly, I don't even have a messenger of my own!

To obtain a messenger, he had to devise a precise summoning ritual and prepare a corresponding contract with a spirit world creature. This required specialized knowledge, and attempting it at random could easily summon something dangerous, so Klein didn't dare try recklessly.

"Yeah. Yeah." Donna looked forward to it.

Then, she whispered, "Uncle, we'll keep this a secret for you."

Beside her, Denton nodded solemnly.

At this moment, a new passenger that intended to board in Damir Harbor carried his suitcase as he walked onto the deck.

After sending the telegram, Blazing Danitz reasoned that the captain might have instructions for him, so he decided to cut his holiday short and await orders in Bayam, the capital of the Rorsted Archipelago.

Through his own channels, he had obtained a ticket, put on a wig, blackened his eyebrows, and easily boarded the White Agate, waiting for the liner to blow its whistle.

Sigh, as Emperor Roselle said, capable people always have to do a little more work... As Danitz walked towards the cabin, he looked around leisurely. Suddenly, he saw a familiar figure.

It was a young adventurer in a black coat, gentle in appearance and mad in nature. He was standing at the bow of the ship, beaming at him like a gentleman.

The muscles in Danitz's face began to stiffen.

Author's Notes:

Still no extra chapters... However, aside from taking a break at the end of this section, I've maintained a steady update schedule the rest of the time, which is worthy of praise--for myself.

Now, a word about Lord of Mysteries itself. I've been writing the third volume, "Traveler," for almost ten days, and the plot has progressed slowly. This is actually the effect I wanted. Klein has left the room full of monsters and entered an ocean where bosses aren't quite so numerous, so he no longer needs to remain constantly vigilant and in danger. The atmosphere need not be so oppressive, and the pace will naturally be comparatively slow.

Under the title "Traveler," I hope to show you the local color and fascinating customs of different parts of this mysterious world, along with extraordinary creatures and the abilities of more Sequences, making the world richer and more real. Of course, the plot will still contain conflict, danger, and excitement, but these elements won't be packed so densely together. They will be spaced sensibly throughout Klein's search for the mermaids, the Faceless's journey, his cooperation and conflicts with the Seven Pirate Admirals and Four Pirate Kings, and the legends of hidden treasure, strung through those experiences like pearls. In short, Gehrman Sparrow's name will spread across the sea.

In fact, a quiet, easygoing plot is the hardest kind to write. I have to consider the pacing before and after it and ensure that it remains interesting rather than dull or empty. My writing speed has slowed considerably of late, and with exercise three times a week, I truly can't produce bonus chapters in the near future.

Finally, with the new month approaching, please encourage me to make the third volume better and better.

In truth, I have no interest in the competition. Laziness accounts for a small part of that; most of it comes from respecting everyone's money. No one's money blows in on the wind. Read the book, save up your monthly tickets, and cast them. There's no need to spend anything more. I'll only consider accepting rewards when I have enough energy to provide bonus chapters. I don't want readers who enjoy my work to feel burdened by supporting me. Isn't it better for everyone to read quietly and happily?

If I ever take first place in the competition, I hope it will be because there are so many of us and our foundation is so strong that we can eat hot pot, sing songs, and stroll effortlessly into first place. Well, one should still have dreams, right? And for the sake of that dream, I must keep writing better, never grow complacent, and always challenge myself!

All right, once again, I'm asking for monthly tickets. Just do what you can. The main goal is to place near the front, where the promotional effect is strong and brings in more subscriptions. Every little bit is money!

Today's updates will still arrive at the usual times: 12:30 p.m. and 7:00 p.m.

Chapter 503: Hostage

Upon discovering a pirate with a 3,000-pound bounty aboard the ship in disguise, Klein immediately became wary. He smiled at Denton and Donna beside him and said, "I've found a friend."

He calmly walked toward Vice Admiral Iceberg's fourth boatswain, his gaze fixed on the other man.

Blazing Danitz's smile froze when he saw the young adventurer, madness coursing through his veins, slowly approaching. A thought suddenly flashed through his mind: Run! Run as fast as you can! Do your best to escape! Even if I have to use Beyonder powers and expose my identity, I have to flee immediately!

In his eyes, the reserved and stern adventurer was a genuine monster draped in human skin!

Just as Danitz was about to make his move, he suddenly calmed down because he remembered what happened last night: the adventurer hadn't attacked him and had allowed him to leave!

That is to say, he isn't necessarily hostile or intent on hunting me down. I can reason with him and resolve this crisis... Running away outright would only lead to conflict... Thoughts raced through Blazing Danitz's mind. Drawing on his extensive experience, he forced his legs to remain still and waited.

Klein walked over, one step at a time, and smiled.

"Good morning, we meet again."

That gentle and courteous smile of his made Danitz shudder for some inexplicable reason. He pursed his lips and said, "Good morning."

Klein maintained his persona, his expression turning cold.

"What are you doing on the ship?"

"Heading to the Rorsted Archipelago," Blazing Danitz, a famous pirate in his own right, answered honestly.

"Why are you heading there?" Klein calmly asked.

Danitz forced a smile and said, "Waiting for our captain's orders. Perhaps there will be a mission arranged for me."

He's probably going to chase me off the ship. After all, having a pirate aboard poses a potential risk... After speaking, Danitz speculated about what might happen next.

For him, this was considered a pretty good result. At most, he would waste a ticket.

Klein fell silent, so silent that Danitz's hair stood on end.

It was a full five or six seconds before he spoke again.

"Which cabin do you live in?"

"First class, Room 312." Danitz raised the ticket in his hand.

He didn't dare to look down for fear that the enemy would seize the opportunity to launch a surprise attack.

Klein gave an almost imperceptible nod.

"Is there a servant room?"

"Yes," Blazing Danitz subconsciously answered, but his heart was at a loss. He had no idea why the man was asking him such a question.

Then, he heard the man say to him in the flat tone one might use when speaking to a subordinate, "You'll sleep there."

Ah? Where? I'll be sleeping in the servant's room? Aren't you going to chase me off the ship? Danitz was somewhat stunned as he blurted out, "Why?"

Klein glanced at him and said one word in a faint voice, "Hostage."

Hostage? He's worried that I'm a planted agent on the ship, making it easier for the pirate fleet to plunder the White Agate, so he plans to use me as a hostage? That's reasonable. If it really is as he suspects, then it wouldn't stop the pirate fleet's attack even if I'm chased off the ship. It's better to hold me hostage to aid in the negotiations... Dogshit. I hate this kind of arrogant, cold person who doesn't say much. They always only say a word or two, or even just an utterance, leaving me to guess the rest! I-if I'm really not his match, then I wouldn't even mix with such company! Why did I previously think that his temper matched my tastes? I must've been mad... Danitz gritted his teeth as he thought.

"Fine." He exhaled helplessly.

"To your cabin." Klein maintained the perfect Gehrman Sparrow persona.

Phew... Blazing Danitz carried his suitcase, reluctantly leading the monster draped in human skin to the cabin. They went to the upper deck and arrived at Room 312.

After opening the door, Klein took a quick look around and found the accommodations several times better than those in second class.

The living room was about thirty square meters and was connected to a master bedroom and three servant rooms. It had a separate bathroom, a standard wardrobe, and a mahogany desk.

Danitz put down his suitcase and glanced at the servant rooms. He suddenly thought of an important question.

"Is the master bedroom going to be left empty just like that?"

The moment he finished speaking, he already knew the answer.

"It's mine." Klein smiled like a gentleman.

As expected, to watch over me... Danitz felt depressed.

Klein paced on the carpet in the room and said while pointing to the door, "Come with me downstairs."

"Alright." Danitz was a little lost, unsure what the man was up to.

The adventurer and the famous pirate soon arrived at the second-class cabins and found Klein's original room.

After opening the door, Klein didn't enter. He pointed inside and said to Danitz, "Tidy the things on the desk and put them in the suitcase."

What? Tidy things? You want me to help tidy things up? Danitz was almost stunned.

In a blink of an eye, he felt a surge of anger rush to the top of his head.

How can I, Blazing Danitz, Vice Admiral Iceberg's fourth boatswain, a famous pirate with a bounty of 3,000 pounds, be driven like a servant!

My dignity and my reputation won't allow me to accept such humiliation!

Klein gave him a cold look when he saw that Blazing Danitz was standing motionless like a petrified statue.

Danitz's body suddenly trembled.

He took a deep breath and replied with a smile that looked worse than tears, "All right."

Aggrieved, he bent over and entered the cabin that didn't have a very high ceiling, swiftly putting the items that were scattered outside into the suitcase.

Without needing Klein to remind him, he placed the things in order, even more carefully than how he dealt with his own luggage.

After doing all this, he carried the suitcase and followed Klein upstairs.

Along the way, he repeatedly felt the urge to attack the man from behind, but in the end, he restrained himself.

After returning to Room 312, Danitz clenched his teeth, swallowed his saliva, and said, "How should I address you?"

"Gehrman Sparrow," Klein responded succinctly.

Gehrman Sparrow... Danitz silently contemplated the name, swearing that he would never forget what had happened today. He vowed that one day, he would make the man before him suffer the same treatment!

Captain will definitely help me! he thought with anticipation.

For the sake of his persona, Klein didn't choose the reclining chair. Instead, he casually selected a hard wooden chair.

He leaned back in the chair, hunched slightly, and clasped his hands together. "Tell me about the famous pirates you know."

"There are a lot of them," Danitz replied, feeling somewhat stumped.

He stood motionless, like a servant afraid to move.

Klein's lips slowly curled into a smile. "Go in order of bounty."

With that, he pointed to the chair opposite him.

"Have a seat."

With a sigh of relief, Danitz hurriedly sat down.

He suddenly felt that the man wasn't too bad; he was at least willing to give him a seat.

Woo!

The White Agate sailed into the open sea and maintained a speed of 13 knots until noon.

Blazing Danitz, whose mouth had gone dry from talking, was finally permitted to stop. He took his ticket and led Klein to the first-class dining room.

The restaurant was decorated elegantly, with violinists playing in the corner and partitions separating the tables to afford diners privacy.

After walking a few steps, Klein met Donna's family and Cleves. They occupied a large table and were waiting for the waiter to serve the dishes.

"Uncle Sparrow!" Because of their shared secret, the little boy, Denton, had changed the way he addressed him.

Donna blinked, fully expressing her doubts.

She clearly remembered that Uncle Sparrow lived in a second-class cabin and wasn't supposed to be in this restaurant.

Klein waved his hand with a smile as a greeting, then he pointed at Danitz and said, "He's treating."

"Is that so..." Donna sized Danitz up curiously. Both siblings thought the gentleman looked odd, especially his extremely unnatural eyebrows.

Cleves put down his knife and fork. After two seconds of silence, he asked, "Your friend?"

Klein chuckled and turned his head to Danitz.

"What do you think the answer should be?"

Danitz gritted his teeth, then he forced a smile.

"Gehrman once saved me."

Yes, that's right. Otherwise, I might've already been killed by him for the sake of claiming the bounty... Danitz consoled himself.

Cleves looked Danitz up and down a few times and said nothing more.

Passing Donna's family, Klein found a table by the window.

The waiter came with great enthusiasm and handed over the menu.

"Charcoal steak, red wine foie gras, vegetable salad..." Danitz scanned the menu and couldn't help but sigh. "Ships that put in to resupply every two to three days are better. There's plenty of fresh food. When you encounter a ship that remains at sea for one to two weeks, you can only cycle between beer, cured meat, and various canned goods. It's so monotonous that it drives you crazy. However, the sea itself will also provide fresh food. Heh heh, but this requires sound judgment. We had a sailor on our ship who once ate a beautiful lobster, only to suffer diarrhea until his ass nearly..."

As a pirate, he had the habit of describing things in vulgar terms, but after he looked at Gehrman Sparrow's expression, he changed his vocabulary.

"Suffer diarrhea until his ass nearly fell off."

I have reason to suspect that there were other factors. Although your captain is a woman, there should be very few women in the crew. Furthermore, with the sailors unable to get ashore for a long period of time, they must be thirsty... Klein silently lampooned, took the menu, and ran his finger down the prices.

"All of these."

"Alright." The waiter's expression didn't change at all.

At that moment, Klein saw Captain Elland enter the dining room and pass by, so he simply greeted him.

When he looked back, he saw that Blazing Danitz was already gazing out the window, pretending to admire the scenery.

"The captain knows you?" Klein asked, the words sounding more like a statement.

Danitz let out a hollow chuckle.

"We fought him and his crew back when he was the boatswain of the Wilhelm V.

"Besides, I'm a fairly famous pirate myself..."

At this point, Danitz recalled his current situation and suddenly became depressed. Hence, he changed the topic.

"I've always wondered why Jost Elland suddenly left the navy. By then, he was already an Arbiter."

Chapter 504: Red Skull Pirate Crew

A Beyonder was allowed to leave the fleet? Without Danitz's deliberate explanation, Klein easily understood why he found it strange.

On a Nighthawks team, even civilian staff faced strict restrictions. An ordinary resignation required them to sign a lifelong confidentiality agreement. They weren't allowed to leave the team's original jurisdiction, and if they received permission to move to another city, they had to register immediately with the local Evernight Church.

Such rules showed how the authorities treated Beyonder powers and related matters. A Beyonder who had consumed a potion couldn't leave their organization so easily.

Klein clearly remembered that Miss Justice initially had the means and channels to become a Beyonder, but she hadn't pursued them. The reason given was that she didn't want to lose her freedom.

Similar thoughts ran through his mind, but he kept them to himself, because the polite but cold Gehrman Sparrow wouldn't be interested in such rumors.

"So what?" Klein looked at the tableware on the table and calmly asked.

Do you even know how to hold a conversation!? Blazing Danitz quietly drew a breath and forced a smile.

"Haha, I just found it strange. We all suspected that he had joined MI9, and that he was using his identity as a captain to monitor the sea routes."

It's possible... Klein picked up a glass of water and took a sip.

The dishes he ordered were served one course at a time. The restaurant even gave them two complimentary glasses of sweet, sparkling, light-gold aperitif.

Klein stopped talking and concentrated on enjoying the food, feeling that it was indeed much better than the second-class dining room.

The melodious tunes of a violin resonated amidst the soft clink of cutlery against plates. The blue and open sea outside the window rippled quietly, and everything seemed perfect.

As Klein was about to be served dessert, a crewman came stomping in and ran to the table where Elland was sitting.

"Captain, there's a pirate ship!" He didn't suppress his voice.

Most of the passengers were shocked and stopped eating.

Klein looked up, fixing Danitz with a dark, cold gaze.

Blazing Danitz stiffened for a second, then smiled bitterly. He lowered his voice and said, "If I said this had nothing to do with me, would you believe me?"

Klein's eyelids twitched as he slowly smiled.

"Guess."

Guess? You son of a bitch! Danitz was so furious that he almost cursed.

He maintained his smile and said, "Your wisdom is enough to judge everything."

At that moment, Elland quickly asked about the situation. He stood up and said to the panicking first-class passengers, "There's only one pirate ship. We have enough power to deal with it.

"Ladies and gentlemen, please return to your rooms in an orderly manner and await the good news. Believe me, the harm caused by panic far exceeds whatever damage those pirates can do. I don't wish to hear afterward that although the White Agate succeeded in repelling the pirates, several passengers fell and injured themselves."

Under his arrangements, and with the support of the crew, Donna and the others left the dining room and returned to their own cabins, which included Klein and Blazing Danitz.

"I thought you were going to take temporary control of the White Agate and keep it safe," Danitz commented as he closed the door of Room 312, sounding as though he were watching a play.

The fact that he had immediately extended an invitation and discussed principles and remuneration after finding a suitable candidate showed that he was an outgoing boatswain who enjoyed talking to others.

Klein glanced at him, then walked to the window and looked out. He saw a large ship with both smokestacks and sails cruising toward them beneath a fluttering red-skull flag.

"Know them?" Klein stood behind the thick glass window with his hands in his pockets.

Danitz walked to a spot diagonally behind him. After looking into the distance for two seconds, he said, "Red Skull. A small-to-medium-sized band of pirates.

"The captain is Sea Wolf Johnson, with a bounty of 900 pounds. The first mate is One-Eyed Anderson, with a bounty of 500 pounds."

In the pirate world, a bounty was an important reference point that determined one's status and standing.

Considering that he couldn't move adeptly underwater, Klein knew innocent people could easily die if he allowed the pirates to board. He remained silent for a few seconds before asking, "Do they know you?"

"Of course!" Danitz instantly straightened his back. "They're qualified to attend prestigious pirate gatherings. I once kicked their asses."

As expected of a famous pirate worth 3,000 pounds... Klein asked without a change in expression, "Do they have binoculars?"

"That's an essential item. Even if a ship is placed under control, there will be sailors standing on the observation deck, using binoculars to observe the surroundings to prevent any surprise attacks," Danitz replied scornfully.

He could finally tell that this dangerous fellow was a new adventurer, and it was very likely that this was his first time at sea.

Was he a famous bounty hunter? A member of a secret organization? Danitz subconsciously guessed Gehrman Sparrow's past.

"During such times, will the captain and the first mate use their binoculars to observe us?" Klein originally wanted to address them as 900 pounds and 500 pounds, but he found it a bit impolite.

"Definitely, they have to keep track of their target," Danitz replied, slightly puzzled.

He didn't understand Gehrman Sparrow's goal for asking such questions. From his point of view, if he had his powerful strength, he definitely would've allowed the Red Skull pirates to approach, find an opportunity to board their ship, and then eliminate everyone.

Klein tilted his head and looked at Danitz before revealing a gentlemanly and warm smile.

"That's good."

What do you want to do? Don't smile like that! Danitz suddenly panicked and summoned the courage to fight back.

"Take off your wig," Klein calmly ordered.

Ah? Danitz was puzzled as he slowly removed the wig from his head.

Klein took out a special bottle of extract from his secret pocket and handed it over.

"Wipe your eyebrows and face clean."

This was a mystical "Makeup Removal Extract" he had prepared before advancing to Faceless. He had used it when attacking the Wraith from the Rose School of Thought.

Although Klein no longer needed it, he had been reluctant to throw it away.

"..."

Danitz was even more confused. However, unless he was physically attacked, he was unwilling to plunge into an irreversible confrontation. He had no choice but to obey, removing his facial disguise and restoring his original appearance.

Putting away the small metal bottle, Klein opened the window and let the sea breeze pour in.

"Stand here and look outside," he said to Blazing Danitz, pointing to the space directly behind the window.

Danitz warily walked over in a daze and stood firmly behind the window.

Klein observed for a few seconds, then calmly said, "You have two choices. One, crawl out and hang there where everyone can see you. Two, let me hold you by the collar and hang you there where everyone can see you."

"What do you want to do?" Danitz blurted out.

Klein revealed his amiable smile again.

"Show you to the pirates. I believe Vice Admiral Iceberg's fourth boatswain carries enough weight to persuade them to retreat."

"No, don't do that!" Danitz subconsciously rejected the notion.

He could imagine what the Red Skull pirates would think when they spotted him. Either Blazing Danitz had been captured, meaning a terrifying powerhouse was aboard, or Vice Admiral Iceberg had already targeted the ship, meaning other pirates should keep their distance.

And the way I'm displayed will determine which conclusion they reach... Danitz thought bitterly.

Klein smiled even more genially.

"I'm a very easy person to get along with, really--as long as you do as I tell you."

At this moment, Danitz once again felt the indescribable sense of hunger. He felt as if his flesh and soul could be torn from his body at any moment.

After weighing the pros and cons for a second, he half-raised his hands, gritted his teeth, and smiled.

"I'll do it myself."

Holding back his anger and resentment, Danitz turned and climbed out the window. Drawing on the balance and strength developed over years at sea, he hung from the side of the cabin by one forearm.

"Don't try to escape. I'm not a patient man." Klein's face turned cold as he gently reminded.

Phew... Danitz resisted the urge to release his forearm and jump straight down.

On the pirate ship in the distance, the crew responsible for observing the White Agate sent a message to Sea Wolf Johnson.

"Boss, there's a strange man hanging outside a window over there!"

Johnson was stunned for a second. He lifted his binoculars to his eyes.

He quickly discovered the strange fellow his subordinate was talking about. The man's position was simply too eye-catching.

Isn't that Blazing Danitz? Johnson's brows twitched as he recognized the man.

How did he get on the White Agate? What's the meaning of him hanging outside? This is Vice Admiral Iceberg's prey? After a series of questions, Sea Wolf came to a conclusion.

He raised his right hand and said, "Everyone, take note. Leave this area immediately and keep your distance!"

In room 305, Cleves stood by the window with the revolver gripped tightly in his hand as a precaution against the potential sea skirmish.

Donna's family was frightened. They didn't return to their bedrooms but instead sat in the living room, waiting for the bombardment to begin. Cecile and the other bodyguard, Teague, stood guard beside them, fully alert.

At this moment, a look of confusion appeared in Cleves's aging eyes.

After a few minutes, he took a step back, lowered his muzzle, and said to the people, "The pirates have left."

"What?" This development left Urdi Branch and the others surprised and confused. They had no idea what the pirates were thinking.

Room 312.

Blazing Danitz crawled back and couldn't help but snort.

"You're borrowing my captain's reputation! She really hates these kinds of things!"

Just wait for Vice Admiral Iceberg to teach you a lesson! Danitz thought angrily.

Klein listened quietly and asked, "I remember her bounty in Loen was 26,000 pounds?"

...This madman... Danitz couldn't find the words to respond.

Chapter 505: A Servant Worth 3,000 Pounds

"Captain, the Red Skull pirates have fled!" A sailor rushed into the captain's quarters.

"They fled?" Elland lifted his telescope and looked quizzically at the calm sea, just in time to see the Red Skull disappear into the horizon.

He frowned, completely unable to understand how such a development could've occurred.

From his perspective, the White Agate's armaments certainly weren't enough to scare off the Red Skull pirates. The two ships would ordinarily have to circle each other dozens of times and exchange multiple volleys before the pirates decided their target was too difficult to crack. Unwilling to risk a prolonged battle, they would then rationally retreat.

Could it be that the Red Skull was just passing by and had no intention of plundering us? However, if they weren't here to plunder, why would they enter this sea route? This is the easiest place to be stopped by the naval fleet and the Church's ships. Even the Four Kings and Seven Admirals would still try their best to keep a low profile when they pass by the surrounding seas... Elland was filled with doubts, and he felt that things weren't that simple.

Caution keeps disaster at bay. I mustn't be careless... Elland put away his yellow-brown telescope and paced back and forth.

He half raised his hand and said to the navigator, "We shall dock at Bansy Harbor tonight.

"Report our encounter with the pirates to the Navy and the Church."

According to the original plan, the White Agate's next stop would be Tiana Port, which would take about three days to reach at 13 knots. From Tiana Port, it would finally sail to Bayam, the City of Generosity and capital of the Rorsted Archipelago.

There was also a faster route from Pritz Harbor to Bayam, with only one stop during the voyage: Bansy Harbor, about 120 nautical miles from Damir Harbor.

"The Red Skull really left?" Donna's father, Urdi Branch, walked to the window and looked out into the distance.

Cleves calmly nodded and said, "Yes."

Just as he finished his sentence, a sailor's shout sounded from outside.

"The danger has been averted! The danger has been averted!"

Upon receiving official confirmation, Donna and Denton finally relaxed and had the courage to approach the window and look outside.

"Are the Red Skull pirates that powerful?" Donna's eyes widened as she searched for a ship that had already gone far away.

"Very powerful." Cleves gave his answer.

"How powerful are they?" Denton immediately pressed.

On the other side, the bodyguard, Teague, smoothed his hair and chuckled.

"Even if we don't include the cannons and hundreds of pirates on the ship, just Captain Johnson and the first mate Anderson are extremely powerful on their own.

"Anderson's nickname is One-Eyed. The kingdom has placed a bounty of 500 pounds on him. Everyone in this room, even with the help of a few sailors, might only just manage to defeat him. As for Johnson, nicknamed Sea Wolf, he could easily dispatch such an opponent. If he boarded the ship, no one would be able to stop him. His bounty is 900 pounds, nearly 1,000!"

"Is that a lot?" Donna was surprised at the strength of Sea Wolf and One-Eyed, as well as their bounty.

As far as she knew, her father earned only 1,500 pounds a year!

"A great deal. You can claim the reward by turning them in, dead or alive. Whatever they carry and anything they've plundered will also belong to you. The kingdom will buy those goods at market price, and you may still be able to claim bounties from other countries," Cecile explained. "At sea, pirates with bounties over 300 pounds are quite powerful. Those approaching or exceeding 1,000 pounds are famous throughout the waters they frequent, even vast expanses like the Sonia Sea or the Fog Sea."

"Therefore, the Four Kings and Seven Admirals are considered famous throughout the Five Seas?" Donna innocently asked.

Cleves replied seriously, "Yes."

"In that case, are the Red Skull pirates very famous in the entire Sonia Sea?" Donna asked, following the logic to its conclusion.

"Yes." Teague nodded.

"But why did they flee?" Donna blinked.

"It might not have been them fleeing..." Cecile didn't know the reason either.

Cleves looked out the window again as he knitted his brows.

"Maybe there's another reason. Maybe they had no plans to plunder us at all. They just came across us."

Other reasons? Donna suddenly had a guess.

Could Uncle Sparrow's gentle messenger, as tall as a house, have scared them away? Yes, it really is frightening! Donna's thoughts bubbled like boiling water.

She turned excitedly toward her brother and saw that his eyes were shining as well.

The two of them pursed their lips and immediately realized that their thoughts were the same.

"Let's go out and get some air on this level." Donna found a reason to drag her brother out of Room 305.

Outside, Denton asked in a hushed voice, "Are we going to find Uncle Sparrow?"

"Exactly!" Donna smiled with a spirited look. "I saw him enter Room 312."

Inside Room 312.

Blazing Danitz, who no longer mentioned Vice Admiral Iceberg, looked at the Red Skull as it turned around and clicked his tongue with a laugh.

"They must've been frightened by the declaration of the Navy's cannons and the news that a pirate crew had been destroyed recently. They actually took the risk of raiding this sea route in order to earn enough money before leaving the sea.

"Heh, so what if there are giant ship cannons? The Navy and the Church have a lot of powerful things, and they've always existed. But never have they made it impossible for us to continue being pirates. We can't beat them head-on, but we can always escape, right? They can't possibly stay with the merchant ships forever, can they?

"I know ironclad warships are growing larger and their steam engines more powerful. One day, their speed will surpass 18 knots, even 20 knots, and once one is on your tail, all you can do is wait to be caught. But the sea is vast. Even tens of thousands of ships couldn't fill one corner of it. There are also many unexplored regions where one can hide after a raid. Although they're dangerous, they still offer opportunities."

This fellow is indeed the talkative type... Don't you think that a crazy adventurer wouldn't care about these things? Klein looked away and scanned the room.

His gaze finally fell on his leather suitcase. He then raised his chin and said, "Wash the dirty clothes inside."

The expression on the garrulous Danitz's face froze. He yearned to burn the entire ship down.

He felt that his anger was like gushing steam that had blown open the gates of reason.

Danitz opened his mouth and took a breath before taking another.

His flushed face relaxed as he asked without smiling, "Is that all?"

"Only the dirty ones. The coat just needs to be brushed." Klein was almost amused by the man's show of anger, and he felt that this was what Danitz deserved for robbing innocent people.

The clothes in his suitcase were the ones he changed out of last night after a shower. As he felt a little lazy, he had only washed his underwear.

Calm down, don't lose control. Calm down, don't lose control... After admonishing himself several times, Danitz walked over to Gehrman Sparrow's suitcase, opened it, and took out the clothes that needed cleaning.

Just as he was getting busy in the bathroom, he heard the doorbell jingle.

Klein opened the door to find Donna and Denton.

"Uncle Sparrow, I hope I didn't disturb you?" Donna's eyes darted left and right.

"No." Klein stepped aside.

The two little fellows entered the room and were surprised to see Danitz doing the laundry.

"Where are the servants?" Denton asked subconsciously.

"Didn't bring them along," Klein answered for Danitz.

Donna asked, in apparent confusion, "But there are laundresses attached to first-class cabins. They're charged by the barrel."

Before she could finish, Danitz froze.

He had been so angry that he had forgotten about it.

Danitz shook the water from his hand, turned, and forced a smile at Gehrman Sparrow.

"Can I hire the laundresses for help?"

Klein didn't insist on seeing the pirate make a fool of himself, so he smiled and said, "I only care about the results."

Phew. Danitz heaved a sigh of relief.

Their back-and-forth exchange made Donna realize that something was wrong. The young lady asked suspiciously, "Uncle Sparrow, aren't you two friends? W-why does he look different from before!?"

Klein found a chair and sat down. Without hiding anything, he calmly said, "To be exact, he's my prisoner of war."

"Prisoner of war?" Denton looked around in a daze, not remembering when the two uncles had a conflict.

At first, Donna was puzzled, but then her heart skipped a beat. She eagerly asked, "Is he... Is he a pirate?"

"Yeah." Klein nodded gently.

"The Red Skull pirates were also scared off by you, Uncle Sparrow?" Donna pressed in excitement.

Klein shot a glance at Danitz and replied expressionlessly, "In a way."

With all her questions answered, Donna felt extraordinarily pleased. She glanced at Danitz and unconsciously lowered her voice.

"Uncle Sparrow, does he have a name? No, does he have a bounty on him?"

No! I mustn't let anyone know of what happened to me! Danitz opened his mouth in a bid to answer before Klein.

"I'm Sieg!"

At this moment, Klein said in a passing tone, "Danitz."

"..."

"Danitz..." Donna and Denton looked at each other without asking any more questions.

The siblings didn't stay long and soon took their leave. They kept feeling that the pirate's eyes were fierce.

When they returned to Room 305, they saw that their father and Uncle Cleves were still deep in discussion. Donna deliberately interjected with an innocent question.

"A lot of people were talking about pirates just now. Someone mentioned Danitz. Is he very powerful?"

"Danitz... Blazing Danitz. He's Vice Admiral Iceberg's subordinate and the fourth boatswain of the Golden Dream..." Cleves answered simply.

Upon saying this, he suddenly turned silent as he retracted his gaze, seemingly lost in recollection.

A Pirate Admiral's subordinate... Donna pressed curiously, "How much is his bounty?"

Cleves returned to normal and said in a deep voice, "3,000 pounds."

Th-three thousand pounds? Donna and Denton opened their mouths, little by little, almost forgetting to close them.

The captain of the Red Skull pirates only has a bounty of 900 pounds, but that man who looks like a servant is worth 3,000 pounds? The siblings looked at each other, unable to utter a word.

At 6 p.m., the White Agate entered a harbor again.

"Bansy Harbor? Elland is very cautious..." Danitz stood by the window, looking out at the darkened harbor and the tall lighthouse.

Without waiting for Klein's response, he laughed and said, "It seems like there are some nasty legends here."

Chapter 506: The Weather Museum

Klein already had a basic understanding of Danitz's character, so he didn't take the initiative to ask about the legends. He continued sitting in his chair and calmly looked at him.

Danitz, who hadn't been interrupted, shook his head.

"Legend has it that three hundred years ago, when the Loen army first occupied this island, more than five hundred soldiers mysteriously disappeared after a fog. Not long afterward, many bones appeared on the beach and in the mountains, and similar incidents occurred several more times. This continued until the Church of Storms built a cathedral here and sent a bishop."

Although historians dated the official beginning of the colonial era to Roselle's dispatch of a fleet to find a safe route to the Southern Continent, the countries of the Northern Continent had actually explored the surrounding seas and gradually colonized a few islands long before that. The only difference was that these operations weren't sufficiently systematic or large-scale.

Mysteriously disappearing in the fog... Bones appearing by the beach and on the mountains... Klein thought of the Forsaken Land of God for some inexplicable reason. According to Little Sun's description, there was no sun there, with only lightning and the night. Furthermore, when humans were "surrounded" by darkness without a sliver of light, they would encounter strange or terrifying events.

Looking at the lighthouse that stood out in the setting sun, Danitz continued, "And according to the tombs and murals excavated on the island, the natives here seem to have a tradition of cannibalism.

"This island experiences violent changes in weather and is subject to frequent earthquakes, storms, and heavy fog. The natives therefore suffered repeated disasters. To survive, they began worshiping a God of Weather of their own creation. Every year, they held four rituals. Heh, the rituals involved killing chosen worshipers and sharing their blood and flesh before burying their heads beneath the sacrificial altar.

"However, that tradition has long since been replaced by the Church of Storms' sacrificial rites, and the original language of the natives has also disappeared."

God of Weather... A conquered island that had once retained the tradition of live sacrifices... Klein made his preliminary judgment.

Danitz retracted his gaze and casually said, "Because of these legends, there are two unique customs in Bansy Harbor. One is to close the door tightly on nights with heavy fog or huge changes in weather. They don't head out or respond to any knocking.

"The other is their love of every kind of animal blood. They learned from migrating elves to add salt and coagulate the blood into strange cakes, tender and fragrant when paired with this land's pungent native condiments."

Isn't that blood cake? Klein was stunned for a second, his eyebrows furrowing in puzzlement.

"Elves?"

According to the stereotypes he had formed in his previous life, elves were supposed to be elegant vegetarians. How could they have devised the proper method for eating blood, as well as the hundred methods involved in making blood cakes?

"That's right. Rumor has it that many elves like solidified blood." Danitz spread out his hands in response. "Unfortunately, it's already very difficult to find such creatures who have good culinary skills."

...Little Sun previously mentioned that the ancient god of the Elves, Elf King Soniathrym, wielded authority over storms. In that case, the elves should be a race equivalent to Beyonders of the Sailor pathway... Hmm, so it isn't inconceivable that elves enjoy blood-based dishes... Perhaps they're also irritable by nature... What a sight that would be... Klein's thoughts raced, and his attention gradually shifted to blood cakes.

It's been a while since I ate that... He suddenly had the urge to go ashore and taste the delicacy.

At this moment, Danitz took the initiative and made a suggestion.

"There's a Green Lemon Restaurant here that's very famous. Pig blood is especially delicious. Do you... Do you want to try it out?"

He kept having the feeling that being alone in the same room with Gehrman Sparrow was very dangerous. He was worried that this monster in human skin would suddenly go crazy.

He should be more restrained in crowded places... Lord of Storms, I hope this trip ends as soon as possible! Danitz prayed without much confidence.

As a pirate, he also believed in the Lord of Storms, but he didn't have enough respect for the Church.

Hearing Danitz's suggestion, Klein, who already wanted to go ashore, was immediately tempted.

However, the legends and customs Danitz had told him of made him feel a little uncomfortable. Thus, he took out a gold coin and performed a divination right in front of Danitz.

The result was that there were no dormant dangers in Bansy Harbor for him.

Hmm... Klein looked at the gold coin in his hand without looking away for a few seconds. He still felt uneasy.

As Danitz watched this scene, he suddenly understood that this monster in front of him was skilled in divination.

This... Even if I were to secretly flee, it would still be very easy for him to find me... Blazing felt a wave of depression as a faint sadness welled up in his heart.

He had just recovered from his disconsolate mood when Klein suddenly stood up and walked over to the washroom.

Before closing the door, Klein turned his head and said expressionlessly, "You can use this opportunity to escape."

With that, Klein slammed the washroom door.

Danitz spread his hands open and clenched them tightly, took two steps towards the door before coming to a halt.

The unknown was the scariest. He didn't dare take the risk of creating conflict before he had any clear understanding of Gehrman Sparrow's Beyonder powers.

At-at least he hasn't actually hurt me... He'll likely let me go when we get to Bayam... Danitz clung to that faint hope.

In the washroom.

Klein pulled out a paper figurine, disguised it, and took four steps counterclockwise to head above the gray fog.

He sat at the end of the long bronze table, removed the pendulum from his left wrist, and wrote the corresponding divination statement: "Danger lies dormant in Bansy Harbor."

He hung his spirit pendulum and adjusted his posture. After repeating the statement several times, Klein opened his eyes and saw the topaz pendant rotating clockwise. Furthermore, it was with a high amplitude and frequency!

This meant that for Klein, there was a great danger lurking in Bansy Harbor!

How could this be? The kingdom colonized this place more than three hundred years ago, and it has been an important port on the main trade route for over a century. There have never been any rumors of such danger... Could several powerful pirates be working together to sack the port? No, those defensive cannons aren't just for show... Klein frowned and performed another divination to determine whether he would encounter any pirate-related mishaps, but the answer was no.

Hmm... He fell silent for a few seconds, then allowed his spirituality to envelop his body before plummeting through the gray fog.

Returning to the real world, Klein pressed the mechanical button on the toilet, put away the paper figurine double, and went to the nearby basin to wet his hands with water.

In this short period of time, he quickly sorted out his thoughts and decided to do his best to hide. His priority was to stay safe.

Pulling out a tissue and wiping his hands, Klein opened the door and saw that Danitz was still standing in the middle of the living room.

A pirate who's cautious to the point of cowardice... In a sense, Vice Admiral Iceberg's subordinates are all adventurers who work as pirates on the side... Klein looked at him and calmly said, "To the first-class dining room."

"Alright." Danitz didn't understand why Gehrman Sparrow had suddenly changed his mind, but in the end, he chose not to object.

While walking down the gangway, Cleves suddenly said to Donna and the others, "Go to the Green Lemon Restaurant first.

"I have some matters to do with Captain Elland. I'll join you soon."

"Alright." Although Urdi Branch was surprised, he wasn't too puzzled.

Cleves was halfway back aboard the ship when he encountered Elland, who had his straight sword at his waist.

"I'm going to visit Gehrman Sparrow." Cleves turned toward the first-class cabins after saying that.

Elland was momentarily dazed, unable to understand his out-of-the-blue intentions.

There's no need to inform me that you're visiting Gehrman Sparrow... Elland was startled for two seconds before he vaguely grasped the true meaning behind Cleves's words.

He's telling me so that if--if anything happens to him, it would be because of his visit to Gehrman Sparrow... But if nothing happens to him, it means that his suspicions were incorrect and there's no need to disturb Gehrman Sparrow further... Elland stopped in his footsteps and said to the first mate beside him, "Wait fifteen minutes."

Thump! Thump! Thump!

Klein and Danitz, who were on their way out, heard a rhythmic knock on the door.

Danitz, who received a signal, hurried over and opened the door.

It was Cleves outside. He looked at Danitz, who had disguised himself again, before turning to Klein and saying, "Blazing Danitz?"

At lunchtime, he had found Gehrman Sparrow's friend somewhat odd and familiar, but he hadn't connected the face to the picture on the bounty notice. It was only when Donna mentioned Danitz that the inspiration struck him, making him realize that the two were very similar.

As expected... Klein was about to nod and answer when Danitz said with a laugh, "My friend, you have the wrong person. Although I look like the famous pirate who's worth 3,000 pounds, I'm really not him. People are always mistaking me for him, causing me a great deal of trouble."

Klein raised his hand and covered his mouth. He almost laughed out loud and destroyed his persona.

He restrained his expression and calmly replied, "Yes."

Sigh... My reputation... Danitz stretched his neck and looked at the ceiling.

"What are the two of you planning?" Cleves drew in a silent breath and asked directly.

Klein tilted his chin toward Danitz.

"Watching over him."

"Watching over?" Cleves couldn't understand Gehrman Sparrow's words.

Sir, you must learn to draw connections for yourself. Learn to infer on your own. You can't have me explain in detail. That doesn't match my persona! Faced with the doubt in Cleves's eyes, Klein casually said, "He boarded at Damir Harbor and I recognized him, so I decided to watch over him to prevent any accidents."

After looking at Klein for a few seconds, Cleves nodded and said, "Will you be all right?

"Do you need any help?

"No," Klein replied quietly.

Cleves glanced at the depressed Danitz and took a step back.

"Then, I'll take my leave."

Just as he was about to leave, Gehrman Sparrow stopped him. The mysterious young adventurer said solemnly, "Return to the ship as soon as possible.

"There is danger dormant in Bansy Harbor."

In the Green Lemon Restaurant, Donna had just laid out her napkin when she saw through the window that Uncle Cleves had hurried downstairs.

At this moment, the weather in the port suddenly changed. Strong gales rose from all directions, causing the trees to sway back and forth.

As expected of Bansy Harbor, the Weather Museum... Donna studied the outside scenery with interest.

She saw a man in a black cloak trudging through the wind with a lantern in his hand.

Seemingly sensing that he was being watched, that person turned his body sideways and looked up at the second floor of the restaurant.

Then Donna made out his appearance and saw that the black cloak was empty where the person's head should have been. There was only a bare neck spewing bright red blood.

The person ducked down again, pulled at his cloak before continuing forward.

Chapter 507: Bansy Harbor in the Wind

Donna jerked back, her pupils constricting, her mouth half-open as her scream reached her lips.

If she hadn't seen the messenger before, she would have long since lost control and staggered to her feet in terror, heedless of whether she knocked over tables or chairs.

Fortunately, she was no longer the young lady completely ignorant of the ways of the sea who had first boarded the White Agate. Her voice merely rose in pitch as she pointed out the window and stammered, "Th-there's a zombie!

"A headless zombie!"

She used the familiar image of a zombie in folklore to describe the terrifying thing she had just seen.

Cecile shot to her feet and rushed to Donna's side. She peered anxiously out the window into the raging wind for several seconds.

"There's nothing," she said truthfully.

Donna shrank back, mustered her courage, and cautiously leaned forward only to see the trees outside swaying, with loose debris flying everywhere. There wasn't a single pedestrian.

"Th-there really was someone there. H-he was wearing a black cloak, and he had no head. His neck was bleeding!" Donna said while gesturing in an attempt to convince the adults in the room.

Her father, Urdi Branch, propped himself up from the table, went to the window, and looked out for a moment.

"Donna, you aren't allowed to read Fonce's Horror Stories Anthology again tonight!"

"B-but..." Donna felt aggrieved and wanted to defend herself.

At this moment, Cleves came up to the second floor and approached, asking, "What happened?"

"Donna said she saw a zombie, a headless zombie," the other bodyguard, Teague, explained with a chuckle.

Cleves was silent for two seconds, then he nodded at Donna.

"It's all right. This will pass.

"The wind outside is very strong and dangerous. We'll leave when things calm down."

In the eyes of Donna, Uncle Cleves's words indicated that he believed her and had chosen the safest solution. But in the eyes of Urdi, Teague, and the others, this was merely a clumsy tactic to comfort a child.

Seeing that Donna was still a little nervous and that his real employer wasn't too satisfied, Cleves pulled out a chair and sat down as he calmly said, "There's a strange tradition in Bansy Harbor. They don't leave the buildings or respond to any knocks on the door when the weather turns stormy at night."

"If you open the door, will you be taken away by the zombie?" Denton suddenly asked as realization dawned, having seen the messenger with his sister.

"You can think of it that way." Cleves picked up a glass of water and took a sip.

So that's how it is... Donna calmed down, believing that she wouldn't encounter that horrible zombie as long as she didn't leave the restaurant.

It was only then that she noticed that the surrounding customers had all cast their gazes over due to the commotion.

Being stared at by so many people, Donna felt uncomfortable from head to toe. She instinctively wanted to lower her head to avoid everything.

I didn't do anything wrong! I really saw it! Donna obstinately straightened her neck and looked around.

She saw the gentlemen in tailcoats and the ladies in their beautiful dresses retract their gazes. She saw them lower their heads, pick up their spoons, and scoop the dark red blood cakes in their bowls to put into their mouths.

Their lips were stained with a tinge of red. Their faces appeared pale under the light of the crystal chandelier. The contrast between the two made Donna feel an inexplicable sense of fear.

She turned her head back and waited for dinner, secretly praying to the Goddess that the gale would cease as soon as possible.

Bansy Harbor Telegraph Office.

As soon as Elland and his first mate finished sending their report to the Navy, they realized that the wind outside was howling and that the nearby doors and windows were rattling.

"Really, the weather here is always so unstable." Elland put on his boat-shaped hat and sighed with a laugh.

His first mate, Harris, laughed out loud.

"Otherwise, how could they call themselves the 'Weather Museum'?"

"It's best not to go out. Legend says you may lose your head if you do," a young telegraph office employee with curly brown hair reminded them slowly.

"I know, but I've tried a few times and nothing happened." Without a care, Harris opened the door to leave.

Elland stopped him and thought for a moment.

"Will it be okay to go to the cathedral next door?

"Your telegraph office will be closing, right?"

"No problem." The lady with the curly brown hair was still as slow as ever.

Elland nodded, opened the telegraph office's door, and trudged toward the Storm cathedral, dozens of meters away, against the gusts of wind that seemed to be capable of sweeping away a child.

First Mate Harris, who was holding onto his hat, followed the captain as if to express his desire to rush directly back to the White Agate.

However, the moment he opened his mouth, the strong wind rushed in and forced every sound miserably back down his throat.

After croaking for a while, he wisely shut his mouth and stopped making obviously unrealistic proposals.

It was still fifteen minutes to seven, and even in the evening, the main doors of the Storm cathedral were still open for its congregation.

The gale weakened significantly when it reached the area. At the very least, Elland and Harris no longer had to worry about their hats abandoning them.

Upon entering the cathedral, they walked down the dark and solemn aisle. They stepped into the prayer hall and saw a man in a dark blue priest robe sitting in the front pew. He was quietly gazing at the huge Storm Sacred Emblem, made up of the symbols of the wind, waves, and lightning, on the altar.

Elland smiled as he moved closer, patting the familiar figure on the shoulder.

"Jayce, where's your bishop?"

At the touch, the priest's head wobbled.

Then it toppled forward, struck the ground with a loud thud, and rolled across the floor.

Blood gushed out of the priest's neck like a fountain, soaking Elland's face.

A cold and damp feeling reached his heart, and Elland's eyes were flooded with a deep crimson.

All that was left in his line of sight was a world of blood, as well as a head that had finally stopped rolling and was staring upward with a glazed look in its eyes.

At 7:15 p.m., Klein and Danitz, who came out of the first-class restaurant, noticed that the wind which had been shaking the boat had calmed down considerably.

After thinking for two seconds, Klein walked all the way to the entrance of the cabin and asked the crew, "Who else isn't back?"

The crew member had seen this passenger enjoy delicious murloc meat with the captain, so he answered openly, "Other than the Branch family and the Timothy family at the Green Lemon Restaurant, all the other passengers returned before the gale began. Heh heh, that place is quite far away, and dining there also takes a long time.

"Oh right, Captain and First Mate went to the telegraph office, but they haven't returned yet."

Klein gave an almost imperceptible nod and returned to Room 312 in silence.

He stood by the window, looking at the waves that were stirred by the wind. Even without using the mysterious space above the gray fog to divine, his own spiritual intuition made him vaguely sense that something bad was brewing.

After waiting another five minutes, he still didn't see Captain Elland and Donna's family return.

Klein glanced sideways at Danitz, making the famous pirate, who had been slouching in the reclining chair, sit up straight.

Klein looked away, said nothing, and went into the washroom.

He closed the door behind him, took out the paper figurine, disguised himself, and went above the gray fog, ready to make another divination.

Before, he had considered the potential risks of Bansy Harbor, but now, after the wind had picked up, he intended to confirm the current level of danger.

"Bansy Harbor is dangerous."

Klein held the spirit pendulum and began to recite the statement in a low voice.

After repeating it several times, he opened his eyes and discovered that although the topaz pendant was rotating clockwise, it was moving with neither great speed nor a wide amplitude.

There's danger, but it's within acceptable limits... This contradicts the previous revelation... Klein murmured to himself as he rested his elbows on the edge of the long bronze table.

He quickly thought of one possibility, and that was that the current danger wasn't the same as the dormant danger. Only by triggering something or investigating it thoroughly would the iceberg hidden beneath the sea appear.

This dormant danger might've existed for three or four hundred years, or perhaps even longer, and not because of my arrival... Hmm, the current danger might even have nothing to do with the dormant danger. It's a pity that I don't have the necessary information to make a divination based on this conjecture... After interpreting the result, Klein quickly returned to the real world, left the washroom, and found a chair to sit on.

He was silent, hesitant, and didn't move for a long time, which made Blazing Danitz feel strangely uneasy.

Ever since Gehrman Sparrow mentioned that there was danger lurking in Bansy Harbor, this infamous pirate had been constantly worried.

To be able to make this monster change his mind and avoid the danger at Green Lemon Restaurant, it must be very terrifying... Why is my vacation so miserable? I'm plagued with bad luck! The atmosphere was so stifling that Danitz had to get up and pace back and forth.

It was then that he saw the monster Gehrman Sparrow suddenly stand, button his double-breasted frock coat, and walk to the coat rack by the door.

After taking his silk hat, Klein looked at Blazing and said expressionlessly, "You're free."

"Huh?" Danitz found this surreal.

He suddenly understood what the monster intended to do, and he blurted out in shock, "You want to save the captain and those ordinary people?

"Y-you were the one who said it's dangerous outside!"

Klein put on his half top hat, picked up his black wooden cane, twisted the door handle, and replied calmly, "They cooperated with me.

"They kept my secret for me.

"He treated me to murloc meat.

"He helped me pay compensation for White Shark's loss."

Danitz didn't react for a moment. Subconsciously, he asked, "How much was the compensation?"

"A few soli." Klein opened the door and walked out.

Madman! This fellow is completely mad! Be it his treatment of others or himself, he's a madman! Danitz's mouth was half-open as he felt speechless.

Luckily, I'm a normal person! I'll stay in a safe place! Danitz retracted his gaze and thought in mockery and amusement.

Just as this thought came to him, the wind howled again, rattling the windows and causing the candles in the room to flicker.

Looking at this dark and turbulent scene, Danitz suddenly thought of a problem.

The ship is anchored in the harbor, which is also part of Bansy Harbor. It isn't safe either. It could be in danger too!

Rather than stay here alone, I might as well follow that monster. At least... At least he's very strong! With that realization, he ran out of Room 312 and caught up with Klein just as he was about to leave the cabin.

Klein turned his head to glance at him. Although he didn't say anything, his puzzlement was plain.

Danitz hurriedly laughed.

"If I chose to retreat in the face of such trivial risks, I'd be mocked by every pirate on the Sonia Sea!"

An excuse... Without exposing him, Klein borrowed a lantern from the crew.

Carrying the dim yellow lantern and holding his hard wooden cane, he walked alongside the boat and entered the dim port in his black suit.

Lamenting his fate, Danitz followed close beside him.

Chapter 508: Don't Go Out

Unlike mainland cities such as Backlund, Tingen, and Pritz Harbor, colonial ports such as Bansy Harbor lacked gas. Street lamps were sparse, each containing a candle enclosed in glass and waiting to be lit.

Unfortunately, the wind had picked up early, so no one went out in the evening. The candles didn't shine at the appointed hour, and the road was pitch black. The faint outline of the crimson moon shone through the clouds.

Compared to before, the wind was much calmer. At the very least, Klein didn't need to be distracted keeping his hat on.

Thin fog gradually spread through the air, and the doors and windows of the mostly two-story houses were shut tight. Everything was pitch-black and devoid of light, as though no one had lived there for a long time.

With a yellow lantern in one hand and a hard wooden cane in the other, Klein walked quickly down the quiet street in the direction of the Green Lemon Restaurant which Blazing Danitz had pointed out.

Whoosh!

Amidst the fog, the wind began to swirl as Klein felt a baffling chill down his neck.

He lifted his right hand, which held the cane, and turned up the collar of his double-breasted frock coat, completely covering his neck.

It was at this moment that a scene suddenly appeared in his mind!

In the scene, a black shadow the size of a watermelon appeared from the fog and lunged for his ear.

Without thinking, Klein swung his arm and forearm and struck out with his cane.

Bam!

Just as the black shadow came close, it was struck head-on and sent flying a long distance away.

With the help of the lantern's light, Klein finally recognized the thing that had attacked him.

It was a head!

It was a head that had lost its body, a head that had its esophagus hanging down!

The head floated in midair, its face resembling dried cheese with mildew all over it. There was a yellowish-green liquid flowing down its skin as it outlined the face's contours.

There were only two black holes left where its nose was supposed to be. Its bulging eyes were mostly white without much black. Its lips were mostly rotten, revealing sharpened teeth mixed with blood!

Dogshit! Blazing Danitz silently cursed when he saw this scene, his heart trembling.

Even though he had embarked on many treasure hunts and had fought many monsters, such a disgusting and horrifying thing was still rare.

At some point in time, a classic revolver had appeared in his hand, and he was about to fire it with his elbow held down.

At this moment, he saw a pure ray of light descend from the sky, landing on the somewhat stiff head.

Ah!

A blood-curdling screech rang out, and the shriveled and hideous head was quickly vaporized before dissolving into ashes. It didn't leave a single trace behind.

How weak! Danitz subconsciously commented.

Is this monster, Gehrman Sparrow, from the Sun pathway? Doesn't look like it... He likely relied on what should be some sort of mystical item... I didn't even realize it just now, but Gehrman Sparrow had already discovered the enemy and attacked. He really is very strong... Danitz quickly turned his attention to something else.

Just as his thoughts settled, he saw a similar head emerge from the fog at his side and fly toward his neck.

Bang!

Danitz calmly pulled the trigger.

The brass bullet struck the mold-covered head squarely, shattering its brow as it reeled backward and stopped in midair.

Soon after, a crimson ball quickly expanded above Danitz's empty left palm, and a fiery light began to swirl.

He leaned forward and swung his arm, "throwing" the fireball into the stiff head.

Flames soared up as the head burned red. The skin on the head quickly charred, emitting a sizzling sound.

However, it lunged forward with its mouth wide open, ready to bite Danitz's neck as though it wasn't affected.

This turn of events was somewhat beyond Danitz's expectations. He nearly failed to dodge in time, and he hurriedly rolled forward, barely dodging fatal damage.

A bright scarlet color appeared on his left palm once again, but the flame didn't expand this time. Instead, it shrunk, layer by layer.

Within a second, Danitz threw out the orange fireball, which was only the size of an eye, while dodging.

The fireball was controlled by his spirituality. It drew an arc in the air and accurately flew into the mouth of the shriveled head.

Boom!

The fiery light flashed, and the explosion splintered the flying head from the inside out. Countless pieces of it, along with its blood, splashed everywhere.

I've finally dealt with it... Danitz rolled to his feet and breathed a sigh of relief.

Only then did he realize that this disembodied head wasn't easy to deal with, yet Gehrman Sparrow had destroyed one effortlessly.

It's mainly because the Beyonder powers in the Sun domain restrain such things! Danitz added scornfully in his heart.

As he thought of this, he turned his head to the side and realized that Gehrman Sparrow hadn't waited for him. With his cane and lantern, he was jogging into the distance, his black coat fluttering behind him slightly.

...Dogshit! Wait for me... Wait for me! Danitz's pupils contracted as he lengthened his stride to chase after the man. He didn't dare to stay on his own in the thin fog and dim surroundings.

Inside the Green Lemon Restaurant.

Donna looked at the white porcelain bowl in front of her and the dark red blood cakes in it. She thought of the strange horror she felt when seeing the customers eating just now, as well as the blood oozing out of the headless cloaked man's neck.

Her throat moved and she almost vomited.

Donna decided to give up the delicacy, even though the fragrance had already seeped into her nose.

She ate some salad and mashed potatoes without much thought and waited for the wind outside to die down. She felt as though the clock on the wall moved ever so slowly.

Time passed second by second. The customers at the other tables paid their bills and left the second floor, which grew progressively quieter and emptier.

Thud! Thud! Thud! Donna felt that the sound of footsteps on the wooden steps as they descended was unnerving.

Finally, she noticed that the trees outside were no longer swaying, and the ground was littered with all sorts of junk.

"The wind has stopped!" Donna said, pointing excitedly to the window.

Her father, the import-export merchant Urdi Branch, pinched his forehead and growled, "Where are your table manners, Donna?"

"But..." Just as Donna was about to argue, Cleves raised his palm and pressed it down.

"It's 7:40 p.m. and we're almost done with dinner. Let's head back as soon as possible. There are many nasty legends about the night in Bansy Harbor."

Every merchant who depended on the sea for a living was more or less superstitious, especially when it came to the legends of the natives. Therefore, Urdi fell silent and agreed with Cleves's suggestion.

He quickly paid the bill and led his family and bodyguards down to the first floor.

Cleves was about to open the door and scout the way when a creak came from a nearby room. Donna nearly screamed in fright and gripped Denton's hand tightly.

A figure walked out, glanced at them, and calmly said, "It's fogged up. It's best not to go out."

The figure wore a black tailcoat without a hat. There was a pair of glasses on the bridge of his nose. His face was fleshy and almost circular.

"What do you mean, Mr. Fox?" Cleves recognized him as the owner of the Green Lemon Restaurant.

Fox said without much expression, "In Bansy, on nights when fog rolls in or the weather changes drastically, it's best not to go out or answer any knocks. Otherwise, one might encounter... bad things."

The more Donna listened, the more scared she became. She loudly emphasized, "People have already left ahead of us!"

Fox pointed to the rooms on the first floor.

"They chose to stay."

Creak! Thud!

As soon as Fox finished speaking, the doors to the various rooms opened, some softly and others forcefully. The gentlemen and ladies from before stood in the doorways and silently watched Donna's family prepare to leave.

"Perhaps we should respect the customs here," Urdi Branch said after some deliberation. "Staying a night here won't affect our boarding of the ship."

Experience told him to follow Fox's advice and remain at the Green Lemon Restaurant, but he remembered Gehrman Sparrow's warning. It had come from a powerful adventurer who could hold Blazing Danitz captive!

Danger lies dormant in Bansy Harbor... That doesn't distinguish between indoors and outdoors... Cleves quickly made his decision and said to Urdi, "Mr. Branch, please trust my professional judgment."

"Yeah, I've seen a lot of folklore, but none of it is practical," another bodyguard agreed.

Before he finished his sentence, knocking sounds came from the restaurant's door and a series of screams could be heard from afar.

"Look, there are knocking sounds. Don't respond," Fox said slowly.

Urdi's heart palpitated as he was about to choose to stay the night.

Donna looked at the gentlemen and ladies standing at their doorways, and she felt that their gazes looked abnormally weird.

"No, we have to return!" the young lady stressed, almost screaming.

Cleves could also feel the indescribable pressure and the coldness that seeped through his bones, and he once again stressed his opinion.

"If there are any problems, then it'll be more dangerous staying here. There are cannons on the ship, as well as sailors with guns and sabers."

This reason convinced Urdi, who motioned for Cleves to open the door.

Cleves waited for the knocking to subside, then with one hand holding a gun, he pulled open the door with the other.

The howl of the wind had subsided and the darkness was deep amidst the spreading fog. It was as if there were many monsters hidden within.

Donna held on to her younger brother, Denton, and followed behind Cecile as they left the restaurant one step at a time.

Creak!

The door to the restaurant suddenly closed, preventing them from returning.

At this moment, they were like ships stranded in a storm, as though they were the only ones left in this world.

With the lantern in hand, Cleves led the way when he suddenly saw something fly over and crash into the ground, rolling a few times.

Donna and the others subconsciously looked over and immediately let out cries of terror.

It was a shriveled, rotting head!

Then they saw light.

Light fell from the sky, and the disgusting head melted into nothingness.

"This..." Urdi and the others swallowed hard, their bodies trembling.

At that moment, they saw a faint yellow light approaching from the depths of the fog.

It was a figure holding a lantern, wearing a half top hat and a double-breasted frock coat as dark as the night. The lines of his face were distinct, and there was an obvious edge beneath his cold demeanor.

"Uncle Sparrow!" Donna and Denton cried out.

They felt their hearts settle down.

Klein tossed the lantern to Danitz beside him and walked over with his cane in hand. As though nothing were out of the ordinary, he calmly said to Cleves and the others, "Let's go to the telegraph office first.

"What about the Timothys?"

Chapter 509: Request

"Timothys?"

"They're still in the restaurant," Urdi Branch subconsciously replied.

He then pointed to the area where the moldy head had been purified and anxiously asked, "What was that just now?"

Maintaining Gehrman Sparrow's persona, Klein didn't answer and glanced at Danitz before walking directly past Donna's family to the tightly closed door of the Green Lemon Restaurant.

Blazing Danitz held the lantern, relieved to have finally made himself useful. He straightened his back, looked at Urdi and the others, and scoffed.

"You don't have to worry about what that was. Just know that it's a monster that will harm you."

Had Gehrman Sparrow not been only a few meters away, he would even have liked to proclaim: Only I, Lord Blazing Danitz, can protect you!

Cleves exchanged glances with Cecile and Teague before taking the initiative to step forward. He comforted his employers and said, "Save your questions until after we get back to the White Agate."

Frankly speaking, the three bodyguards had all been adventurers for varying periods of time. However, their understanding of monsters was still stuck at the level of folklore or stories of their drunken peers. They still found it rather surreal, as though they were in a dream.

However, since they had seen creatures like murlocs before, it wasn't that hard to accept other things. These were merely a little weirder and uglier than murlocs.

When they thought of this, they calmed considerably, and the guns in their hands seemed to regain their strength.

However, the pure light that had descended from the sky remained beyond their comprehension. They felt their long-established understanding of the world, life, and values begin to waver. All they could do was set the matter aside and suppress their emotions deep within their hearts.

Klein stopped at the door of the Green Lemon Restaurant, raised his right hand, and tapped it with his fingers.

Thump! Thump! Thump!

After he knocked three times in a rhythmic fashion, no one answered and there was silence.

If not for the candlelight shining through the windows and the cracks in the door, Klein would've thought it was an empty building that had long been abandoned.

Thump! Thump! Thump!

He knocked three more times.

Within the restaurant, the silence continued. Everyone seemed to be abiding by the custom of not responding to any knocking in foggy weather.

Klein retracted his right hand and patted the hem of his double-breasted frock coat.

Suddenly, he leaned back, lifted his knees, and kicked his right foot forward.

With a bang, the restaurant's door suddenly opened wide, and all the nails that had fixed the copper lock popped out.

Fox, the pudgy, nearly round-faced proprietor in a tailcoat, still stood in his original position. The ladies and gentlemen who had chosen to stay the night opened their doors one by one and stood silently in the doorways, watching without a word.

"What... do you want?" Fox didn't flare up; his tone was the same as before. However, he had a revolver in his hand.

With his Spirit Vision activated, Klein turned his head and looked around. He didn't find any traces of evil on any of the humans present.

His gaze settled heavily on the restaurant owner. He looked into the owner's eyes and asked, "Where's the Timothy family?"

Fox suppressed his emotions and stared at the man for two seconds, a storm seemingly brewing in his dark brown eyes. Finally, he turned his head stiffly and said, "There's another table. Foreigners. Upstairs."

"Get them to come down," Klein ordered coldly.

Fox remained silent for several seconds. Then the man swiftly drew his gun and aimed it at his head.

He took a deep breath and sent a waiter up to the second floor, leading the Timothy family down the stairs.

"What happened?" Timothy was a man who was in his thirties. He was on vacation with his newlywed wife.

Klein lowered his gun and flatly said, "Something unexpected has happened in Bansy Harbor.

"Are you coming back with me to the ship or staying here?"

"Something unexpected?" While Timothy ruminated over the words, he saw Urdi Branch outside nodding at him solemnly.

He knew that the other party was a very rich import and export merchant who had three bodyguards with him. He believed that if there were any unexpected circumstances, then it would be safer to stay with them, so the answer was obvious.

As for the unique customs of Bansy Harbor, they were just customs! He took his wife's hand and walked toward the door, saying with a polite smile, "All our things are on the ship. Of course, we'll go with you."

"Thank you," he and his new wife expressed their gratitude in unison, walked past Klein, and joined the Branch family outside.

Klein holstered his revolver, bowed politely to Fox, and said, "Excuse us."

With that, he turned around and walked towards Cleves and company, who were illuminated by the light leaking out from the restaurant.

With a thud, the door of the Green Lemon Restaurant closed once again, swaying slightly in the wind.

Klein had actually noticed an unusual, subtle atmosphere just now, but since his Spirit Vision failed to obtain anything, he didn't wish to investigate it too deeply, lest he ignite the huge danger lurking in Bansy Harbor.

He returned to Danitz's side and counted heads by the light of the lantern.

Donna's family of four, their three bodyguards, the Timothy couple, and several servants are all present... Klein switched his revolver and cane between hands, lifted his gun-wielding right hand, slipped it deep into the double-breasted frock coat, and rubbed the Sun Brooch.

With a flash of dark golden light, an invisible force quickly spread outward, washing over everyone present like a wave.

Instantly, Donna and the others felt as if they had arrived in the south, like they were bathing in warm sunlight that dispersed the cold chill within their bodies.

They were no longer as nervous or worried, as though they had found their courage again. The lingering traces of darkness acquired from Damir Harbor's special cured meat quickly disappeared, along with the faint taint of evil.

Sun Halo was able to enhance the courage of one's companions within a twenty-meter radius and purify any evil forces within them!

With the help of the brooch and while under the control of Klein's spirituality and psyche, he could use the power of the sun to bypass any targets he didn't wish to help.

"Let's head to the telegraph office first," Klein repeated, holding his cane in his left hand and his revolver in his right. After getting his bearings, he led the way.

Danitz followed his lead and moved to one flank. Cleves, Cecile, and Teague very professionally took charge of security for the other two flanks.

With more than fifteen people in the group, we could easily suffer casualties if we're attacked. Moreover, only Blazing can truly be considered useful in a fight... What should I do? Recalling the monsters he had encountered, Klein suddenly slipped the revolver back into his underarm holster and shifted the cane to his right hand.

He reached into his pocket with his left hand and dispelled the wall of spirituality surrounding an iron cigar case. He took out Azik's copper whistle and held it in his hand, occasionally tossing it into the air.

He believed that such an action would divert the attention of the undead monsters which only had one head left from the others, leaving the ancient copper whistle as the only thing in their "eyes!"

This way, I don't have to worry about not being able to rescue them in time. That's the effect of an MT! Klein sighed and quickened his pace.

At this moment, three shriveled, mold-covered heads flew from the thin fog ahead. They shot toward Klein from different directions like arrows, completely ignoring the other tempting prey.

Three! Danitz's pupils contracted, a little worried that Gehrman Sparrow would end up flustered, but he also looked forward to seeing his true strength.

Three... Klein calmly shook his left hand and threw Azik's whistle into the air.

The heads, their esophagi dangling beneath them, immediately curved through the air toward their primary target.

Klein took a step back and, expressionlessly, raised his hand and squeezed the Sun Brooch.

All of a sudden, dense golden flames were produced around the copper whistle, radiating a holy aura.

Fire of Light!

The three skinny heads let out miserable shrieks at the same time, turning into dust under the golden light.

Klein took two steps forward and reached out to catch Azik's copper whistle.

...That actually worked? Another mystical item? Danitz froze for two seconds, flabbergasted by how easily the attack had been repelled.

At that moment, Timothy and his wife also clearly saw what the things attacking them looked like. One of them turned pale from fright while the other asked, flustered, "W-what was that?

Donna immediately turned around and nodded seriously.

"Save your questions until after we get back to the White Agate."

With that said, she put her finger to her lips, mimicking Uncle Sparrow's meaning of "silence."

Remembering the holy aura displayed by the young man ahead, Timothy swallowed hard and tugged at his wife's hand. He fell silent but remained alert, and upon seeing this, his servants had no choice but to obey.

The group continued through the moonlit streets. The lights in the houses on either side were extinguished, leaving only darkness behind the oriel windows.

Donna felt as if pairs of eyes were following her and the others, but for some reason no one showed up.

They must all be afraid of Uncle Sparrow! She held her brother's hand tight and walked amidst the protective circle of her parents.

Suddenly, a figure appeared at the roadside. He wore a black cloak and leaned forward, revealing a neck that was still bleeding. There was nothing above the neck, with the interior of the cloak reflecting the moonlight.

Gasp!

The headless figure emitted a beastlike, gasping growl as it rushed toward Klein, its pounding steps making the ground tremble slightly.

Its charge carried it directly across Danitz's path. This infamous pirate cursed and flung an orange-yellow fireball compressed layer upon layer in his hand.

Boom!

The fireball exploded, causing the headless man to retreat several steps.

His clothes were tattered, and his skin quickly charred while his cloak was set on fire.

However, this wasn't a serious injury for a monster that had already lost its life.

In that instant, with a crisp crack, the scarlet flame on the black cloak suddenly soared into the air, as if it were blooming.

Klein leaped from the flames, using the momentum of his fall and his own strength to drive the cane he gripped in both hands directly into the headless man's neck.

Splat!

The cane sank into the headless man's body and emerged from his crotch.

Bam! Klein's back muscles bulged, forcefully throwing the headless monster to the ground!

Taking advantage of this opportunity, he stood behind the monster and continued to grip the cane tightly while he poured his spirituality into the Sun Brooch.

He had already used his Spirit Vision to determine that Holy Light Summoning, Cleave of Purification, and Fire of Light were all unable to dispatch this blackish-green monster quickly, so he could only use another method.

Five seconds, four seconds, three seconds. The headless man struggled with all its might and writhed like a snake, but it fell to its knees, firmly pinned to the ground by the cane.

Two seconds, one second!

Klein opened his mouth and spat out a word in ancient Hermes.

"Sun!"

Specks of radiance appeared and turned into water droplets that sprinkled over the headless man's body.

Sizzle! As blackish-green gas rose, Klein let go of his cane and took two steps to the side.

Within the sparse "rain," the headless man twitched continuously before finally going still and melting into a pool of blood.

No Beyonder characteristics... This means it's not the real enemy. At most, it can be considered a created "servant"... Klein withdrew his cane, turned, and walked back to the group.

"So cool!" Denton let out a belated cheer.

Donna's eyes sparkled.

He was still borrowing the powers of a mystical item... However, his passage through the flames revealed his true strength. He really isn't easy to deal with... Blazing Danitz looked away, feeling that his decision not to flee blindly had been extremely wise.

Seven or eight minutes later, after clearing out two more waves of monsters, the group arrived at the Bansy Harbor telegraph office.

Cleves took the initiative and knocked on the door.

"Who is it?" A gentle female voice came from inside.

"We're looking for the captain of the White Agate, Mr. Elland," Cleves answered through the door.

In the quiet night, the woman's voice spoke at a moderate pace.

"He and his first mate went next door to the cathedral."

That woman's voice sounds odd... Or does she speak that way only on nights like this? Klein flicked a gold coin and confirmed that she wasn't lying.

As they were preparing to leave, the female voice in the telegraph office hesitated and said, "Can... Can you guys... help me... keep an eye out for someone?

"He's my... colleague. He went out before the wind started tonight... and never came back.

"His name... is Paavo Court."

1. Main Tank. A term used in gaming for a character that takes on all the aggro and damage.

Chapter 510: The Returning Bishop

Paavo Court... Cleves didn't directly answer the woman behind the telegraph office's door. He turned to glance at Gehrman Sparrow, waiting for his decision.

In the eyes of this former adventurer, it was a difficult task for fifteen people to get back to the White Agate safely. They couldn't and shouldn't be distracted by helping her search for someone. However, he was well aware that the current pillar of support was Gehrman Sparrow and Blazing Danitz. They were the only ones who had the right to decide on the matter.

Klein remained silent for two seconds, then he spoke in a measured voice.

"What does he look like?"

He believed that more information would help him navigate this strange, foggy city, so he asked in passing. As for whether he would help take note of the person's whereabouts, it all depended on what happened next.

While inquiring, Klein also warned himself not to pursue the matter too deeply or else it might trigger the danger dormant in Bansy Harbor.

He had to balance understanding the situation against avoiding its risks, going neither too far nor not far enough.

This could be easy or difficult because no one knew what might happen once he took a step. He could judge only by experience and intuition, and he might stumble into a trap at any moment. The strain left Klein's mind racing at unprecedented speed.

In the dense darkness and thin fog, the telegraph office's door remained tightly shut. The woman inside paused and said, "He's... a very handsome... man.

"He has two eyes, two ears, a nose, and a mouth."

Why does that answer sound so frightening... Is there something wrong with this woman? According to the customs of Bansy Harbor, she shouldn't have even responded! Blazing Danitz had the urge to kick open the door, rush into the telegraph office, and check the situation inside.

At that moment, he saw Gehrman Sparrow place a hand on his hat and turn away.

"Storm cathedral," Klein briefly stated their destination.

He didn't concern himself with whether there was anything wrong with the woman at the telegraph office. It was just like how he didn't delve into the secrets of the owner of the Green Lemon Restaurant or the customers who had chosen to stay the night.

The wind was getting lighter, and the fog was thinning. The candlelight from the cathedral was shining through the narrow windows high above, like a beacon in a storm.

After Klein used Sun Halo again, Donna and the others regained some of their courage, like people who had fallen into the water and desperately clutched at a final lifeline. They hurriedly walked on the empty streets in silence.

Soon they arrived outside the Storm cathedral, but the doors were shut tight.

Glancing at the Storm Sacred Emblem on the door, Klein raised his hand and knocked three times.

Thump! Thump! Thump!

A vigilant male voice immediately came from behind the door.

"Who is it?"

"Gehrman Sparrow," Klein replied straight away.

He could already tell that it was Captain Elland.

"Why are you here?" Elland asked again without opening the door.

Klein raised his cane and calmly said, "You helped me pay White Shark's compensation."

After a moment of surprise and amusement, Elland tentatively concluded that the real Gehrman Sparrow was outside. At the very least, even a monster adept at disguise wouldn't know a detail shared only by the two of them.

He remained hesitant until Cleves, Urdi Branch, Donna, and the others called out in succession. Only then did he relax and allow his first mate, Harris, to unlock and open the door.

A heavy clunk rang out, and Klein saw Elland in his boat-shaped hat, with a sword in one hand and a musket in the other.

"Something happened here too?" he asked sharply, drawing the conclusion from the scene before him.

Elland stepped aside to let Donna and the others in. Then he pointed at the prayer hall and said, "The priest I knew, Jayce, died in there. He was decapitated, and Bishop Millet is nowhere to be found. The other priests are missing as well. Also, the servants in the church are all gone."

A dead priest with a missing bishop? The whole cathedral is devoid of the living? This is a little problematic... Klein gripped the cold Azik's copper whistle, his heart sinking.

Of course, he knew very well that the priest and bishop weren't the Church of Storms' main force for managing Beyonder affairs in Bansy Harbor. Beneath this cathedral, there was certainly a Mandated Punisher team composed of six to eight Beyonders, along with an unknown number of Sealed Artifacts. Even High-Sequence Beyonders couldn't wipe out such a force in a short time without causing a commotion.

As long as they're alive and able to use the Sealed Artifacts, the situation shouldn't be too terrible... So what is the Mandated Punisher team doing right now? Drawing on his previous experience as a Nighthawk, Klein tried to infer their standard course of action.

In the process, he followed Elland to the prayer hall and examined the body of the deceased priest.

Jayce had died tragically, his head apparently severed while he was still alive. Unlike the monsters outside, his esophagus wasn't attached to his head.

With Klein's Spirit Vision, this priest no longer had any remnant spirit. It would be very difficult to perform a successful spirit channeling ritual.

Was this caused by a unique killing technique, or was his remnant spirit deliberately dealt with... It's different from the monsters outside. Was that because the operation was rushed? Combining everything he knew, Klein refined his earlier speculation.

He saw two possibilities. First, something of local origin, perhaps a living Sealed Artifact or a Mid-Sequence Beyonder, had lost control underground. It escaped the cathedral and killed Jayce while fleeing, causing the abnormalities in Bansy Harbor. The bishop, priests, and Mandated Punishers were desperately pursuing it, attempting either to reseal it or destroy it. The servants had been led underground and placed under the protection of the remaining Mandated Punishers.

But this didn't explain the strange behavior of the residents of Bansy Harbor.

The second possibility was that a group of Bansy Harbor residents had revived the primitive sacrificial ritual to the God of Weather. The flying heads and headless monsters matched the accounts of consuming flesh and blood during the rituals and burying heads at the altar. For some unknown reason, this group had raided the cathedral and killed Reverend Jayce. The rest of the population more or less understood the situation but had chosen to remain silent.

They might've already assaulted the underground area and could now be locked in a fierce battle with the Mandated Punishers, priests, and bishop, who had the aid of Sealed Artifacts. They might've transformed all the servants into monsters or cast them out. Alternatively, the Church of Storms' Beyonders might be pursuing them, while the servants had been sent underground for protection... Since Jayce's corpse hasn't been used, the latter is possible... If I head underground to confirm the situation, I'll definitely be attacked because we're unfamiliar Beyonders... Besides, our remaining strength might not be enough... Klein looked at the priest on the ground and saw that his Beyonder characteristic had condensed into a blue sapphire beside his neck.

He looked away and didn't pick up the item. Unwilling to provoke violent retaliation from the short-tempered Church of Storms, he turned to Elland and Harris.

"Let's return to the ship first."

He casually tossed the gold coin and confirmed that there was no battle currently going on underground.

In any case, regardless of whether there were any Mandated Punishers present, the cathedral grounds were no longer suitable for prolonged stays. After all, Klein wasn't sure if his guess was right, and he could only make the safest choice.

"All right!" Elland had no desire to remain there either, nervously waiting for the next calamity to befall him.

As long as he returned to the White Agate, he would have numerous cannons and sailors with which to weather any mishap to a certain extent.

After a short rest, the group left the cathedral.

With the addition of Elland and Harris, the team's defense clearly became much tighter. Klein no longer needed to toss the copper whistle to attract the monsters, so he stuffed it back into his pocket.

"Shall we send a telegram to the Church of Storms' headquarters to report what happened in Bansy Harbor?" After a few steps, Elland cautiously made the suggestion.

This way, even if there were major unforeseen events, as long as they held on, they would eventually be saved.

Klein didn't object. Walking through the thin fog ahead of him, he calmly said, "We'll pass by the telegraph office."

Phew. Blazing Danitz breathed a sigh of relief, then his heart skipped a beat.

He was afraid that the Church of Storms would investigate and discover that an infamous pirate had played an important role in the matter. By then, he would probably still be trapped aboard the White Agate.

Although I saved people, the Mandated Punishers aren't friendly to those who don't belong to them, especially when I'm a pirate... Stumped for a moment, Danitz decided to get over the immediate danger before considering other matters.

After walking for a while, they came within sight of the telegraph office. A faint yellow light suddenly emerged from the side street and approached them from the depths of the fog.

It was a middle-aged man carrying a hurricane lamp.

He wore dark blue bishop's robes embroidered with the symbol of the storm. His head was bowed, and his face was pale. He wheezed as he staggered forward.

Elland focused and blurted out, "Bishop Millet?"

The middle-aged man looked up, raised his hurricane lamp, and said, "Elland, is that you?"

At this moment, Klein took a step back, letting Elland stand out. He didn't wish for the bishop of the Church of Storms to take notice of him.

Danitz even ducked his head, using Urdi's plump body to block himself.

"Yes, Your Excellency. Jayce is dead. What happened?" Elland wasn't a novice, so he didn't directly step forward.

Bishop Millet coughed and said, "An old custom has been revived, and a group of heathens with dirty blood running through their veins have begun offering living sacrifices and consuming their flesh and blood.

"Jayce discovered what they were doing and ended up being killed by them.

"The matter can no longer be covered up. They used the sacrificial ritual to change the weather and tried to attack the cathedral. They were defeated by the Mandated Punishers and fled to the mountain. They escaped to the cave where the altar is.

"I was injured in combat. Without being able to hold out much longer, all I could do was slowly make my way back."

Just as he finished speaking, a bright ball of light burst out of the distant fog, as if countless bolts of lightning were striking down.

With the help of this light, Klein and the others could see the fog-covered mountain range by the shore, as well as the peak which was wreathed in thunder.

To a certain extent, this confirmed Bishop Millet's claim.

Elland was about to step forward and support the Storm bishop when he saw Gehrman Sparrow take out a gold coin and murmur, "He harbors ill intentions."

Ding!

The gold coin flew up and then tumbled in the air before landing in Klein's palm, heads facing up.

It meant a positive result!

Bishop Millet stared straight at this scene, his light brown eyes suddenly flashing with a dark red light.

Chapter 511: "Snitch Halo"

Whoosh!

A strong gale blew out from Bishop Millet's body, lifting up his dark blue bishop robes.

Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! The branches of the nearby trees snapped as they flew into the air.

Donna's body involuntarily rose a few meters into the air before being thrown out several meters. Her body ached all over when she fell to the ground.

It wasn't just her; Cecile, Denton, Timothy, Harris, and the others were all swept into the air by the wind and landed in different spots. Only Cleves, Teague, and Urdi, either because of their training or unusual weight, managed to remain on the ground, though they staggered and tumbled a few times.

Elland, who was facing Bishop Millet directly, retreated with a series of backward somersaults, dodging the oncoming blast of wind.

Klein and Danitz didn't attempt to resist it head-on; instead, they flew backward like kites. Although they looked like they were about to collapse to the ground, they ultimately managed to keep their balance.

As soon as the hurricane stopped, six figures emerged from the dispersing fog. They were all wearing black cloaks and were headless. Left with only bleeding necks, their hoods were held up by the eddies of the hurricane.

Gasp! Gasp!

Their throats emitted the low grunts of beasts poised to attack.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

A series of thin, sharp wind blades shot out, leaving a deep, distinct gash where Klein had been somersaulting.

Tap! Tap! Tap!

From either side of the lantern-wielding Bishop Millet, whose dark blue bishop's robe had flared up slightly, six headless men rushed at Klein, Elland, and the others, stomping hard enough to make the ground tremble.

One headless monster is already hard enough to deal with, but now there are six of them... And there's even a bishop who's obviously corrupted! When Blazing Danitz saw this scene, he couldn't help but feel his scalp tingle.

At this moment, a bronze beam streaked past his eyes and shot into the distance.

Dang! Dang! Dang! Azik's copper whistle dropped to the ground and bounced a few times.

With a whoosh, the six headless men changed direction at the same time, rushing towards the location where Azik's copper whistle came to a stop, leaving Bishop Millet standing alone in his original spot.

Klein seized the opportunity, lifted his left hand, tore the Sun Brooch from inside his coat, and threw it to Captain Elland, who was closest to him. He shouted succinctly, "Inject your Spirituality. Five seconds. Holy water."

After saying this, he ignored his silk top hat, which had been blown away, bent low, and dashed toward Bishop Millet in a zigzag.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

One after another, wind blades were shot out in close succession, all of them aimed at Klein.

In a flash, cuts and gashes appeared across the ground. Klein alternately somersaulted, lunged forward, and vaulted with his hands to avoid the first round of concentrated fire.

The dark red light in Bishop Millet's eyes grew brighter as he raised his hands.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

At this moment, the wind blades inundated him like machine-gun fire. Klein only had enough time to dodge half of them before his body was torn apart, turning into thin, light shreds of paper that flew into the air.

Klein appeared in another direction and continued charging at Bishop Millet, trying to close to an effective range!

After catching the Sun Brooch, Elland immediately felt the heat. He wished that he could take off his clothes and jump into freezing water.

He recalled the instructions Gehrman Sparrow had given him, then took a tin-colored alcohol flask from inside his clothes, unscrewed the lid, and poured out all the Lanti Proof. The strong aroma of the liquor rapidly spread in all directions.

Blazing Danitz looked around, quickly assessing the situation.

With a grimace, he genuflected and suddenly pressed both his palms onto the ground.

Two scarlet fire serpents appeared out of thin air and slithered along the ground toward Azik's copper whistle, rising into four blazing walls of fire.

His original plan had been to throw a fireball at Bishop Millet and let Gehrman Sparrow use the flames to jump toward the bishop and launch an attack. However, after seeing the freezing gales surrounding the bishop, he prudently abandoned the idea. He decided to first deal with the headless monsters to prevent them from interfering with Gehrman Sparrow's ability to use his full strength.

Cleves, Cecile, Teague, and Harris had already stood up again and had drawn their guns. They surrounded Urdi, Donna, and Timothy in the middle, guarding them against any other monsters that might appear.

Their experience taught them that, without any prior teamwork training, it was best not to interfere in a battle that was beyond that of ordinary humans.

Tap! Tap! Tap!

The six headless men, oblivious to the burning flames, burst through the scarlet walls of fire and began to pounce on Azik's copper whistle like ravenous dogs.

This gave Elland time to inject his spirituality into the Sun Brooch with composure. After the holy water condensed, he dripped it into the alcohol flask.

Seeing the headless figures clustered together in a frenzy, Danitz's heart skipped a beat. He crouched halfway and, with a flushed face, condensed a scorching-white flaming spear in his right palm.

Taking a step forward, he twisted his waist and swung his arm, throwing out the flaming spear. It whistled as it hit a headless man and nailed it to the ground.

A blazing white light soared, and the headless man's body was reduced to ashes. The remaining half of his body was also burning, continuously releasing blackish-green gases.

Seeing that his attack had succeeded, Danitz was about to continue this attack method when he suddenly sensed a particular kind of crazy, terrifying hunger.

At this moment, he felt as though he had arrived in front of a deep abyss, just one step away from falling in.

He knew that Gehrman Sparrow was no longer suppressing the crazy soul inside him.

After using Paper Figurine Substitutes three times, Klein finally entered a predetermined distance.

The glove on his left palm suddenly exploded with a hunger that had been suppressed for a long time, and dark golden scales began sprouting from it as it squirmed.

Klein's pupils narrowed until they seemed vertical.

Immediately after, his pupils reflected Bishop Millet's fluttering dark blue robes.

Without a sound, the middle-aged man who was about to produce a large number of wind blades suddenly threw his head back, and his body froze for a second.

His eyes, which were glowing with a dark red light, lost their rationality as they were filled with a sense of madness. His skin became smooth and colorful, like the skin of some aquatic creatures.

He let out a panting sound, as though it had come from the depths of the ocean, as slippery, disgusting tentacles suddenly drilled out from under his dark blue robe!

Psychiatrist's Frenzy!

Klein had only intended to interrupt the enemy's attack and create an opening for a follow-up, but the moment Bishop Millet went berserk, he lost control!

The moment the fallen, corrupted man lost his final restraints of reason, he plunged into the abyss of losing control!

Klein's pupils shrank as he saw the situation. He no longer hesitated, and he switched the soul he was driving.

Amid Bishop Millet's frenzy, the glove on Klein's left palm became tinged with gold. His expression turned solemn as his gaze once again locked onto the bishop.

In an instant, his eyes lit up like two bolts of lightning.

All of a sudden, Bishop Millet let out a blood-curdling screech, his palms and tentacles retracted as he covered his head.

His psyche had been penetrated, causing him indescribable pain.

Interrogator!

Klein pushed himself up with his right hand, and his left hand lit up with a resplendent brilliance.

Right on the heels of that, he leaned back and opened his arms as if to embrace the sun.

A thick, pure, and blazing brilliance descended from the sky, landing on Bishop Millet and enveloping him within it.

The surroundings changed as though it was daytime. The strong gales came to an abrupt halt.

Sequence 5 Priest of Light!

Bishop Millet's body began to evaporate, first his skin, then his tentacles, and finally his flesh.

By the time the brilliant pillar of light disappeared, he no longer looked human. Instead, he had turned into a monster made of bones and flesh. Whatever was left of his aura was rather weak.

However, he wasn't dead!

The vitality of a Rampager was extraordinarily tenacious!

Klein's expression didn't change. He took a few steps forward and rushed to the battered body of Bishop Millet. He genuflected, leaned forward, and pressed his left palm against the flesh.

He stopped using the power of the Priest of Light because he wanted to leave some food for Creeping Hunger!

A small crack silently appeared in the palm of the glove. Two rows of illusory, eerie white teeth grew from it and began madly devouring flesh, bones, and spirituality.

However, Bishop Millet continued struggling. He steadied his flesh and grew new tentacles, trying to entangle Klein and pull him into his embrace.

Klein threw his cane, pulled out his revolver, and fired five shots in quick succession at the monster.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Bullets of pale gold, brass, and silver struck Bishop Millet, igniting patches of differently colored flames.

Bishop Millet let out a blood-curdling screech once more, one that seemed to come from his soul. He finally wasn't able to resist Creeping Hunger. Even his flesh and soul were transformed into a torrent that poured into the insatiable mouth.

In just two or three seconds, all that remained on the ground were clothes, money, and specks of dark blue and green light.

This was the difference between "Devouring" and "Grazing."

Klein wanted the latter more, but there was no other food around.

Meanwhile, Captain Elland had already created two rounds of holy water inside his alcohol flask.

Danitz hurriedly shouted at him, "Throw it over!"

Without hesitation, Elland threw the alcohol flask towards the headless men who were still vying for the copper whistle.

Ahem. Danitz cleared his throat and stood up straight.

He leisurely inserted his left palm into his pocket and pushed forward with his right hand, quickly forming many scarlet Fire Ravens around him.

These half-illusory Fire Ravens flapped their wings and flew out along different trajectories. They converged on the alcohol flask just as it passed above the group of headless figures.

Rumble!

The alcohol flask shattered as Sun Holy Water splattered everywhere.

Sizzle! The remaining headless people were all drenched as they screamed and twitched in pain before falling to the ground.

They melted away quickly into blood as Azik's copper whistle lay still in the middle of the purified area.

It's over... Gehrman Sparrow is really strong. Even if he encounters Captain, he'll be able to hold his own against her... It's a pity that I didn't get to see which Beyonder powers he used... Danitz turned his head to look at Klein, who was standing before Bishop Millet's remains, and sighed inwardly.

Then he saw Gehrman Sparrow glance at him coldly.

Subconsciously, Danitz dejectedly ran out and picked up Azik's copper whistle.

Donna rubbed her bruised arm and saw Uncle Sparrow, dressed in his long black coat, walk back a few steps before stooping to pick up his silk top hat, silently dusting it off, and putting it back on.

Chapter 512: The End of Things?

After Klein retrieved his hat, Bishop Millet's Beyonder characteristic had already been fully condensed. It was only the size of a thumb and was translucent and light blue in color. However, from time to time, green streaks would appear like a tidal wave that approached a black hue.

Opening the revolver's cylinder, Klein shook it, dropping the empty shells that were either gold, silver, or brass in color to the ground, creating crisp tinkling sounds.

Then, he calmly took out a speedloader he had prepared earlier and loaded another set of Beyonder rounds into the gun.

After doing all this, he put away the revolver, bent over to pick up Bishop Millet's Beyonder characteristic, and stuffed it into his pocket without paying too much attention to it.

Klein picked up his cane and turned back to the group after taking a few steps. He pulled out a paper figurine and flicked it like he was lashing a whip.

Pa!

The paper figurine was quickly ignited. It flew out of his hand and turned into specks of scarlet light that fell to the ground, extinguishing into dust.

"How cool..." Denton forgot the pain from his fall and stared intently.

It's like Uncle Sparrow is setting off fireworks... Donna nodded in agreement with her brother's words.

After using Paper Figurine Substitutes to interfere with the information and traces in the area, Klein looked in the direction of the way back and said calmly and concisely, "Leave this area."

With that, he turned around and walked away at a leisurely pace. He took the Sun Brooch and Azik's copper whistle from Elland and Danitz respectively.

Urdi and the others didn't make useless comments, nor did they cry out in pain. They followed quietly behind.

In the battle just now, they had fully witnessed the uniqueness of Beyonders, especially Danitz's flaming powers. They were the most eye-catching and obvious, leaving a deep impression on them and making them fully realize that this wasn't something ordinary people could intervene in. All they could do was follow the instructions and stay close behind.

Only by doing so could they guarantee their survival!

Compared to Danitz's fight, the battle between Klein and Bishop Millet mainly involved invisible wind blades and the truly intangible psyche domain. Other than the holy light that seemed to descend from the gods and the frightening sight of Bishop Millet losing control, the entire battle appeared deceptively calm, so it didn't shock the onlookers as deeply.

As they passed through the area they had just occupied, Cleves, Cecile, and the others suddenly stopped in their tracks. They saw that the ground was densely covered with cracks.

This... They instantly understood that Gehrman Sparrow's battle with the fallen bishop had been many times more harrowing than the other fight.

A sense of horror and security arose at the same time as all of them quickened their pace.

Twenty or thirty seconds later, Klein stopped on the street outside the telegraph office. He said to Captain Elland in a deadpan manner, "Do you want to send a telegram?"

After saying that, he couldn't help but remind him, "Do not force your way in."

"Alright." On this strange night, Elland was just as cautious.

He took a few brisk steps to the telegraph office and knocked on the door three times.

Thump! Thump! Thump!

Amidst a slightly muffled sound, someone from inside asked, "Who is it?"

Klein, who was already on guard, suddenly frowned, because the one who spoke was a man!

Elland was also puzzled.

"I want to send a telegram.

"Who are you? I remember the person on duty was a lady before."

The man inside replied calmly, "I'm... Paavo Court, Melanie's colleague.

"She's right... beside me. She's fine."

Just as Paavo Court finished speaking, the female voice from before immediately followed up, "Yes... I'm doing very well.

"You don't... need to keep watch anymore. Paavo Court... is back."

Pal, doesn't your folklore say not to answer or open the door? How did Paavo Court get in? Klein resisted the urge to question her.

Elland took a step back and cleared his throat.

"I'd like to send a telegram to the headquarters of the Church of Storms."

"I'm sorry... But... we can't open the door," Paavo Court replied without emotion.

Elland also felt the strangeness of the matter and didn't dare to force it. Instead, he proposed an alternative plan.

"Can you send it for me and pass the draft to me through the crack in the door?

"The content is about the abnormal changes in Bansy Harbor, and the deaths of Bishop Millet and Priest Jayce. It shall be signed off with Elland."

"Alright." Melanie's voice trailed off, as if she'd returned to the telegraph machine.

After waiting for a while, he heard tapping sounds, and before long, a copy of the telegram draft was extended out from the gap under the door.

Elland bent down to pick it up, resisting the urge to peek through the cracks.

He looked at the telegram draft, and his nose suddenly twitched. He smelled a faint scent of blood on the paper!

He tilted his head and looked at Gehrman Sparrow, using his eyes to inform him that there was a problem with the telegraph office.

However, he was met with a deep and unperturbed gaze, as well as words that were said in a calm and indifferent tone.

"Return to the ship."

After throwing this sentence out, Klein turned around immediately and walked towards the end of the street, his figure gradually blending into the thin fog.

Carrying a broken lantern, Danitz immediately followed after him. Without any hesitation, Donna and the others did the same.

After pondering in silence for two seconds, Elland took the telegram draft and ran after the group.

No further sounds came from the telegraph office. It was unusually quiet.

Perhaps due to the extermination of the fallen Bishop Millet, Klein and the others didn't meet any more headless people in black cloaks on their way back. Moldy heads were only seen twice, and they were easily dealt with.

After walking for an unknown length of time, they finally saw the dock and the White Agate which had candlelight seeping out.

This sight made Urdi and the others regain their strength. They transitioned from a brisk walk to a jog, all the way until they reached the bottom of the gangway.

Klein stood guard below them with his bloodstained cane until everyone was on board. Then, with a powerful leap, he bounded onto the deck in just a few steps.

At that moment, Elland had already begun to gather his first mate, second mate, boatswain, gunner commander, and other subordinates. He got them to gather the sailors, adjust the cannons, and prepare to depart at any moment. Although leaving the port at night had nontrivial security risks, it would be the best way to avoid danger if the situation worsened!

"Uncle Sparrow..." Donna held her brother by the hand and trotted to Klein's side, plagued by a bellyful of questions.

Klein nodded, pointed to the cabin, and said, "Go back to your room first.

"We'll talk about it tomorrow."

The danger hasn't been averted!

Donna nodded obediently. Together with Denton, she put her index finger to her lips.

"Shh!"

After the Branch family and the Timothy family entered the cabin, Klein walked over to Elland, took out Bishop Millet's Beyonder characteristic, and threw it to him.

"If there are still Mandated Punishers alive, return this to them."

The Beyonder characteristic left behind by a bishop who might've been a Sequence 6 would definitely be pursued by the Church of Storms, and everyone on the White Agate would be a target of suspicion. Klein didn't want to be wanted by the number one power at sea as soon as he set sail.

If none of the Mandated Punishers in Bansy Harbor survived, and if reinforcements from headquarters would take a while to arrive, leaving Klein plenty of time to deal with the matter and leave, then he would surely be reluctant to return it and would find a reason to get it back.

Elland caught the thumb-sized object, glancing at it doubtfully.

He didn't ask what it could be used for, and he chuckled.

"Don't worry about the Church of Storms' investigation. I'll hint to them that you're with me."

So, I'll be considered a member of MI9 by the Church of Storms? Klein nodded without saying anything else.

Elland looked at Danitz and probingly asked, "Blazing?"

"Haha." Danitz chuckled dryly and took a leaf out of someone's book. "Guess."

"I don't think so then," Elland replied with tacit understanding.

With the simple matters dealt with, Klein returned to the side of the ship and looked at the fog-shrouded Bansy Harbor, prepared against any hidden dangers.

Time ticked by, and the peak of the mountain next to the shore lit up once again with the lights of a thunderstorm.

Streaks of silver and violent bolts of lightning swept the area without restraint before they gradually calmed down.

The fog in Bansy Harbor began to dissipate, and the light of the crimson moon became clearer.

It's over? Even after seeing this, Klein still didn't dare to completely relax.

Half an hour later, three men who claimed to be Mandated Punishers came to the dock to see Captain Elland.

After Gehrman Sparrow confirmed it with a divination and a round of questioning, Elland allowed the sailors to lower the gangway.

The three Mandated Punishers motioned for the surrounding crew to leave, then they lowered their voices and informed the captain of the situation.

Klein didn't move closer to listen, but instead he waited patiently for the matter to end.

A few minutes later, Elland returned Bishop Millet's remaining characteristic to the Mandated Punishers and watched them leave the White Agate to deal with the rest of the mess.

Phew... Elland exhaled and came to Klein's and Danitz's side. He casually said with a tinge of lingering fear, "The matter has been resolved. There are no problems."

Has it really been solved... Klein suddenly thought of Paavo Court and Melanie behind the telegraph office door. He recalled Fox, the owner of the Green Lemon Restaurant, and the many lodgers who had watched them silently.

Elland continued, "To be specific, Jayce discovered the revival of the ancient customs of cannibalism and live sacrifice, confirming that a small number of people in Bansy Harbor had become heretics.

"He hurried back to the church and reported this to Bishop Millet, but unbeknownst to him, the person before him was the leader of the heretics, a true fallen one. He had his neck cut off by Millet's wind blade and died in the cathedral of the Lord.

"Millet was about to dispose of the body, but he was discovered by the servants; hence, things spiraled out of control.

"Some of the servants were turned into monsters, while some were led by the priests to hide underground.

"Without any means to hide himself, Millet quickly left the cathedral, gathered the heretics, and headed for the altar at the mountaintop. The weather changed as a result. After the Mandated Punishers retrieved three Sealed Artifacts, they rushed over and engaged in an intense battle.

"In the process, Millet was injured and escaped, while the rest of the heretics remained to defend the altar which was eventually overrun.

"The Church's headquarters has already replied, and they'll be sending people to investigate the cause of Bishop Millet's fall. Heh, I told them that we were only able to kill Bishop Millet by joining forces because he was heavily injured. By the way, the Mandated Punishers have gotten me to get the Branch and Timothy families to sign a confidential agreement."

After giving a general account of the situation, Elland let out a long sigh of relief and busied himself with the remaining matters.

Klein didn't dare to completely relax. He stayed on deck until the clouds appeared to burn when the sun slowly rose, illuminating the entire port.

He saw the residents leave their houses one by one, basking in the golden sunlight, chatting and laughing as they headed for their respective jobs.

Bansy Harbor finally had the breath of human life again.

It's really over... Klein turned around, slightly puzzled. He had planned to catch up on his sleep, but only after the ship had departed. As for Danitz, although he had long been yawning, he remained where he was when he saw that Gehrman Sparrow hadn't moved.

On the way into the cabin, Klein met Elland, who had also not slept the entire night.

"Good morning. We're about to leave the port. There's nothing to worry about," Elland greeted with a smile.

As he spoke, the White Agate's whistle sounded.

Upon hearing the sound, Klein secretly exhaled, deciding to put all his doubts behind him. He didn't want to think about Bansy Harbor anymore, so he nodded in response.

Elland stretched his neck and commented with a sigh, "Last night, I had a mystical feeling that the old Binsy and the modern Bansy Harbor overlapped."

Klein had intended to walk past him when he suddenly grasped a word and asked with a grave expression, "Binsy?"

"Heh heh, that's the ancient name of Bansy Harbor. Three or four hundred years ago, it was called Binsy Town. Later, due to its pronunciation and other factors, it gradually evolved into Bansy," Elland introduced in passing.

Klein's pupils shrank when he heard the answer.

He remembered very clearly that the evil spirit in Backlund's underground relic had once mentioned that if one wanted to find one of the founders of Rose Redemption, the former King of Angels, Medici, and his descendants, one could go to Binsy Town to try their luck!

Binsy! Klein's heart seemed to freeze over, inch by inch. A chill radiated from the depths of his bone marrow.

He jerked his gaze back to the harbor, to the scenes of the telegraph office with its tightly closed doors and the lodgers in Green Lemon Restaurant who were silently staring at him.

Chapter 513: Intimidation

If I had probed deeper, then I would very likely have attracted the Rose Redemption or even a hidden Red Angel... Several times, I danced at the edge of a cliff... Luckily, I managed to restrain my impulse and curiosity about the weird situation at Green Lemon Restaurant and the telegraph office... Klein retracted his gaze, finding the Sun Brooch inadequate in keeping his back from oozing with a layer of cold sweat.

Compared to the arrival of the True Creator, this unknown, undetonated danger was much more horrifying. At least, Klein couldn't help but imagine what would've happened if he kicked the telegraph office's door open, or if he went around the back, climbed through a window, and entered the room.

He constantly imagined all sorts of strange and terrifying scenes, which frightened himself quite a bit.

At the same time, he decided to produce Sun Holy Water for the passengers who had eaten at Bansy Harbor last night, in order to avoid any remaining dormant dangers.

"What's wrong?" Elland sensed Gehrman Sparrow's abnormality.

"I just remembered something." Klein used his Clown's powers to keep his facial expression normal, but inside he was glad that he didn't take the risk last night and had now successfully left Bansy Harbor.

As for the secrets of Rose Redemption and the King of Angels, he only had one thought in mind: Quickly report it!

If he didn't report it, was he allowing them to usher in 1351's new year?

If he chose to hide the truth and wait until he had a sufficiently high Sequence or enough strength to explore and reap the corresponding benefits, then Klein felt that he would feel very guilty and end up carrying a heavy burden if something happened during that time, causing the danger to be triggered prematurely, or if the remnant heretics caused the death of one innocent passenger after another. That would only push him closer to losing control.

Of course, reporting the matter needed to be done properly and shrewdly. Klein wasn't foolish enough to tell Elland directly or write an anonymous letter to the Church of Storms, which would then lead to a lot of trouble. First, the authorities would definitely investigate Gehrman Sparrow's background, and things could be easily exposed if thorough investigations were made. Secondly, this identity might be exposed to the Rose Redemption, which might attract a King of Angels' pursuit.

What Klein intended to do was to use The World to mention the anomaly in Bansy Harbor when the Tarot Gathering was held in two days. He would then have The Fool lightly allude to Rose Redemption and a King of Angels. As a member of the Church of Storms, The Hanged Man would naturally know what to do next.

This would be a chance for him to perform a deed of merit!

As for the blood of the direct descendants of the Medici family, Klein didn't even consider it, because neither he nor Miss Sharron had the intention of rescuing the evil spirit in the underground relic.

Noticing that Gehrman Sparrow obviously didn't want to mention his past, Elland chuckled, took out a small black wooden box, and tossed it over.

Klein reached out and caught it, using his eyes to express his puzzlement.

"A murloc bladder. It can be used to make items. It's very useful at sea."

A murloc's Beyonder ingredient... Worth more than 150 pounds... The captain sure is generous... Klein had almost forgotten how Gehrman Sparrow should react.

Fortunately, he had a lot of experience in acting. He immediately sank his face and said, "I didn't save you for a reward."

Elland laughed and said, "I'm not giving you this in return for saving me.

"Aren't we friends now? Isn't it normal to help a friend make up for his shortcomings when he doesn't have such items?"

What he said makes sense. There's no way to refute him at all... Klein held onto the small black box and remained silent for a few seconds. Finally, he nodded.

Elland covered his mouth as he yawned before taking off his boat-shaped hat.

"I need to return to my room to catch up on my sleep. See you at noon."

Klein waved politely and led Danitz towards Room 312.

He saw that Donna and Denton were up early and waiting at the door.

"Uncle Sparrow, what's that in your hand?" Donna asked curiously.

Klein didn't say anything and directly opened the lid of the small black box.

The interior was lined with a layer of black velvet, and sitting in the middle was a round, gem-like, transparent object. It had a blue, aqueous luster that swirled outwards.

"That murloc's..."

Denton thought for a moment.

"Bladder!"

At this moment, at Klein's signal, Danitz opened the door.

Donna walked in briskly while stretching out her hand from behind her.

She held a thick wad of cash consisting of ten-pound and five-pound notes.

"My father, my mother, Uncle Cleves, and Uncle Timothy's family asked me to pass this to you. A total of 150 pounds!" Donna smiled sweetly. "They said that this isn't enough to express their gratitude; it's just to replenish the supplies you used, uh... Those things are expensive, right?"

"They're not that expensive." Klein thought for a moment, then accepted the 150-pound gratuity so that Urdi and the other ordinary people wouldn't feel uneasy.

Seeing Uncle Gehrman Sparrow put the cash and the small black wooden box into his pocket, Donna was relieved that she had finally completed the task her parents had handed her.

She quickly recovered her composure and turned to the true purpose of her visit. She asked curiously and fearfully, "Uncle Sparrow, what kind of monsters were those last night? Are ghost stories true? Were you born with the ability to jump out of the flames and let light descend? Is this magic, or witchcraft?"

Stop, stop, stop, you have too many questions... Klein, who couldn't stand the heat any longer, took off the Sun Brooch and threw it on the desk in the living room. He casually replied at the same time.

"They're called Beyonder powers. They're obtained through certain rituals and potions.

"A lot of ghost stories have archetypes, and last night's monsters were created by an evil ritual.

"Ask him about the rest."

Klein glanced sideways at Danitz.

"How magical..." Denton and Donna sighed.

Then Donna said, her eyes shining, "Uncle Sparrow, you're just like the 'Superman' described by Emperor Roselle!

"Can we... can we also become people like you through rituals and potions?"

Denton nodded heavily, echoing his sister's words, and both of them felt a surge of strong anticipation.

At that moment, Donna noticed Gehrman Sparrow's eyes turn melancholic.

Soon after, she saw the mouth of this magical uncle open up, revealing a somewhat strange smile.

Klein said in a low voice, "This isn't something to be envied or anticipated.

"As long as you choose this path, you'll constantly be accompanied by threats and madness.

"You can beat them a hundred times, a thousand times, but as long as you lose once, you'll end up like that fallen bishop."

As he spoke, he leaned on his cane, took off his suit, and rolled up the sleeves of his shirt.

One of his arms was shriveled and wrinkled, as though he were a centenarian. The other was translucent and colorless, revealing the blood vessels, muscles, and aponeurosis beneath the skin.

At the same time, dense, pale granules of flesh grew across his face, making Donna and Denton fall backward in terror and slam into the door.

With thin flesh granules growing on his face, Klein maintained his smile.

"See this?

"This is madness."

No... Donna and Denton nearly lost their minds. They stumbled through the door and ran out.

After a few steps, they fell to the ground, unable to keep their balance.

"How terrifying..." Denton whimpered repeatedly.

At that moment, they heard the door to Room 312 clang shut.

Donna gradually calmed down, not daring to think of Gehrman Sparrow's appearance again. Uncle Sparrow's face had been covered in fleshy granules, while his shriveled and translucent arms hadn't looked much better than those of the monsters from the night before.

For some reason, she recalled his eyes and the words, "this is madness."

Her vision suddenly blurred, and she couldn't stop the tears from rolling down her cheeks.

"Donna, Donna, what's the matter with you?" Denton was so frightened by her reaction that he forgot his fear.

Donna sobbed and said, "I don't know...

"I j-just feel very, very sad all of a sudden."

Inside Room 312.

Seeing that Klein had returned to normal, Danitz couldn't help but click his tongue.

"Actually, there's no need to scare the children like this. They'll have nightmares. Just tell them that taking potions is dangerous."

Just as he finished his sentence, he saw a hard wooden cane covered in blood and dirt flying over, accompanied by a sentence that wasn't in the least bit emotional.

"Wash it clean."

Danitz reached out to grab the cane as the smile on his face froze.

Backlund, Empress Borough, inside the Hall family's luxurious mansion.

Audrey stood behind the white and gold railings on the second floor, watching the servants on the first floor come and go, bustling with activity.

According to the customs of the Loen Kingdom, the nobles with fiefs would leave Backlund one week after the New Year Ball, and they would return to their own fiefs, where they would enjoy a pleasant life in the countryside or in a castle. In June, they would return to the capital, where they would socialize day after day. Of course, a banker with actual power and wealth like Earl Hall definitely needed to make trips between the two places to handle many matters.

However, "moving" wasn't an easy task. Many things had to be tidied up beforehand, and some of the servants would bring them back to the manor or castle. Only after everything was ready would the masters begin their journey.

After this Tarot Gathering ends, I should be sitting on a steam train back to East Chester County. I hope that vampire gentleman really can get the fruit of the Tree of Elders and the blood of the Mirror Dragon so that I can become a Psychiatrist before I leave Backlund... Audrey allowed her thoughts to wander.

Just then, Lady Caitlyn came over and asked with a smile, "Penny for your thoughts? Well... You're already an adult. When you get back to Backlund in June, you'll be able to find something to do. Do you have any plans?"

Audrey didn't think further and directly replied, "Mother, I would like to join the Church's charity organizations."

I want to get to know this world... she added silently in her heart.

"Good idea," the countess agreed.

After giving her some advice, she walked down to the first floor and began to inspect the family's affairs.

Audrey withdrew her emotions and turned her head to the side. With a faint smile, she said to the large golden retriever that was sitting to her side, "Susie, are you looking forward to it? You can run as much as you want in the green pastures and in the lush woods."

She was making fun of Susie because she had only become a gift because she wasn't a qualified foxhound.

Susie instinctively wanted to stick her tongue out, but she stopped herself like a cultured lady.

She answered without hiding her emotions, "Of course, I like to run, but I hate those barbaric fellows."

Are you referring to the foxhounds that Father and the others rear? Audrey pursed her lips to stop herself from smiling.

She looked up at the wall clock and saw that it was almost time for the Tarot Gathering.

Chapter 514: Legends of Ancient Gods

Above the endless gray fog, the majestic palace stood still.

Just as Emlyn White, who had arrived here once again, regained his vision, he saw Miss Justice opposite him looking at the end of the mottled long table before greeting cheerfully, "Good afternoon, Mr. Fool~"

Audrey greeted everyone, one person at a time, starting with The Fool and ending with The World.

This order wasn't based on the seating arrangement, but on the order of the tarot cards--The Fool was the beginning that contained all possibilities, and The World was the end that represented perfect sublimation.

This was a touch of obsessive-compulsive behavior on the part of Miss Audrey, a mysticism enthusiast. It had emerged as the number of Tarot Club members increased.

She really is a carefree girl of noble birth... Emlyn deliberately made a profound judgment and politely returned the greeting.

During this process, he caught sight of The Sun through the corner of his eye. He couldn't help but think of the recent days when he had been studying the detailed history of the Sanguine at the home of Baron Waymandy.

There are a lot of details that I don't know about. There are indeed differences between professional researchers and amateur enthusiasts, but from this week onwards, I, Emlyn White, would be a professional researcher... Baron Waymandy has never mentioned anything related to the City of Silver, so I can't ask him directly. As the secret messiah of the Sanguine who is burdened with secrets, I have to be careful in such matters... Attending class for half a day and going to the cathedral for half a day before accompanying the dolls at night seems to be a pretty good life... Emlyn's thoughts gradually dispersed.

Suddenly, he frowned and realized a very important question.

Why do I still go to the Harvest Church every day?

Yes, as a noble Sanguine, I must put an end to the things I start. There have been a lot of patients recently. Sigh, having your reputation spread isn't a good thing... Emlyn's brow gradually relaxed into a softer frown.

He saw that Miss Justice had completed her greetings. He raised his hand to knock on the table and looked at her.

"The things you need..."

Audrey pressed her right hand down and made a gesture to stop him before saying with a faint smile, "We'll talk about this during the transaction period.

"This is Mr. Fool's reading time."

Based on Mr. Vampire's tone, there must be at least one of the fruits of the Tree of Elders and the blood of a Mirror Dragon... Audrey, you're going to be a Psychiatrist soon! You're about to become a Mid-Sequence Beyonder! Audrey's mood became brighter and brighter, the corners of her eyes filled with smiles.

She looked towards the figure amidst the thick fog and said, her voice lifting at the end, "Honorable Mr. Fool, I've gotten another three Roselle diary pages~"

Just short of four pages... She pursed her lips while in thought.

With Miss Justice setting an example, Fors also said, "Mr. Fool, I also have three new pages of Roselle's diary."

She was also full of anticipation for this Tarot Gathering because her second Apprentice potion had been digested much faster than expected. The dormant dangers had already been completely eliminated the day before yesterday.

Derrick followed immediately, "Honorable Mr. Fool, I've copied some legends of ancient gods."

Then, he said to The Hanged Man, "I've also tabulated the list of monsters around the area."

He really is a good child who doesn't need anyone to remind him... Klein, who had a rich harvest, sighed with emotion.

Seriously, he hasn't improved at all... Even though this will lower the difficulty of me obtaining benefits, it also conceals the risk of me losing the resources from the City of Silver... Exposure is a problem that requires constant vigilance... Alger shook his head indiscernibly.

Roselle's diary and the legends of the ancient gods soon appeared in the palm of Klein's hand.

He skimmed through them quickly and found that two of the six diary pages duplicated previous submissions. For example, one of Miss Justice's contributed pages matched a page that The Hanged Man had handed over last year.

That's inevitable unless I can really teach them Simplified Chinese... Klein sighed and willed the two diary pages to the back.

The remaining four pages didn't contain very valuable information. Most of them belonged to the period when Roselle had lost his ideals and was obsessed with money, and the text was filled with sentences such as "What did I invent today," "What will I invent tomorrow," "How many gold coins can it be sold for," or "how much investment I received." It nearly made Klein lose control of his expression, wishing to smack these diary pages in Roselle's face.

At this moment, Audrey keenly discovered that the Black Emperor card had returned to the side of Mr. Fool's hand and was placed face down.

So it really was bestowed to his Blessed! Was it to help him complete a mission? Hmm... or is there another possibility, that this is a new Card of Blasphemy, and not the original one! Audrey guessed with interest.

After flipping through the diary pages, Klein resisted the urge to take a deep breath to calm his heart, and he looked at the legends of the ancient god provided by Little Sun.

It was quite a rough description. It divided the eight ancient gods of the Second Epoch into three camps. The Giant King, Aurmir; the Elf King, Soniathrym; and the Vampire Ancestor, Lilith, were allies who fought against the Dragon of Imagination, Ankewelt; the Phoenix Ancestor, Gregrace, and the Mutant King, Kvastir. As for the Devil Monarch, Farbauti and the Annihilation Demonic Wolf, Flegrea, they were the ones who wanted to subvert all order and corrupt all living beings.

In the records of the City of Silver, the eight ancient gods were described as violent, evil, cruel, and terrifying. Even the Ancestor Vampire, Lilith, who superficially looked the most normal and was known as the Embodiment of Beauty, had a disgusting and ferocious side. For instance, she would manifest into a mountain range of flesh. On top of it grew all kinds of reproductive organs as they spewed out thick black fog while constantly producing all sorts of strange creatures. All powerhouses who approached "Her" would be overwhelmed by the desire to mate and reproduce, becoming a walking organ.

And all living beings who saw this scene--other than the other ancient gods--would lose their minds without exception or mutate on the spot, while others went mad. The records of the City of Silver originated from the ancient texts of the Giant King's Court. Of course, that was what they claimed.

I cannot eliminate the possibility that this is to discredit an ally... This aspect is rather similar to the loss of control of the Primordial Moon to whom the Sanguine pray... Is this one of the traits when one follows the Moon pathway to the end? At this thought, Klein almost raised his head to sweep his glance at Emlyn White.

In the legends of the City of Silver, the Vampire Ancestor, Lilith, really did control the crimson moon. As long as "She" wanted, "She" could make the Blood Moon appear every day for three hundred and sixty-five days a year, allowing the negative energy to rampage through the lands and the spirit world to interact with reality for an extended period of time, releasing countless unspeakable monsters and evil spirits.

This is the power of a deity... I wonder what the difference is between the ancient gods and the current true gods. Why do all of them look like evil gods... In the legends of the Sanguine, Lilith isn't like that. One of them is lying between the two of them? Or could it be that there was a change midway, from the one recorded in the City of Silver to the one depicted in the legends of the Sanguine? Klein looked away and took note of the details.

He made the paper in his hands vanish and leaned back slightly.

"You may begin."

With her bright eyes, Audrey looked at Emlyn White and immediately said, "Mr. Moon, do you have news of the fruit of the Tree of Elders and the blood of a Mirror Dragon?"

Emlyn raised his chin and said, "A total of 750 pounds.

"Just pay this amount and they'll be yours.

"And of course, there's my payment. 100 pounds."

Audrey didn't bother with the total price at all and happily responded, "Deal!

"I hope that the deal will be completed today or tomorrow."

"No problem." Emlyn, who was about to make 100 pounds, couldn't refuse Miss Justice's request.

Awesome! Audrey lowered her right hand, clenched it into a fist, and lightly pumped it twice.

At that moment, Alger turned his head to look at Mr. Vampire.

"Do you still want the inheritance of that Sanguine baron? 4,500 pounds, that's the best price I managed to get for you."

In fact, the pirate was willing to give it up for 3,200 pounds.

Emlyn's expression twisted.

If it's only 1,000 pounds, then I'll definitely take it, but... he thought inwardly.

Although their family members were pretty good apothecaries and doctors, with a modest annual income and long lives that allowed them to save a fortune, Emlyn had been unable to save any money since he became infatuated with dolls. From time to time, he would order some custom dolls.

Even if the 100 pounds which he hadn't received yet was counted, his personal savings didn't even reach 500 pounds, of which, 150 pounds had been contributed by Detective Sherlock Moriarty.

"I... I'll think about it again," Emlyn said with difficulty, suddenly feeling that he had to find some way to quickly save up money.

This fellow, Emlyn, just made the sound of poverty... Upon seeing this scene, Klein happily quipped inwardly.

Being friends with Mr. Vampire in reality, Klein had heard him mention that over the years, he had spent more than 7,000 pounds on dolls, which made Klein marvel at the price of puppets and how extravagant Emlyn was.

"No problem." The Hanged Man didn't press further.

He turned to Audrey.

"My fair lady, the Artisan has completed the work and has obtained a rather mystical item.

"It allows you to truly change your appearance while also providing you with three Beyonder powers--Flame Controlling, Damage Transfer, and Danger Intuition. It improves your balance and agility. It's a silver mask, but it can also be a hat or an earring; it can change its appearance, and you can name it.

"Of course, it also has its own minor flaws. When you wear it, your emotions will be amplified, and you must learn how to control yourself.

"It costs 5,500 pounds."

At this point, The Hanged Man chuckled and said to The World, "The Beyonder characteristic you provided earns you 4,500 pounds, and the Artisan's workmanship is worth 1,000 pounds."

4,500 pounds, much better than I had expected, even though there's a 15 percent commission, that is to say, 675 pounds for Mr. Hanged Man... Klein immediately controlled The World and nodded in agreement, "That wouldn't be an issue."

Emotions would be amplified? According to Miss Escalante, I'll have the ability to influence the moods and mental states of other people when I advance to Psychiatrist. I should be able to do the same for myself... Yes, that flaw isn't a problem! Audrey nodded lightly.

"I will pay within two days of receiving the mystical item."

In order not to reveal the secret of the Tarot Club, she had to wait until she had received the item before she could claim reimbursement from her father.

"Sure." The Hanged Man wasn't the least bit worried about Miss Justice's credibility.

So rich... Both Emlyn and Fors felt agitated at the same time.

Phew... Klein breathed a quiet sigh of relief. This meant that more than three thousand pounds of his would be available soon.

Thank you, Miss Justice! He silently drew a crimson moon inwardly.

Chapter 515: Harvests for Everyone

Frankly speaking, although Alger had predicted that Miss Justice wouldn't bargain, and the fact that the mystical item was indeed worth about 5,500 pounds, he still felt a strong sense of discomfort over such actions. It felt like after all the hard work he had put in to make a killing, the money he earned wasn't even more than her pocket money.

675 pounds split from The World, and the Artisan's fee is only 600 pounds. I'll earn a net profit of 400 pounds... I've made a total of 1,075 pounds in this transaction, but The World isn't a simple figure. He has a great deal of Beyonder characteristics and potion formulas, and he's involved in a great number of events. He's in the know of relatively important information. It's not worth it to get into a conflict with him over a few hundred pounds. Otherwise, I could've pushed the price of his Beyonder characteristic to below 4,000 pounds... The Hanged Man thought wistfully.

As The Fool rejoiced at the prospect of receiving 3,825 pounds, Derrick looked at the lady across him and earnestly said, "Miss Magician, your Spirit Eater's stomach pouch is ready."

"Excellent!" Fors heaved a sigh of relief. "I'll pay 300 pounds in cash to Mr. Hanged Man."

Upon hearing this, Alger's spirit was also lifted. He hurriedly requested The Fool sitting at the end of the long bronze table for permission to conjure the potion formula.

A few seconds later, he wrote the Solar High Priest formula onto the yellowish-brown goatskin parchment in front of him.

"Sequence 7. Solar High Priest. Main ingredients: one red comb of a Dawn Rooster, one fruit of a Radiance Spirit Pact Tree. Supplementary ingredients: 100 ml of a Dawn Rooster's blood, 10 drops of Sun essential oil, 8 grams of fingered citron powder, and 5 grams of solidified lava."

Although Klein didn't deliberately pry into this potion formula, the content which was conjured thanks to him was still reflected in his mind. As long as he was willing to use dream divination to recall, he would immediately get the corresponding knowledge.

He couldn't help but exclaim inwardly, Indeed, running a platform is the most profitable business!

Derrick received the piece of parchment expectantly, glancing at it with relief and excitement.

Then, he conjured the list of monsters which were found in the area surrounding the City of Silver, letting The Hanged Man pick out the Beyonder ingredients that would be used to level the difference in prices.

Alger calmly and carefully checked the list, gaining a precise understanding of the situation around the City of Silver. After that, he selected three ingredients that he knew had buyers and prices.

After that, I'll be able to sell them within two days, earning me about 1,000 pounds. Counting the 300 pounds from Miss Magician and the previous 1,075 pounds, I'll finally have enough money for the Dragon-Eyed Sea Condor's eyeballs... Feeling relieved, Alger turned his head to the side and said to Fors, "Miss Magician, you can prepare the transaction for the Dragon-Eyed Sea Condor eyeballs."

The Hanged Man had less than twenty pounds on him at present, and even the Artisan's fee he had paid in advance had been borrowed thanks to his wide network of contacts. However, by the end of the transaction, his cash assets would reach 2,375 pounds, sufficient enough to cover the 2,000 pounds required for the main ingredient.

Fors thought of the loss she had suffered last week at the hands of Mr. Hanged Man and responded, with a trace of resentment, "Alright."

For her, how much this deal would eventually earn her would depend on her teacher, Dorian Gray. She wouldn't earn anything extra beyond what he was willing to share with her.

At the end of the transaction segment, Klein manipulated The World to seek to purchase the remnant spirituality of ancient wraiths and a pair of eyes from a six-winged gargoyle. As for selling or having the murloc bladder into a mystical item, he temporarily didn't intend to do it through the Tarot Club. He wished to use it as a catalyst to expand his social connections and resource channels at sea.

After today's Tarot Gathering, Miss Justice will finish gathering her Psychiatrist potion's ingredients, and the same is true for Miss Magician's Trickmaster potion... Now that Little Sun has the formula, he can finally work towards Sequence 7. He's one step closer to providing me with a way to remove the mental corruption inside a Beyonder characteristic... Mr. Hanged Man is about to receive one of the main ingredients of Wind-blessed, so there's only one last obstacle in his way before reaching Sequence 6... Only Emlyn hasn't yet made up his mind or found a solution. There's no hope of him advancing in the near future... Klein looked around and said with a chuckle, "Continue your free exchange."

Audrey was about to say something out of habit, but when she thought about it carefully, she felt that there was no news to share this week.

Apart from the numerous balls I've attended and the two psychology classes, there are only matters regarding my return to East Chester County that can be talked about, but there's no need to... She pursed her lips and remained silent.

Fors, who was still languid from the New Year's holidays, still couldn't think of anything. She commented, feeling rather guilty, "Backlund is still under the same kind of high pressure as before. Don't take any risks unless you're an official Beyonder."

Is that so? Emlyn, who had been behaving well during this time, frowned in puzzlement.

A vampire like him who led a routine lifestyle couldn't experience the pain of having all the Beyonder gatherings stopped.

The Hanged Man nodded and thought for a while. Then, he said to The Sun, "Don't be careless.

"Before holding a sacrificial ritual, it's best if you confirm that the chief who led the exploratory team isn't in the City of Silver, or if he's busy with other matters."

"Mr. Hanged Man, do you mean that the Chief could've noticed the repeated cycle of fate?" Derrick asked in astonishment.

The Hanged Man replied solemnly, "That possibility can't be ruled out.

"However, I can't be sure since I don't know enough about your City of Silver."

Having said that, he hid his smile and presented a serious expression.

Derrick said with chagrin, "There are many things I'm not sure of either..."

Alger sighed inwardly, eliminating his disappointed emotions. "In short, caution and carefulness will allow you to live longer."

"Thank you for your reminder," The Sun said sincerely.

The Hanged Man withdrew his gaze and said with a smile, "Recently, the sea has been relatively calm."

No, that's just what you think... Klein silently retorted, manipulating The World to speak with a hoarse voice, "I just happened to hear about something at sea."

Without waiting for The Hanged Man to ask, he looked at Justice and The Magician.

"Ladies, can you buy me a radio transceiver?"

"I... can give it a try." Fors agreed without paying too much attention.

As she was about to leave Backlund, Audrey could only say "sorry."

After negotiating this deal, The World cleared his throat and said, "That matter has something to do with the Church of Storms."

Something to do with the Church? Why didn't I receive any notice? Is it not required for them to pass it down to people at my level? The Hanged Man frowned and waited patiently for The World to speak in detail.

The World originally wanted to sweep The Hanged Man with a teasing look, but due to the difficulty of that sequence of actions, he could only regretfully give up. With a heavy and hoarse laugh, he said, "An old custom in Bansy Harbor was revived. Some of the inhabitants became heretics, and even a bishop of the Church of Storms was corrupted.

"I heard that the matter has been resolved, but quite a few people died."

Bansy Harbor... Alger recalled the situation of the area and explained to Miss Justice and the others who remained confused, "There's a custom of living sacrifices there, and the target is an evil spirit called the God of Weather.

"Overseas, in the Southern Continent, there are quite a number of such evil spirits. On the surface, it seems like they've been cleared away, but in reality, they continue living in a strange state. Many people have suddenly died in those places. Heh heh, it isn't necessarily because of an illness. If you guys have similar travel or adventure plans, don't be careless."

Alger tried to describe what had happened in Bansy Harbor as an accident, one that was within the realm of understanding.

Suddenly, he heard rather deep laughter.

This laughter came from the end of the mottled long table!

Mr. Fool... The Hanged Man suddenly turned his head.

Mr. Fool! Bansy Harbor isn't as simple as it seems! Audrey immediately looked at Mr. Fool who was sitting upright on his high back chair.

Noticing looks of puzzlement, curiosity, or excitement, Klein laughed leisurely with a hint of reminiscence in his voice.

"This reminds me of a King of Angels."

A King of Angels! The matter of Bansy Harbor involves a King of Angels! Audrey's eyes widened in anticipation of what Mr. Fool was to say next.

A King of Angels... Fors took a deep breath, her expression somewhat bitter.

Why is it that all we talk about at the Tarot Club is the descent of the True Creator, the awakening of the Primordial Demoness, and the reappearance of a King of Angels? I'm only a Sequence 9! She wanted to look up at the sky and sigh.

Emlyn, on the other hand, felt a baffling sense of excitement, having found another reason for why his Ancestor had gotten him to pray to The Fool.

As expected, this is a gathering of messiahs in preparation for the apocalypse. We are the chosen ones who will gradually face evil existences such as the King of Angels, the Primordial Demoness, the True Creator, and so on! Emlyn had an impulse to immediately agree to the deal proposed by The Hanged Man, but the fact that he had no money had ruthlessly crushed the fantasy in his mind.

Which King of Angels could it be? On this rare occasion, Derrick shared Miss Justice's and the others' curiosity.

A King of Angels... What secret is Bansy Harbor hiding? Alger was waiting for the answer with rapt attention.

Seeing that Mr. Fool didn't plan on continuing, Audrey couldn't help but ask, "Honorable Mr. Fool, which King of Angels is it?"

Klein leaned back in his chair, chuckled and said, "Medici, who established the Rose Redemption. 'His' descendants live in Binsy."

Rose Redemption! The King of Angels related to the True Creator? Audrey didn't expect that the matter would be multi-layered, with each layer more serious than the last. She subconsciously asked, "Binsy?"

"That's the old name of Bansy," Alger replied in a low voice as he clenched his hands.

He could no longer imagine the truth behind this matter. He only knew that the unforeseen event in Bansy Harbor might not be over yet. The danger that could devour people remained lurking in the shadows!

He didn't know much about the phrase Rose Redemption, only knowing that it had something to do with the temple of the True Creator and the Angel of Fate, Ouroboros, but was unable to confirm exactly what it represented.

In short, the level of this matter is beyond my imagination! Alger looked at the end of the long, mottled table, and suddenly the thought flashed through his mind that Mr. Fool really did know the eight Kings of Angels and that he knew many secrets.

At that moment, he thought of something.

Just last week at the Gathering, Miss Justice had inquired about the other Kings of Angels, and Mr. Fool's answer was that we will come into contact with them in the future.

And just a week later, they really had come into contact with a new King of Angels!

Mr. Fool had foreseen this! Alger's pupils shrank as he lowered his gaze in fear.

Chapter 516: The Hanged Man's Guess

Amidst his shock, another doubt surfaced in Alger's mind.

If Mr. Fool had foreseen this, why did he mention that Bansy Harbor's matter is related to Rose Redemption and the King of Angels, Medici?

Did "He" tell us on purpose? "He" hopes to spread this matter through us?

The target is the King of Angels, Medici? No, it's more likely to be the True Creator!

Mr. Fool has repeatedly thwarted the plans of the True Creator before, so it should be no exception this time... The term Rose Redemption appeared in the abandoned temple of the True Creator, and it's established by the King of Angels, Medici and Ouroboros. Clearly, they share a deep connection with the True Creator.

Bansy Harbor only has our Church of Storms, so the person Mr. Fool is really informing is actually me?

Alger vaguely understood something.

Then, he became acutely aware of another problem.

The last time The World mentioned that something major was about to happen in Backlund, it was immediately confirmed by Mr. Fool, and it later involved the awakening of the Primordial Demoness and the descent of the True Creator. This time, the abnormality at Bansy Harbor also received a response from Mr. Fool. He revealed the secret hidden in ancient Binsy and has brought the Rose Redemption and the King of Angels to the forefront of all the members of the Tarot Club... Isn't this t-too coincidental?

Yes, news provided by The World previously had to do with Backlund, and this is the first time it involves the sea. Furthermore, Mr. Fool had mentioned last week that his Blessed has been forced to leave Backlund because of the Great Smog. They match perfectly.

So, The World is actually Mr. Fool's Blessed? No, he should be a representative among all his Blessed in the Tarot Club. He's to do things that Mr. Fool finds inconvenient. Of course, through this gathering, the Blessed will also trade goods and knowledge in order to advance himself. This is also considered a form of Mr. Fool's nurturing of him.

On careful thought, this theory is probably correct. At least, The World has never collected Roselle's diary in exchange for knowledge or intelligence from Mr. Fool. As his Blessed, it's his duty, so he has probably submitted them in private!

From this conclusion, some deliberate questions or contradictions on The World's part are meant to conceal his identity as a Blessed. This is consistent with his experienced, skilled, and cunning character.

In addition to the hidden attempt to awaken as he slowly lifts the seal, Mr. Fool holds the Tarot Gathering to also use us to interfere in certain events. This is evident from the composition of the members--a high noble, a Beyonder at the bishop level of the Church, a survivor of the Forsaken Land of God, a student of the Abraham family, an adult vampire. Each of us represents a faction or a particular circle or resource channel.

Many thoughts flashed through Alger's mind. Not only was he not discouraged by his own deductions, but he was also excited. To him, Mr. Fool's unknown purpose was the most frightening thing. Having an initial understanding of what he wanted to do allowed him to effectively avoid any risks and improve himself by doing so.

As long as The Fool wants to use us to do things, he'll definitely give us some benefits. This is exactly what I was hoping for... Otherwise, I don't know when I'll be able to see the hope of becoming a demigod... Heh, The World, you definitely didn't expect that I would see through your disguise... Alger's fear subsided, and he began to think about how to use the information about Bansy Harbor.

He couldn't report the matter just like that, as it would arouse suspicion, and he had to patiently wait for an opportunity to let the higher-ups appreciate him and reward him, without ending up being monitored.

Audrey could tell that Mr. Hanged Man was thinking intensely, but she didn't expect him to come up with so many guesses in such a short period of time.

And from the words of Mr. Fool, she was delighted to learn that Rose Redemption was a secret organization established by a number of Kings of Angels, which was also related to the True Creator.

At the same time, she vaguely sensed the strangeness of The World. She realized that this member of the organization, who was the most difficult to read, was always involved in important matters and could always obtain important information. Furthermore, he constantly produced formulas, ingredients, and Beyonder characteristics, as if he could successfully hunt down a Beyonder within one to two weeks!

He left Backlund and went to sea? Or was it a rumor he heard in Backlund? Should I tell this information to the Church? Well, Mr. Hanged Man has a close relationship with the Church of Storms, so it's better for him to do it, and there wouldn't be any problems... Audrey suppressed the thought of probing and only curiously asked, "Honorable Mr. Fool, what's the title of the King of Angels, Medici? Or should I say, what is 'His' pathway?"

Klein leaned back into his chair and said with a deep chuckle, "Red Priest."

Red Priest? Which pathway is that? It sounds very similar to the Black Emperor. Could it be that it's another Sequence 0 title? Audrey thought with excitement and joy.

Red Priest... Derrick silently muttered the words, realizing that there was no corresponding record in the City of Silver's history.

Perhaps I haven't read enough, having only received a general education... he thought regretfully.

Fors and Emlyn listened as if they were listening to a story and were equally interested in similar information.

The only problem is that I can't brag about it or write it into my novels! Fors felt a pang of regret.

Mr. Hanged Man will likely report it to his superiors. Let's hope he doesn't delay it for too long... With his shrewdness, he may have already figured out some of the problems regarding The World and has grasped the relationship between "Him" and The Fool. Fortunately, I've deliberately set up The World to be Sherlock Moriarty since a long time ago, giving him the identity of a Blessed. Mr. Hanged Man can at best detect it up to this point, unable to imagine that The World is actually a dummy... Klein raised his hand to his chin, smiled, and said, "Continue."

Seeing that Mr. Fool was no longer talking about the subject, Emlyn, who had freed himself from his emotions as a messiah, began to face the difficult problems of reality.

It was his lack of money!

Regardless, he had never considered selling off his dolls. He only told himself that he needed to be frugal in the future. Only after half a year or even a year could he get himself a new doll, or he could buy a new set of clothes for the dolls he already had.

In addition, the only way he could think of making money was to sell some potions that had a miraculous effect, but that could easily bring hidden danger to his clansmen in Backlund.

This is an arrangement by the Ancestor. Logically speaking, Lord Nibbs should provide me help, but Mr. Fool wishes for me to keep it a secret, to be the messiah in the shadows who's burdened with responsibility. I'm not to reveal it of my own accord... After thinking for a few seconds, Emlyn pumped himself up, cleared his throat, and said, "Everyone, I have a question.

"Here's the matter. Suppose there's a powerhouse who has arranged for you to investigate something. Although you have successfully obtained the information, you are unable to report it to the person due to certain reasons. Then, how can you continue to get support from this powerhouse?"

Having said this, Emlyn suddenly felt that this act was somewhat shameful.

Th-this makes me appear like a traitor and a spy... No, I'm doing this for the sake of the Sanguine's continuation. For this, I have to give up my reputation and bear the burden of being misunderstood. When this is over, and when the truth is revealed, they'll be moved by me... Emlyn quickly eased his prior feelings.

At this moment, Audrey, Fors, and Derrick cast their eyes towards Alger. In their eyes, Mr. Hanged Man was the most experienced and the best teacher in this field.

Klein agreed.

Alger glanced at The Moon and chuckled.

"It's simple, but you have to take some risks."

Emlyn subconsciously denied, "It's not me!"

The Hanged Man replied with a chuckle, "Let's assume that it's you."

He continued his description.

"You will slowly display a certain level of abnormalities in your daily life, allowing that powerhouse to see that you have a problem.

"He will have two choices. One is to interrogate you directly, but it will be very easy to end up losing the lead. The second is to inadvertently provide you with help so that you can investigate more thoroughly and then send people to monitor you.

"I think the second possibility is the most likely. The risk lies in avoiding revealing the information you want to hide while under surveillance."

That works? In fact, I won't be exposed either. Every Tarot Gathering, I'll be resting in the Harvest Church, looking normal on the outside. As for the sacrifice of items and the receiving of bestowments, they're things that can be shown to Lord Nibbs and the others. It will allow them to guess that I have formed some sort of connection with Mr. Fool, but they can't imagine that I've already joined a secret gathering... Very well, while I'm studying history, I'll take the initiative to ask Baron Waymandy about the City of Silver! Emlyn's eyes lit up as he had an idea.

He then thought of something and turned to The Hanged Man.

"Last week, didn't you ask about a way to make everyone on board a ship sleep at the same time?

"It's very simple, I can provide you with a magical anesthetic gas that can effectively spread without any irritating smells. Even on the deck, one will fall unconscious once they catch a whiff of it. Of course, it's best if you choose a windless night, and that the targets be unable to sense danger, and their physiques cannot be too strong. Those Beyonders that are well known for their physiques in Sequence 9 are the limit.

"It can cause deep slumber that lasts for more than three hours. The effects will constantly decline after that.

"A hundred pounds a can, and an extra thirty pounds for me."

The Hanged Man thought about the situation of the sailors on the ghost ship and didn't haggle.

"Okay."

He wanted to erect a certain image in front of The Moon, to prepare for the big transaction that would follow. He had thought of using a Slumber Charm, but that would require him to chant the incantation. It would make the sailors notice that something was wrong and suspect something afterward.

At the end of the exchange, Klein tapped the surface of the long, mottled table with his finger, and he said with a leisurely smile, "I can foresee that everyone will present a new appearance of themselves next week.

"Let us end today's gathering here."

"Thank you for your blessings." Audrey was the first to stand up. She took her leave, expressing her gratitude.

With Mr. Fool saying those words, she felt more confident in consuming the Psychiatrist potion.

As The Magician and the others repeated the same words, one figure after another disappeared from the palace. The area above the gray fog returned to its eternal silence.

Chapter 517: City of Generosity

Backlund, Cherwood Borough.

As the crimson glow faded from her eyes, Fors saw the familiar desk and open notebook that she used to jot down her inspirations.

To her, this experience was no longer anything new, but it still evoked reverence from the bottom of her heart.

This was a power that didn't belong to humans, something that even demigods were incapable of!

I'll receive the stomach pouch of a Spirit Eater in two days. My Apprentice potion has already been digested... Finally, I'll become a Trickmaster. I wonder what Beyonder powers I'll receive... By advancing by my own abilities, Teacher will definitely place greater importance on me. Apart from potion formulas in the future, perhaps I might be provided with some Beyonder ingredients... How I look forward to that very much. I don't even know the corresponding names of Sequence 6 and 5. I only know that Sequence 7 is Astrologer. After I become a Trickmaster, I'll immediately write to Teacher... Fors felt like she was one step closer to ridding herself of the curse of the full moon.

At this moment, she heard the sound of hurried footsteps approaching. Finally, it turned into the slam of the door.

Xio is out again. She's so busy. Fors sighed silently. If not for the 400-pound debt that she owes Viscount Glaint, we would probably be vacationing at Desi Bay now.

After a long period of hard work, and thanks to the enhancement of her strength, certain tasks that were previously impossible for her to complete have become simple. Moreover, from time to time, Xio would receive small well-paid tasks from the golden-masked man. Xio had already raised her savings from 110 pounds to 320 pounds, leaving her with only 80 pounds left to pay off her debt.

In fact, I could spot her 80 pounds, but unfortunately, although she isn't tall, she still has a lot of pride in her... Fors withdrew her thoughts and thought about the matter Mr. World had entrusted her.

As a doctor and a writer, she didn't know much about radios or anything about the entire field of machinery. She didn't usually pay attention to such information when reading the newspapers, so she didn't know where she could buy the kind of transceiver The World wanted.

A department store? It probably doesn't sell one... Ah right, Aville writes science fiction, so he should know a lot about such matters. Fors quickly found the right person to consult.

However, she immediately had a new problem. Was she to visit him directly, or was she to write him a letter of inquiry?

Glancing at the chair covered in a thick, soft blanket, and smelling the fragrance of coffee and tobacco permeating the room, she felt a warmth slowly creeping through her body. Bit by bit, her motivation to leave the house crumbled.

I'm not familiar with him, so I shouldn't rashly pay him a visit. She sat down with a grunt and unfolded a piece of paper.

In the Berg household in the City of Silver.

Derrick opened his eyes and woke up from feigning sleep.

According to his original plan, he would've immediately held a sacrificial ritual to send out the stomach pouch of the Spirit Eater. However, the words of The Hanged Man reminded him to be more cautious and make more observations.

Uh... I'll gather the ingredients Mr. Hanged Man requires first, and then I'll do the sacrificial ritual all at once... Derrick remained silent for a few seconds, then he attached his Axe of Hurricane to his body and headed for the steeple.

He first checked the items available for exchanging using merit points, but he wasn't in a hurry to complete the transaction. He planned to go to the underground market to take a look once the lightning in the sky subsided.

Derrick went up to the third floor and headed straight for the library section that dealt with mythology and ancient classics, hungering for valuable information he hadn't learned yet.

Suddenly, he saw a hard and yellowed book with a cover: "Giant King's Court--Book of Blackrock, Hand-copied Edition."

It's a record passed down from the Giant King's Court? I wonder if there's anything related to the Kings of Angels... Derrick reached for the book, pulled it out, and saw that it was bound in a brown monster hide.

At that moment, on the upper level of the library, Colin Iliad was wearing a flaxen-colored linen shirt and a brown coat and standing there quietly, looking down.

His unkempt grizzled hair flailed in the breeze from the window, and his pale blue eyes were deep and reserved...

Wednesday, 12 January. 5:40 p.m.

The sky was dark and cloudy, with deep blue waves undulating across the sea.

The White Agate bobbed up and down in this storm, like a toy in the palm of a giant.

"This is the sea. No matter how powerful one is, one will appear insignificant in front of it." Danitz stood by the window and enjoyed the scenery outside. "Fortunately, we're almost at the City of Generosity."

From the moment they left Bansy Harbor, the White Agate's journey had been smooth sailing. With the help of the wind, it reached a stable speed of 15 knots. Hence, even though they arrived at Tiana Port a little later than scheduled, they completed the entire journey half a day earlier.

That is to say, the White Agate, which was scheduled to arrive at the City of Generosity on the morning of the 13th, arrived on the evening of the 12th.

Hearing Danitz's reflections, Klein just glanced up at him, then looked away and continued his contemplation.

The more he played the part of Gehrman Sparrow, and the more he had to force himself to behave in accordance with his persona, the more deeply he realized what kind of person he was. When faced with different situations, he realized that the choices he really wanted to make were different from Gehrman Sparrow's.

For example, he would've responded to Danitz by idly chatting with him about the weather at sea and the disasters caused by those terrible storms, but Gehrman Sparrow wouldn't. He had to be cold and reserved.

The more such differences arise, the better I understand myself. Klein sighed inwardly.

This was something he hadn't experienced when he moved about with his identity as the private detective, Sherlock Moriarty. Back then, he didn't have to disguise his personality and had just been himself.

I feel like I've digested my potion a little... However, Gehrman Sparrow has traits that are similar to myself. At the very least, when choosing to disembark and entering Bansy Harbor to save the others, I overlapped with this identity of mine, and there was no difference... Of course, it could also be said that I was adding a certain kind of persona into the mix. Beneath Gehrman Sparrow's gentleness and madness, he has a kind, brave, and compassionate heart that values relationships. Heh heh, I can't boast about myself. If I had known earlier that Bansy was Binsy, I-I would've most likely been terrified... Not necessarily. At the very least, the danger which was divined was within an acceptable range... Klein thought, summing things up as he engaged in self-deprecation.

This made him more aware of a problem: although playing the role of a purely fictional person could help him digest the potion, he needed to replace an existing identity to accelerate and improve his progress. He needed to gain the affirmation of people from the other person's relationships, experience the corresponding emotions of joy, anger, and sadness, and immerse himself in them without becoming obsessed.

Become anyone, but ultimately become yourself in the end? And get feedback from the people involved? Klein looked at the pale yellow carpet, his mind racing.

Seeing Gehrman Sparrow without a response, Danitz spread his hands helplessly, feeling bored out of his mind.

This crazy guy is fine in every way except that he makes me do servants' work. There's only one problem: he doesn't like to talk. It's impossible to communicate with him. If this goes on, I'll definitely go crazy... Fortunately, I'm finally at Bayam. I can finally be free! Danitz felt that he would sooner or later develop a habit of talking to himself when faced with such silence.

After a while, he saw Gehrman Sparrow look up, smile, and say, "You can tell me about the pirates' points of contact in Bayam."

... Dogshit! It's better if you don't say anything! Danitz's expression twisted.

Whoosh!

At 6:15 p.m., just before the storm arrived, the White Agate docked smoothly and arrived at the capital of the Rorsted Archipelago, Bayam, the City of Generosity.

It was also known as the Spice Archipelago, and it was home to a variety of exotic spices, with their plantations forming a mainstay of the economy.

The Blue Mountain Island, where Bayam was located, occupied more than half of the archipelago which was mostly covered in forest. It had gold, silver, copper, coal, iron, and other minerals, as well as a plentiful variety of fruits due to the particularly fertile land. For these reasons, the first batch of colonists named the seaside city they built the "City of Generosity." They believed it was a land of treasure promised by the gods, flowing with milk and honey.

Klein picked up the suitcase Danitz had packed and left Room 312, entering the corridor that led to the deck.

Without any surprises, he met Donna's family, Cleves, and others.

The two siblings were still a little afraid of Klein after the fright he gave them. They hid behind their parents and bodyguards and didn't dare to speak, appearing like deflated balloons.

Klein nodded slightly as a form of greeting.

At this moment, Urdi Branch hesitated for a second and then took a half step forward.

"Mr. Sparrow, will you be staying in Bayam?

"If I wish to hire--no, request your help, how can I contact you?"

He's indeed a businessman with a spirit of adventure. Even if he's afraid, he still wishes to befriend someone with Beyonder powers... Klein thought for a moment.

"What newspapers are in circulation over here?"

"The Sonia Morning Post and the News Report are popular in the archipelago," Urdi said without any thought.

"Put an advertisement in the Sonia Morning Post for three days in a row asking to buy Damir's special cured meat, and leave an address. I'll go look for you, and if I don't show up three days later, it means I'm at sea again." Klein was careful to give a one-way method of contact.

"Alright." Urdi exhaled and smiled.

Cleves and the others expressed their gratitude once again and left the cabin in an orderly manner.

Noticing the gangway in sight, Donna suddenly slowed her pace and stepped back next to Klein, raised her face, and bit her lip.

"Uncle Sparrow, s-since that kind of power definitely brings about threats and madness, w-why did you choose to have it?"

She had thought about this question for a long time before finally mustering the courage to ask.

Klein was startled, and he instinctively formed a smile.

"For my dream."

Then he lowered his voice and added two words: "And... to protect."

Protect... Donna mumbled the word in a slightly lost voice, picked up her pace, and caught up with her parents.

After watching the Branch family leave the White Agate, Klein retracted his gaze and said to Danitz, "You're free."

Ah? For a moment, Danitz wasn't used to it.

Chapter 518: On the Brink of Death

Without another word or another glance at Danitz, Klein pressed down his top hat and carried his suitcase down the gangway.

Are you really going to let me go? Blazing Danitz stood on the deck, his face filled with suspicion.

Although he had expected such an outcome after Gehrman Sparrow had directly let him go in Damir Harbor, allowing him to imagine today's scene, he still couldn't believe it. He felt that he had regained his freedom far too simply and easily.

Regardless, I'm worth 3,000 pounds. No, this is the bounty offered only by Loen! Isn't this madman, Gehrman Sparrow, an adventurer? How can he let go of a huge amount of wealth in front of him? It's incomprehensible... Heh, it's true that normal people can't understand the mindset of lunatics... Danitz gradually snapped back to his senses. With his luggage in hand, he carefully descended the gangway and stepped onto the concrete ground of the dock.

He straightened his back, lifted his head, and gave Gehrman Sparrow's back a glance. He realized that he really wasn't turning back and was following the path straight for Coastal Street.

Danitz didn't dare delay a second longer. He immediately turned around and left through another path, occasionally changing directions and using obstacles to look back, in order to ensure that he wasn't followed.

Soon, he arrived at a row of houses near the warehouse at the dock.

Gehrman Sparrow really didn't use me as bait... After triple-checking, Danitz finally relaxed completely.

At this moment, he finally felt liberated. As the dignified boatswain of a Pirate Admiral, he no longer had to be bullied and ordered around like a servant!

I can already foresee that tomorrow will be incomparably beautiful. There will be a group of people vying to flatter me, wanting to become my servants! Danitz knocked happily on the door--three long and three short--rhythmically.

Hehe, Gehrman Sparrow asked me to give him the pirates' points of contact in Bayam. I obviously only told him the ones that don't have a good relationship with us. There's no way he could guess that our Golden Dream point of contact is right at the dock... Danitz picked at his nose and breathed in the fresh sea breeze before the approaching storm.

Bayam was a pivotal location of the Loen Kingdom's Central Sonia Sea colonies. It was one of the largest cities in the region. There were many powerful official Beyonders, and no matter how rampant the pirates were, they didn't dare to openly show their faces here. Most of the time, they had to rely on the local gangs or people with backgrounds to handle the loot and purchase any necessities.

Of course, this didn't mean that they wouldn't come to Bayam. The Red Theater here was the most famous brothel in the surrounding seas, and countless pirates came to patronize this famous place. Even if one or two of their peers were caught every once in a while, it didn't stop them from rushing over.

In addition to the spice trade, the brothel industry was another major pillar of the Rorsted Archipelago. Apart from the Red Theater, there were many big or small brothels, out in the open or hidden all over the place. They fully satisfied the desires of the seamen with ample energy. As for the female pirates, they didn't have to worry about this problem. As long as they were willing, they could always be satisfied. After all, there was more demand than supply. At sea, where faith in the Lord of Storms was mainstream, there had always been few females.

Similarly, the underground trade related to Beyonder ingredients and mysticism was quite frequent here, and there were many circles.

Those smaller ports are still better. We don't have to be afraid of being discovered at all, and we can just openly sit in a bar, engage in disputes with adventurers, and even fight them. As long as we don't cause any trouble or cause any deaths, the local official Beyonders will turn a blind eye. Heh, with their strength, they typically have to take on tremendous risks if they wish to interfere... Danitz thought mockingly.

At that moment, he heard footsteps and saw the door creak open. A familiar face entered his sight.

"Old man, did you not drink today?" Danitz smiled and greeted.

Standing at the door was one of the Golden Dream's contacts in the Rorsted Archipelago, Old Rinn.

Old Rinn coughed twice and made way.

Danitz stepped into the dim room, his nose twitching suddenly.

He caught a whiff of Lanti Proof.

No, Old Rinn likes to drink locally produced Bayam Black Rand! As this thought flashed through his mind, Danitz was terrified.

Immediately following that, he saw a man with his back to him rise to his feet. He was tall, dark, and muscular, and his hair was curled like marbles.

"Steel" Maveti! Danitz's pupils contracted sharply.

This was the second mate of the Admiral of Blood, a great pirate with a bounty of 6,000 pounds!

Waves of the sea breeze blew, swaying the thin, sharp leaves of the tree in a precarious manner.

Klein was walking along Coastal Street at an unhurried pace. In contrast, the people around him were hurrying and walking quickly.

His spiritual intuition told him that it would take some time before the storm would arrive, and that he had plenty of time to find a hotel.

Whoosh!

The sound of the wind grew louder and louder. Tree branches fell to the ground, and there weren't many people left on the street.

Klein was about to turn into another alley when he heard the sound of hasty but disorderly running.

Tap! Tap! Tap!

Danitz was running with all his might, but the scene in front of him began to rock.

He felt an abnormal pain from his wound as he felt his vitality rapidly draining away. His Spirit Body had partially left his body, approaching the legendary Underworld. As for the surrounding sounds, he could only vaguely hear them, and everything in his line of sight looked like it wasn't real.

If it wasn't for having Shadow Cloak, the ambush would've killed him. But even so, he was still severely injured and could die on the streets at any moment.

He was forced to run towards Coastal Street because of his will to warn the captain that their point of contact had been compromised by the Admiral of Blood, as well as the glimmer of hope brought by that crazy but powerful figure.

If it's him, then he would definitely be able to escape from the hands of "Steel" Maveti's henchmen... Danitz began to stagger, and his body gradually grew cold.

Just as he was about to collapse, he saw Gehrman Sparrow standing by a street corner. His refined face that hid madness looked remarkably kind at that moment.

Plop!

Danitz fell on his back, his hands hanging limply over his chest, revealing a hideous, gaping wound that exposed his organs.

"Tell Captain that Old Rinn has been discovered. Steel Maveti did it for that treasure!" Danitz saw Gehrman Sparrow kneel to his side as he hurriedly spoke.

Klein recalled the bounty offered for Steel Maveti and asked in return, "Admiral of Blood?"

"Yes, tell Captain! T-tell Captain!" Danitz gasped as he said.

After saying all that, he revealed a mournful smile.

"Don't worry about me. I'm a-about to die soon.

"Tell the Captain that all the money I've saved up has been turned into real estate. Units 12 to 16 on Bayam's Amyris Avenue. The title deeds a-are hidden in the wall of Unit 13's basement. H- help me sell them. T-take the money to South Intis's Elema Town. G-give the money to my parents. S-say that I've really made a fortune..."

Danitz paused, then he said with great difficulty, "S-say that I've become an out-outstanding adventurer.

"Also... Help me s-say I'm sorry..."

His eyes suddenly became moist, as if he was recalling that rebellious youth from back then.

I'm sorry, Old Man, Mother. I'm unable to return home... Danitz's vision darkened, and he felt that his life was coming to an end.

It was at this moment that he saw Gehrman Sparrow reach out and press his hand to his wound and then swipe it.

Danitz's sorrow came to a sudden halt as he felt the already numb pain in his chest and abdomen suddenly disappear as his left hand seemed to suffer a fracture.

He looked at Klein blankly, and Klein looked back at him quietly. None of them spoke for two seconds.

Finally, he looked down in astonishment and discovered that his lethal wound had strangely healed. His left arm was badly mutilated, and even his bones protruded.

I'm fine now? Danitz blinked, still immersed in the sadness and frustration of his brush with death.

"Why didn't you treat me sooner?" he asked blankly.

Klein looked back at the empty area on the other side of Coastal Street and said in a calm tone, "Waiting for you to finish.

"That's basic courtesy.

Courtesy, you son of a bitch! I was really saying my last words! With a sudden jerk of his back, Danitz rolled to his feet.

He warily looked towards the dock, where a thick cloud of smoke was rising. It was none other than the result of the battle he had just been engaged in.

Because the house was set on fire by me, Steel Maveti was afraid that it would catch the attention of the official Beyonders. That shadow confused him, and he didn't chase after me... Danitz instantly understood the sequence of events.

"Let's find a place to stay first." Klein spread his hands and caught a drop of rain.

Not knowing whether or not he had completely escaped danger, Danitz immediately nodded.

"Okay."

I can tell that this madman, Gehrman Sparrow, isn't afraid of Steel Maveti at all. He's not even afraid of Admiral of Blood... At such times, I especially admire his craziness... Damn, I exposed my wealth to him. Danitz had just exhaled when his body froze.

Klein walked silently ahead with his suitcase and cane with a single thought echoing in his head.

Goddammit, a pirate is richer than I am...

Empress Borough.

Audrey, who was about to leave Backlund, hid in her chemistry laboratory and concocted the Psychiatrist potion with the ingredients she received from Mr. Vampire--the fruit of the Tree of Elders, the blood of a Mirror Dragon--and the other ingredients she had collected previously.

This time, she didn't get Susie to guard the door. Instead, she was to sit inside and observe the whole process from the sidelines. Earl Hall had already instructed everyone to not approach the young lady during her experiments, but they had to pay attention to any unusual changes.

Phew... Audrey let out a small sigh of relief, pouring the completed potion into a prepared glass bottle.

The slightly golden liquid rippled like a deformed, gigantic pupil. Its gaze seemed to peer straight into the heart of anyone who looked at it.

"Susie, did you remember the process? You are mature--no, you are a mature Beyonder. In the future, you'll have to learn how to concoct your own potion. No, it isn't that I won't help you; I'm only pointing out a possibility. Sometimes, I might not be by your side, and you just happen to need a potion," Audrey said happily to the huge golden retriever.

Susie was so confused by the lesson that she could only open her mouth and reply with a single word: "Woof!"

Converging her emotions, Audrey raised her head and downed the Psychiatrist potion bottle.

Chapter 519: Naming

The golden liquid was cool and refreshing, making Audrey feel like delicious ice cream. She then took a sip of champagne. Tiny bubbles of air continuously rose, silently bursting as they brought a tingling sensation with them.

Suddenly, her sense of hearing reached out, and she could hear the conversation of the two maids at the end of the corridor as they lamented that they had no chance of going to the Hall family's castle and manor in East Chester County.

At this moment, Audrey felt as if she had dissolved into an illusory gas and was rapidly expanding. It filled the entire room, overlapping with the sea of collective consciousness.

Her vision also changed. Everything she saw was abnormally smooth, turning into a mirror that reflected her current appearance.

Golden scales slowly spread across her exposed skin. Her face remained pure, exquisite, stately, and intelligent, but her emerald-green irises contracted, took on a faint golden hue, and seemed to turn vertical.

Audrey suddenly felt fear from the bottom of her heart when she saw herself like this. She didn't want or wish to become an inhuman monster!

With a hum, her mind began to turn into a blur, as if something was slowly and painfully drilling out from the surface of her body.

Just then, she heard the gentle voice of her huge golden retriever, Susie.

"Don't be afraid, calm down.

"Don't be afraid, calm down."

Audrey recovered her thoughts and tried to get herself into a Spectator state.

Her undulating emotions quickly calmed down, and her spirit seemed to leave her body. She then looked down at herself like a Spectator.

Audrey saw the golden scales on the surface of her body visibly recede and her emerald-like eyes return to normal.

It didn't take her long to regain control of her body and understand what Beyonder powers were available to a Psychiatrist and how they were used.

I-it was so dangerous just now... Audrey raised her hand in fear. Her skin was fair and delicate, completely unlike the abnormal condition she had been in a moment ago.

After this incident, she truly understood how terrifying the danger of losing control which Mr. Fool would occasionally bring up was. She gained a deep understanding of how difficult it was to go down the Beyonder path.

Even with the acting method, it was impossible to completely remove the latent risks!

At one gathering, Mr. World said that Beyonders are a bunch of miserable wretches that are constantly fighting against threats and madness... Previously, I could only understand it literally. Now, I can finally feel the weight behind this sentence... Audrey, don't be discouraged, don't be afraid. Father, Mother, and Brother are still waiting for your protection. With this experience, you won't be frightened by yourself in the future or so easily lose control. You can do it! Audrey clenched her fists and encouraged herself.

She calmed down for two seconds, walked up to Susie, squatted down, and hugged the golden retriever. As she combed its fur, she put her head against the side of the dog's face and muttered in its warmth, "Thank you, thank you..."

Susie rubbed against her twice and asked seriously, "Audrey, is this what it feels like to be a Psychiatrist?

"I like it very much."

"..." Audrey was suddenly at a loss as to whether to laugh or cry. She immediately pursed her lips and promised, "Susie, we'll treat each other in the future. Yes, psychological problems!"

"Okay, Woof!" Susie answered happily.

Only after Audrey had fully recovered was she in the mood to examine her own advancement.

My body seems to have become healthier. Although I don't have any obvious muscles, my strength and speed have become much stronger than before...

My eyesight has also improved. I can even clearly see items hidden in the dark...

My sense of smell can distinguish even subtler scents, allowing me to grasp a target's truest emotions and thoughts...

I finally have Beyonder powers in the truest sense of the word. Yes, there's also Awe. I can target a single person or apply it to a group of people within a certain range. They'll instantly panic and turn chaotic as though they're facing a dragon.

Another is Frenzy. It will trigger the emotions and mental state of a target, throwing the target into a frenzy. They'll suffer intense psychological damage and might even directly lose control at times.

Another is Psychological Cue. Through specific methods, words, and a medium, I can plant a cue in a target, letting them abide by my arrangements without them realizing it. Or they might feel compelled to honor a particular promise from the bottom of their hearts.

Another is Placate, also known as Psychoanalysis. I can help Beyonders on the brink of losing control to regain their reason and escape danger. There's a certain chance of failure. The higher my Sequence, the more easily it will succeed. It can calm down various psychological instabilities and allow for communication.

Another is Telepathy. Through mediums like candlelight and extracts, it will put the target in a partially hypnotic state. I'll then be able to directly communicate with their Body of Heart and Mind, just like what Hilbert Alucard did to me. If not for the protection provided by Mr. Fool's angel, then I wouldn't have the means to lie under such situations. Yes... I have to be on guard against such techniques. I can't be fooled by a target, and there should be quite a number of means to achieve this effect...

With Placate and Telepathy, together with a knowledge of psychology, I'll be able to act as a true psychiatrist, the kind that can open a clinic!

Audrey's mood rapidly improved. She finally had the feeling that she had matured and become a qualified Beyonder.

I'm a Mid-Sequence Beyonder! There really is a qualitative change! She stood up, lifted her skirt, and walked briskly around in a circle.

She quickly discovered that she was still lacking in direct offensive abilities as a Psychiatrist.

Fortunately, I have this... Audrey stopped in front of the laboratory table and opened a plain brown box.

Inside the box was a silver mask that could only cover half a face. It was the mystical item that The Hanged Man had sold her.

Audrey picked it up, placed it in her palm, and observed it for a few seconds.

Then, she extended her spirituality and projected her thoughts just as she did above the gray fog.

She saw the silver mask begin to warp inwards, turning into a slightly oversized, hollow earring with a delicate pattern.

"It might be better to turn it into a necklace," Audrey whispered.

Afterward, she tried out the various abilities of this magical item. She was most satisfied with her ability to fine-tune her appearance.

It's a pity that other than Flame Controlling, it doesn't have any other direct offensive powers. Perhaps I'll need to prepare a revolver, one that has Beyonder effects... Audrey thought with some regret.

She quickly collected her emotions and said to the mystical item in her hand, her voice lifting at the end, "From today, your name is Lie. The most beautiful lie~"

City of Generosity, Bayam. 48 Acid Lemon Street, Wind of Azure Inn.

It was raining heavily outside and the wind was raging, but inside the luxurious suite, the fireplace was warm and the atmosphere peaceful.

Klein sat in his chair and watched silently as Blazing Danitz dealt with the severe fracture on his left arm.

He waited until Danitz was finished binding up his arm with shredded, old clothes before asking bluntly, "What treasure?"

According to Danitz, it was because of some treasure that Admiral of Blood Senor wanted to deal with Vice Admiral Edwina Edwards.

The sound of wind and rain came through the window. Danitz took a sip of the Lanti Proof on the table and then gave a bitter, angry laugh.

"Those assholes who had their brains eaten by zombies!

"On our last expedition, we found a sunken ship. Although we didn't find anything of great value, we discovered a gigantic black iron key that doesn't look like the kind used by humans. Can you imagine? After being submerged under the sea for so many years, it hasn't rusted at all."

"Yes," Klein replied in a concise manner.

In a world where extraordinariness and mystery intertwined, what wasn't possible?

There were people who could be resurrected from the dead, not to mention others!

Danitz choked and paused for seven or eight seconds before finding the words to continue.

"Perhaps there's a traitor among us, and the news has spread. Countless pirates believe that this is Death's Key, a key that can open the treasure trove Death left behind.

"I thought that this problem would be cleared up very quickly and happily applied for a vacation. In the end, the matter became more complicated. Even Admiral of Blood has joined the ranks of these mad pirates. I'm even beginning to suspect that it's Death's Key, a key that can turn one into a true god."

"Foolish." Klein calmly gave his evaluation.

Whether it was in the divination domain or dealing with deities, he could be considered experienced. Thus, he had his own understanding and confidence in the interpretation of Death's Key.

He believed that the "key" was a form of revelation, a symbol. The thing that opened Death's treasure trove was probably not in the shape of a key, but some kind of characteristic, bloodline, or even certain specific people and their descendants.

Danitz was startled for two seconds, and then he exclaimed, "Your words are exactly the same as Captain's previous comments, and even your expressions are very similar.

"She suspects that the key belongs to an older era, an era not of humans.

"Before the Cataclysm, this world was still full of giants, dragons, elves, and demonic wolves. The shape of the key indirectly points to one of them."

Demonic wolves... Klein suddenly recalled the ravings he often heard during his past advancements. In it, the "Flegrea" he heard referred to the ancient god, Annihilation Demonic Wolf.

A treasure that involves the Second Epoch? He suppressed his curiosity and said calmly, "Write down everything that Admiral of Blood has done, including Steel Maveti and his men."

He remembered that Admiral of Blood and his pirate crew were among the most notorious groups on the ocean. Their hands were stained with blood as they committed heinous sins.

"How can I remember? They aren't beauties like Captain!" Danitz threw up his hands. "I can only list the most important things and some of the details that have left an impression on me. Wait, what do you want to do?"

Bit by bit, Klein revealed a smile, one that gave Danitz a fright.

He said in a deep voice, "If it's appropriate, I want to hunt them."

Chapter 520: Admiral of Blood

"Hunt them?" Danitz asked subconsciously.

When he truly understood the meaning behind Gehrman Sparrow's words, he instantly became excited. He shifted in his seat and lowered his voice.

"Is there anything I can help you with?"

As a qualified, part-time pirate, he had nothing to do with beautiful words such as tolerance, compassion, and love. Since he had nearly died at the hands of Steel Maveti and now had the chance to take revenge, he definitely wouldn't miss it!

He believed that he could survive in the pirate industry by relying on an accurate grasp of the situation: knowing when to resist, when to fight for his life, when to feign ignorance when seeing his enemies, and when to settle old scores.

And now, this was an opportunity!

Danitz still couldn't make an accurate judgment on how powerful Gehrman Sparrow was, but judging from how he had taken care of the fallen Bishop Millet within ten seconds, it was unlikely that it would be too difficult for him to deal with Steel Maveti. Even if he encountered the Admiral of Blood, Senor, it wasn't impossible for him to win.

Of course, this is in a one-on-one situation, and pirates never talk about chivalry... Danitz thought to himself.

Klein leaned forward a little, placed his elbows on his knees, and clasped his hands.

"I've told you."

Ah? What? Danitz felt that he was often unable to keep up with Gehrman Sparrow's train of thought.

Regarding this, he could only console himself that a normal person and a madman were different.

Seeing that the other party had stopped talking, he thought for a while and finally remembered what he had to do.

Write down everything that Admiral of Blood and his pirate crew had done!

Hmm... Gehrman Sparrow definitely wants to know how many things they've plundered... Danitz quickly gathered his thoughts, rummaged around the room for a pen and paper, and scribbled a chunk of text.

During this process, he was exceptionally glad that it was his left arm that was injured.

When he was done writing, Klein reached out for it, read it carefully, and confirmed from the undetailed parts of Danitz's description that Admiral of Blood was the most typical and vile of pirates. Not only did they plunder, but they also abducted people, slaughtered crew members, and abused women.

A pirate like Danitz actually knows how to write in Ancient Feysac...

He's also been educated... After muttering to himself, Klein took out a copper penny and used divination to confirm the authenticity of the material.

Then he said in a tone as though he was giving instructions on what to eat for breakfast the next morning, "Tell me about the Admiral of Blood and his men."

He needs more detailed information... Is he preparing to hunt them? Danitz was delighted, hating himself for not knowing enough.

"Admiral of Blood Senor is suspected to be an evil spirit. Anyone who has encountered him has died a bizarre death. Either they strangle themselves to death, blow their mouths up, hug bombs, or slaughter their companions. Captain said that it's the possession of an evil spirit."

It's very similar to Miss Sharron's Beyonder powers... Wraith? Klein didn't speak as he listened to Danitz go on, in silence.

"Senor can make a terrible shriek. The last time I fought them, I was nearly knocked unconscious and fell off the deck and into the sea. Heh heh, I returned the favor and set one of their boats on fire.

"Senor knows a lot of undead magic. Cruel, bloodthirsty, and full of desire. His targets can be either male or female, and even humanoid creatures."

Consistent with the indulgent philosophy of the Rose School of Thought. Yes, more precisely, it's a trait of the Prisoner pathway... He is most likely a Wraith... Klein nodded thoughtfully.

In response, Danitz became more active and spoke faster.

"Our Captain thinks that Senor has a very powerful mystical item on him, one that makes him very lucky. He always seems to gain the favor of the gods. For example, at a critical moment, his opponent would suddenly slip or have their powers fail. Another example is winning twenty-one bets in a row."

A mystical item that can make someone lucky? This is very rare... It's from the Monster pathway? Or is it connected to some other evil spirit? Klein guessed based on his own knowledge of mysticism.

"I've never directly fought Senor, so that's all I know." Danitz wanted to throw his hands up, but he was stopped by the pain in his left arm. "He has about seven or eight ships. His flagship is the Tree of Flesh and Blood. Heh heh, that's different from us. We mainly seek out treasure and wouldn't take in anyone. Therefore, we only have the Golden Dream."

It's no wonder the Admiral of Blood's bounty is much higher than Vice Admiral Iceberg, reaching 42,000 pounds... In terms of strength, he should be a bit stronger... Klein immediately gained an understanding.

He maintained the same posture as before, seemingly unaffected by the intelligence regarding the Admiral of Blood.

"What about his subordinates?"

Danitz had long been prepared and immediately said, "Senor has ten top subordinates: the first, second, and third mates of the flagship, as well as the captain of each ship...

"Steel Maveti is the second mate of the flagship. We think that he's a Sequence 6. His body is like steel and is able to withstand bullets and cannonballs. He isn't afraid of fire, drowning, or various kinds of magic. He's strong and fast. He can rip his opponent apart, and he commands a certain level of undead-related spells. He can summon zombies and control puppets..."

Zombie? Klein immediately thought of Maric who played cards with zombies.

Based on the Wraith traits of Admiral of Blood Senor, can it be assumed that these pirates are actually part of the outer circle of the Rose School of Thought, or perhaps they're from an organization used to make money? It's a pity that I don't have a messenger, nor did I ask Miss Sharron if she had one. Otherwise, I could contact her and confirm the Admiral of Blood's identity... Klein guessed with some regret.

He didn't give up just because this matter might involve the Rose School of Thought. In any case, he could change his face and identity afterwards. In addition, he had involved himself with the Aurora Order, the Demoness Sect, Rose Redemption, and Twilight Hermit Order, so he wasn't afraid of offending another entity.

Actually, it's not like I've never fought against the Rose School of Thought. I've already killed a Wraith, a Zombie, and another Wraith, and I've robbed the Scarlet Lunar Corona and Biological Poison Bottle... Klein suddenly realized how much trouble he had been involved in.

"It's unlikely that Maveti has any particularly powerful mystical items; otherwise, I might not have been able to escape before," Danitz said, feeling somewhat relieved at his luck. "He has a bunch of puppets and zombies by his side, as well as several subordinates at Sequence 7 or 8. As the second mate of the flagship, he should be the leader of the crew in the vicinity since he's here. We can consider hunting him first."

Below the high Sequences, once the number of Beyonders reaches a certain amount, a qualitative change will occur. With the combination of different abilities, it's possible for a group to defeat a Beyonder stronger than themselves. It's just like how a Nighthawks team can definitely take down a Sequence 6, or even a Sequence 5... Klein didn't underestimate Steel Maveti and his men just because he was stronger with Creeping Hunger. He was still as cautious as before.

I have to plan and prepare well. Well, the frequency bands and passcodes I received from White Shark will come in handy, and once Miss Magician's radio transceiver is delivered, I'll get Danitz to frequently monitor the frequency and see if we can glean any information, allowing me to go in quickly to reap the harvest... And I can take advantage of this period to explore the possibility of true acting... Soon, Klein formulated a plan as he continued to listen to Danitz tell him about the rest of Admiral of Blood's subordinates.

After a while, when Danitz was finally done, he summarized enthusiastically, "If Steel Maveti is killed and my name is left behind, this will definitely make the papers. Once the news spreads, I no longer need to worry about informing Captain!"

He was afraid that a traitor was among their ranks and that all the points of contact in the Rorsted Archipelago were under the enemy's control. Therefore, he didn't dare to rashly make contact. He was still vexed over the problem of alerting his captain.

He actually has a brain... Klein nodded and said, "You're in charge of gathering information on all aspects of Steel."

"Alright!" Danitz replied with a grim smile, thinking of the punch that had nearly pierced his heart in the evening.

Klein slowly stood up and walked towards the window. It was dark outside with howling winds and pouring rain. It looked as if the end of the world had arrived.

Thinking of what he was going to do next, he couldn't help but feel like he was acting in a certain sense. Smiling, he muttered to himself in a low voice, "Tonight, Gehrman joins the hunt."

City of Generosity, Bayam, in the Cathedral of Waves.

Alger Wilson, who had received the Sanguine's anesthetic gas, was about to sail out to sea for another of the Wind-blessed's main ingredients, when he was summoned by the local diocese bishop.

"There have been rumors recently that Vice Admiral Iceberg received Death's Key. All the pirates in the Sonia Sea are roused by this," the bishop said in a heavy voice. "Investigate this matter."

He was an old man with a full head of white hair, but he was still as energetic as ever. His speech was even faster than a young man's, as though he could charge out at any moment and personally resolve all problems.

His body was strong, his muscles bulging beneath his bishop's robe. The wind howled around him as he breathed, and the air was moist.

There are similar rumors every year, but they all end up being fake... Such rumors are commonly spread across the sea... Even if it's true, I don't have the right to be involved. There's no need to take the risk. I'll just go through the motions and skirt the edge of this matter... Alger muttered inwardly.

He solemnly clenched his fist and struck his left breast.

"Yes, Your Excellency!

"May the Storm be with you!"

Diocese Bishop Chogo was very pleased with Alger's attitude and returned the same salute.

"May the Storm be with you!"

The encouraged Alger Wilson quickly left the cathedral and returned to the square outside.

The storm last night had subsided, and only the scattered leaves and puddles on the ground remained as evidence of its passage.

After taking a breath of the fresh, rain-washed air, Alger decided to visit the few places where pirates roamed. He planned to put on a show of working hard by seeking out information.

If he were to meet a fellow with a bounty of a few hundred pounds, he wouldn't mind apprehending the poor bastard. In his opinion, they were ready cash that could be added to his savings.

Chapter 521: Bold Assumption

On the ocean, pirates were known for three favorite pursuits--liquor, women, and gambling. Alger Wilson merely took out his silver pocket watch, flipped it open, and knew where he should go first.

At a quarter past eleven, the brothels and bars hadn't opened yet. Only the gambling dens would already have drawn crowds eager to make a fortune.

Alger was more familiar with this port city than with his tiny hometown. Without pausing, he navigated the streets, smoothly turning at every corner until he arrived outside a casino in a secluded alley.

As far as he knew, the owner of this casino was a gang leader with powerful backing. He had an obscure connection to an important figure in the governor-general's office. The casino was the first choice for many pirates looking to buy and sell stolen goods.

Because of this, pirates often appeared here. They might exchange their loot for gold pounds in the morning, only to lose everything at night and be thrown out.

Alger pulled his thick brown coat tighter, pressed down his cap--a fashionable accessory from the mainland--and pushed open the half-closed door. Under the watchful eyes of the bouncers, he entered the casino.

Casinos were prohibited within the Loen Kingdom. They could only exist as rooms attached to bars, but in the kingdom's vast overseas colonies, they were not only legal but also a major industry. Among them, Bayam in the Rorsted Archipelago and Alethe in East Balam were the most famous. Many tycoons would make special trips from Backlund or the coast of Midseashire for a grand day of gambling.

Surveying the area, Alger saw a variety of card games, as well as roulette games derived from dice.

As it was still early, there weren't many gamblers, and Alger quickly "scanned" them all.

Suddenly, his eyes lit up, and he instantly recognized the identity of someone in disguise.

He took off his hat, walked up to a Texas Hold'em table, and patted his target on the shoulder. Bending down, he whispered into the man's ear, "Blazing."

Danitz happened to be lifting the corner of his card with his right hand, so the slap nearly made him jump out of his skin and send a fireball at the fellow behind him.

After being attacked by Steel Maveti, he knew he shouldn't seek information in his true appearance, or he might be targeted by greedy pirates.

Although most pirates weren't strong enough to pose a threat to Danitz, he still didn't wish to expose himself, lest it set back the plan to hunt Steel Maveti.

To his surprise, however, the disguise he had taken such pains to put on was exposed just an hour after he left home.

He quickly turned his head and glanced from the corner of his eye at the person who had "greeted" him.

When he saw the distinctive seaweed-like dark blue hair, Danitz relaxed slightly and turned to see whether the other players had heard the greeting.

The gamblers were all carefully studying their hole cards, either folding or staying in the game. None of them paid any attention to what was happening beside him.

"Why are you here?" Danitz asked casually.

He and Alger had met at the previous private gathering, and he knew that the other man had a ghost ship and a dozen sailors. He was a rather formidable yet obscure fellow.

According to Vice Admiral Iceberg's judgment, if such a small and weak pirate crew could retain an ancient ghost ship, it meant they were backed by a powerful faction. Perhaps they were members of the Church of Storms, or perhaps they were connected to a particular Pirate King or secret organization. They usually disguised themselves as ordinary pirates and gathered information for those to whom they were truly loyal. At scheduled intervals, they could easily erase their tracks, and from time to time, they would handle matters inconvenient for the power backing them, such as silencing others or plundering certain special items.

There were quite a few pirate crews like this, and no one paid them particular attention.

Alger pulled over a nearby chair and sat down. Tilting his head, he asked in a low voice, "I heard your captain obtained Death's Key?"

Danitz snorted with laughter.

"I thought you had a brain, but you've disappointed me.

"How could such a thing be so easily obtained?

"We'll definitely sell it to you if you want it and offer a decent price!

"How about it? Do you want to consider the deal?"

Alger said casually, "Perhaps it has other secrets. Maybe someone wants to deal with your captain."

"Who knows? Dogshit!" Annoyed by his new hand, Danitz cursed aloud.

Then he lowered his voice and said, "That thing doesn't look like a human creation. It might belong to giants or devils."

"A creation? Your captain is still making all of you attend language classes?" Alger asked in amusement.

Rumor had it that Vice Admiral Iceberg was a woman who was very strict when it came to knowledge. She couldn't stand the sight of a bunch of illiterates under her command, so every day aboard the Golden Dream, there were general-knowledge and reading classes, and every day she forced the crew to take turns attending them.

Wishing he could forget it, Danitz said, "It's much harder than fighting!

"Because of this, we're usually unable to recruit enough crew members. Every time we dock at a port to resupply, people resign..."

He didn't continue the topic. Looking at the dealer, he said as though to himself, "Help me keep an eye out for Steel's whereabouts."

"Steel Maveti? Admiral of Blood's second mate?" Alger looked down at Blazing's left arm, which was slightly propped up by a splint, and asked, "Were you attacked?

"For the key?"

"His brain has already been eaten by his zombies!" Danitz emphasized.

"You want revenge on him?" Alger guessed from the other man's tone and request.

"Heh heh." Danitz smiled without replying, appearing focused on his new hole card.

Alger thought for a moment before saying, "The last time your captain appeared was seven days ago, near Sonia Island. That was confirmed by telegram. The Golden Dream couldn't reach Bayam so quickly.

"Do you have a new helper? If it's just you, you aren't a match for Steel even if he's alone. And as you know, he's always attended by a crowd."

Danitz's response to Alger's question was to toss out a chip.

"Call!"

"Who is it?" Alger first took Danitz's attitude as tacit confirmation. Since asking carried no risk, he pinned his hopes on the question.

Danitz stared at the exposed cards and answered simply, "You wouldn't know him."

I wouldn't know him? Someone strong enough to deal with Steel Maveti should possess at least a little fame at sea, regardless of whether he's a pirate or an adventurer... Unless he belongs to a particular secret organization, or this is his first time traveling the seas. Of course, it's also possible that Danitz doesn't wish to answer for fear of exposing a secret. That's the most probable explanation... Someone belonging to a particular organization, traveling the seas for the first time, with the strength to deal with Steel Maveti... Alger looked up slightly as a bold conjecture suddenly occurred to him.

He tapped the edge of the table and asked as though chatting about the weather, "Was Bansy Harbor fun?"

He emphasized the word "fun."

Danitz turned his head in surprise and blurted out, "How did you know?"

He believed that, given the Church of Storms' style, it was impossible for them to air their dirty laundry. Furthermore, the passengers of the White Agate had only arrived the previous night. Everyone who had witnessed the events had signed confidentiality agreements, so how could the news have spread so quickly?

Alger smiled without answering.

At that moment, he understood the value of Emperor Roselle's words: Boldly hypothesize and carefully verify!

Danitz put away his winnings and muttered, "It was no big deal. There was a revival of certain ancient customs that led to the fall of a Storm bishop."

As expected... Alger chuckled and said, "I'll help you keep an eye out for Steel.

"But how can I contact you?"

"Hmm... 15 Amyris Avenue is an unoccupied house. Write the information on a piece of paper and throw it inside," Danitz answered hesitantly.

Alger nodded and stood, patting Blazing Danitz on the shoulder.

"Don't forget my payment."

He turned and walked toward the door.

Watching the captain of the ghost ship depart, Danitz couldn't help but grumble.

"This fellow isn't bad.

"However, I have to leave this place too."

He couldn't quite trust Alger. Perhaps, in a few minutes, he might return at the head of Steel Maveti and his pirates.

After leaving the casino, Alger, who wore a pair of local baggy pantaloons, strolled down the street. He entered a department store, found a counter, and took out a handful of bronze pennies with a smile.

"Give me a deck of tarot cards."

As he waited, he leisurely considered a question:

What is Mr. Fool's Blessed doing right now?

At Old John's Restaurant.

Klein watched as the waiter placed a plate of grilled fish before him. It was wrapped in something resembling straw and covered with all manner of spices, some of which he didn't recognize.

The rich aroma wafted into Klein's nose and made his mouth water.

As expected of the Spice Archipelago... Klein was about to pick up his knife and fork when he saw the waiter place two objects resembling twigs on his plate.

Chopsticks? Klein was stunned.

Then he quickly identified the suspect: Roselle Gustav!

"This is the kind of cutlery you have to use when eating grilled stickleback. It's said that Emperor Roselle drew inspiration from elven customs," the waiter explained.

Elven customs? They are indeed a race fond of cooking and eating delicacies... Or rather, that's merely an excuse Roselle came up with... Klein guessed, largely based on his understanding of that particular person's character.

That morning, he had visited several church hospitals in Bayam to provide hospice care to dying patients, help them fulfill their last wishes, and engage in a deeper level of acting, but he had failed to find a suitable target.

It wasn't that no one died in the hospitals. Rather, they all had relatives who either accompanied them or had witnessed their deaths. Apart from frightening people, there was no possibility of disguising himself as the deceased.

I'll head to a bar where adventurers gather. There should be plenty of foreigners who, in pursuit of wealth at sea, might die in some dark corner like stray dogs while their families never hear from them again... Klein suppressed his thoughts and focused on the delicious food.

Chapter 522: Colony

The quality of the stickleback's meat certainly wasn't as good as murloc meat, but the spices worked together to form distinct layers of flavor that delighted Klein. After the first bite, he simply couldn't stop eating.

Actually, there are local Beyonders who wish to leave this dangerous circle and lead normal lives. They could easily go to Backlund and open a Rorsted restaurant, with grilled fish as their specialty. Given the city's receptiveness to different things, business definitely wouldn't be bad. The only problem is that many spices aren't as cheap there as they are here. The costs would be very high, and they'd need to choose a location suited to their target clientele... Klein put down his rather crude chopsticks and wiped his mouth with a napkin, allowing his thoughts to wander.

In his view, commoners were unable to find ways to become rich largely because their horizons weren't broad enough. Yet one's horizons were also limited by one's education and daily experiences. Constrained by social class, it was truly difficult to escape and break through those limitations. The most effective solution was to strive for a higher level of education, while the second was to take risks and venture forth. Of course, the risks were enormous, and many people vanished without a sound while walking that path.

Klein spent 2 soli and 5 pence on the meal. It wasn't cheap, but he had always been willing to spend money on good food. Besides, Danitz had recently been covering most of his expenses.

Tugging at his collar, putting on his hat, and carrying his black cane, he walked out of Old John's Restaurant just in time to see a police officer driving a tramp off the street.

The natives of the Rorsted Archipelago had darker skin than the people of the Southern Continent. It was close to the bronze color often produced by exposure to the sun. Their hair was mostly dark and naturally curled ever so slightly. They looked quite different from the colonists of the Loen Kingdom.

It had been less than fifty years since the place was fully colonized. At first, Loen had worked with the local kings and chieftains under the banner of the Central Sonia Company to extract economic benefits. Later, however, the company's management quickly descended into corruption as its members fought for power, even provoking enemies and starting wars for personal gain. More absurdly still, they reported one another, accusing their rivals of accepting bribes. For such matters, each would find a Member of Parliament to back him. During parliamentary hearings, they attacked one another so fiercely that it nearly resulted in lawsuits.[1]

The natives could never have imagined that the powerful figures who made their kings and chieftains bow, kiss the soles of their shoes, and deliver cartloads of gifts were actually insignificant people who weren't even Members of Parliament in Backlund. Although most came from noble families, they stood at the very end of the line of succession.

After that dispute, the King and Prime Minister agreed to buy out the shares, dissolve the Central Sonia Company, and dispatch the fleet and army to take full control of the Rorsted Archipelago, bringing it under true colonial rule.

At present, the archipelago was governed by the governor-general's office, Parliament, and the Courts. The upper echelons were all Loenese, while some middle-ranking positions--Members of Parliament and court magistrates--were held by descendants of the original kings and chieftains. As for lower-ranking posts, they were open to educated natives of the region. This included police officers below the rank of superintendent.

The policeman driving off the tramp with his baton was a native, and his target was likewise plainly of Rorsted descent.

As soon as the policeman saw Klein in his double-breasted frock coat, half top hat, and black gentleman's cane, he immediately put away his baton, straightened, brought his feet together, and saluted.

"Good afternoon, sir.

"How may I help you?"

Klein experienced mixed emotions as he gently nodded.

"Are there no carriages here?"

"According to the regulations of the governor-general's office, carriages aren't allowed on this street. You'll have to walk to the street ahead," the policeman explained with both fear and enthusiasm.

"Thank you." Klein casually praised him. "You speak good Loenese."

The policeman was so pleasantly surprised that he grew excited.

"I think--I think this is an essential quality for a good policeman to possess."

He had originally wanted to say that he considered himself Loenese too, but he feared that the gentleman before him would become angry.

Klein sighed inwardly and slowly walked toward the corner of the street.

Along the way, he saw that the local style of dress differed greatly from that in mainland cities such as Backlund and Tingen. It even differed from ports such as Damir and Bansy, which had been colonized for more than two hundred years.

A respectable man from Loen would wear a formal suit, a top hat, and a tie while carrying a gentleman's cane. This made the people around him submissive, afraid to meet his eyes or brush against him. The other natives and people of mixed blood favored thick jackets paired with baggy trousers and caps from the mainland. They disliked black, preferring brown, tawny, and light gray. Klein found it rather strange, but it also gave him the feeling of having arrived in a foreign country.

Of course, natives and mixed-bloods of higher status also imitated the Loenese style of dress, believing it to be a sign of civilization.

At two in the afternoon, at the Swordfish Bar, a recognized gathering place for adventurers.

There weren't many customers, so Klein easily wove between the tables and reached the bar.

He discovered one difference from other establishments: three blackboards stood beside the bar on wooden supports. Yellowing notices had been written on them in white chalk, their contents varied and strange. Some sought bodyguards, some requested help finding people, some asked for investigations into the situation on a particular island, and some offered high rewards for the heads of particular pirates, while others claimed to possess a treasure map and wished to form a team. In short, the work divided among private detectives and security companies in the Loen Kingdom still belonged to adventurers here.

"A glass of Zarhar." Klein tapped the bar counter.

It was a local malt beer, cheap and delicious, with a distinctive flavor. Adventurers loved it, something Klein had learned from Blazing Danitz.

"Three pence." The bartender casually glanced at the customer, his attitude unchanged by the stranger's unfamiliar face.

Beer in hand, Klein sat on a high stool before the bar, sipping little by little as he quietly listened to the drinkers around him. Through their conversations, he searched for a suitable target.

After nearly an hour, as the number of people in the bar increased, Klein finally heard something potentially useful.

His spirits lifted, and he listened with greater concentration.

Four people sat at a table less than three meters away, lamenting the fate of a man named Wendt.

"I always thought Wendt was out at sea. I didn't expect him to be at home. He was terribly ill."

"Sigh, if I'd knocked on his door two days earlier, he might not have died. You have no idea how terrifying the room was. Mushrooms grew in great white swaths all over his body."

"Dogshit! Stop it! Can't you see I'm eating sausages?"

"Yes, yes. Wendt's room was filled with bugs, moths, flies, butterflies, bees, and cockroaches. Holy Lord of Storms, I couldn't believe a human could live in such a place. Even the police who came later were stunned!"

As the conversation reached his ears, Klein frowned slightly, sensing that Wendt's death wasn't normal. Within only a few days of his death, his corpse was already covered in mushrooms, and insects crawled all over the room.

Something Beyonder-related? With such an anomaly, the police would definitely report it to the Mandated Punisher team... It sounds as though it happened three or four days ago. Whatever needed to be handled should already have been dealt with... Klein seriously considered whether he should pay the place a visit. At the very least, the man named Wendt had been a lone adventurer in Bayam. None of his companions wished to help him convey news of his death.

After listening for a long time, he gained a rough idea of where Wendt had rented a room. It was nearby, at 47 Blackhorn Street.

Having drained the last drop of Zarhar beer, Klein put on his hat, left the bar, and headed for the apartment.

After entering the building, he half-closed his eyes and murmured to himself, "The room where someone recently died."

He repeated the statement seven times, then used his cane to find his way swiftly and easily to the room Wendt had once occupied.

It hadn't yet been rented out, and the anomaly inside had already been dealt with. Nothing seemed amiss.

Klein put away the slip of paper he had used to open the door, locked the door behind him, and carefully walked around.

After confirming the situation, he took out extracts, essential oils, herbs, powders, and special candles, quickly setting up a spirit-channeling ritual before the bed.

Although several days had passed, making it possible to obtain only the most superficial, fragmented remnants of information, Klein believed that something was better than nothing.

Naturally, he prayed to himself and entered the space above the gray fog. He responded to the prayer and bestowed upon himself the power to channel spirits.

The candle flame suddenly soared, tinged with a ghostly blue as it swayed.

Klein felt everything fall silent, as though he had entered a realm that didn't belong to reality.

His pupils became completely black, even expelling the whites of his eyes.

He no longer needed to employ the technique of dream divination. Having advanced to Faceless, and with the aid of the gray fog's initial incursion into the real world, he could directly see Wendt's lingering spirituality, a will that refused to dissipate.

There were three scenes. In the first, the tall, thin, dark, curly-haired, sharp-featured Wendt approached an abandoned corpse and stared in astonishment as a glimmer emerged from it, condensing into a green gem suffused with an aura of vitality. In the second, Wendt lay on his bed with his eyes closed and his mouth slightly open. His skin was covered in mushrooms of every kind, while cockroaches and moths piled atop one another around him. On his chest hung a silver necklace set with the same green gem. In the third, a pretty girl with flaxen hair sat by the sea, her eyes slightly moist. Wendt's reluctant voice lingered around her.

"Raine, I'm about to die. I deeply regret never telling you that I love you. I want you to marry me..."

The scene shattered, and the spirit channeling ended. Klein looked around and saw that the room remained dark and gloomy.

This fellow was truly unlucky... Klein shook his head and sighed.

He already had a rough idea of the cause of Wendt's death--his chance discovery of something he shouldn't have picked up.

The vast majority of Beyonders didn't know about the Law of Beyonder Characteristics Indestructibility and Conservation, nor had they ever imagined that deceased Beyonders could release characteristics that became ingredients. As the process was relatively slow, these characteristics were easily overlooked. Therefore, after killing a Beyonder, people usually searched the corpse and discarded it, allowing passersby like Wendt to chance upon the remains, or perhaps creatures at the bottom of the sea or in the wilderness.

Wendt hadn't known it was a Beyonder characteristic and had mistaken it for a magical gem. Thus, he fashioned it into a necklace and kept it close to his body. Slowly corrupted by its influence, he died in agony.

[1] Author's Note: This is what the British East India Company did in India. As expected of a bureaucratic empire, it has everything you need in this regard. I nearly laughed myself to death while doing the research.

Chapter 523: Cooperation

By the time he left 47 Blackhorn Street, Klein had learned the broad outline of Wendt's circumstances.

He had disguised himself as a police officer and questioned Wendt's neighbors.

Symeem Island, the outermost island of the Rorsted Archipelago. From Bayam, it takes four or five hours to reach by liner, and there are only two departures each day, at nine and ten in the morning. Wendt's parents died long ago, and he has no relatives. The only person involved is the girl he could never forget, Raine. She's the ideal target for my first performance of acting as someone else. But just thinking about having to confess on Wendt's behalf feels terribly awkward... If the girl agrees... Damn, how am I supposed to bring matters to a close... Klein thought with a troubled expression.

He tried to recall novels he had read and films and television dramas he had watched, hoping to find the perfect solution.

Soon, he had a general idea of what to do, and his mood stabilized in the process. His thoughts began drifting toward Steel Maveti.

I hope Miss Magician obtains a radio transceiver as soon as possible... Klein sighed inwardly and boarded a rental carriage.

Backlund, Cherwood Borough.

Fors opened a letter Xio had brought back.

It came from the science-fiction novelist Aville, who was pleased to share with Ma'am Wall his thoughts on the future development and applications of radio technology.

Fors skipped directly over the beginning and middle, her eyes sweeping toward the end.

He introduced three types, complete with detailed addresses and approximate prices. The most expensive is only twelve pounds. Fors nodded slightly, feeling that this wasn't a particularly important transaction.

She suddenly felt that her sense of wealth had become somewhat inflated. Perhaps because she had witnessed so many transactions involving hundreds or thousands of pounds at the Tarot Club, she no longer paid much attention to anything in the range of ten pounds.

Mr. World has both the resources and the money. In the future, I might need to buy items from him or sell him things I don't need. Yes, I'll simply add the postage, my transportation expenses, and the cost of the ritual materials to the original price... Fors quickly made up her mind and subconsciously looked out the window.

Backlund remained gloomy and dark beneath a pattering drizzle. However, the fog wasn't as thick as before.

I wonder when I'll receive the Spirit Eater's stomach pouch from The Sun... Fors could hardly wait to advance.

In the Berg household in the City of Silver.

Having already prepared the Spirit Eater's stomach pouch and the materials Mr. Hanged Man wished to purchase, Derrick was in no hurry to sacrifice them to Mr. Fool.

He planned to wait a little longer, until the Chief was leading an expedition team or presiding over a particular sacrificial ritual, before making the attempt.

This is the safest and most reliable way... Yes, be careful. Be cautious! Derrick reminded himself before opening the Giant King's Court--Book of Blackrock, Hand-Copied Edition.

Recently, he had been reading this ancient tome. From it, he had learned something of the Giant King's Court as it had appeared in ancient times.

According to the ancient tome, it was a divine kingdom!

Time seemed frozen there, as though suspended in an eternal dusk. Every building was extraordinarily grand and magnificent, reaching even into the clouds.

Humans walking within it were exceptionally tiny, and they revered the master of that place from the depths of their hearts.

Backlund, Hillston Borough, Waymandy's residence.

After listening to an explanation, Emlyn White combed back his hair with one hand and deliberately asked, "Lord Baron, I don't remember where I heard it, but during the Second Epoch or the first half of the Third Epoch, there was a very famous city called the City of Silver."

Waymandy was a Sanguine baron more than two hundred years old. He didn't look elderly; instead, he resembled a mature gentleman in his early thirties.

His black hair was neatly combed back, and he wore a dark red cotton shirt while holding a brown pipe. Enjoying the warmth of the fireplace, he said thoughtfully, "No. At least in my memory, there was no City of Silver before the Cataclysm."

Before Emlyn could revel in his delight, Waymandy continued to himself, "But there was a Kingdom of Silver. It was originally ruled by the Giant King's Court and later brought directly under its jurisdiction."

Kingdom of Silver? Emlyn White thought for a while and said, "Lord Baron, do you know anything more specific?"

Waymandy looked up at him, smiled, and said with a hint of reminiscence, "The Kingdom of Silver held a rather special position in the Giant King's Court. Its people didn't directly believe in the Giant King Aurmir. Instead, they worshiped the queen of the Giant King's Court, Omebella."

City of Generosity, Bayam, dock district. Acid Lemon Street, Wind of Azure Inn.

Klein stood at the corner of the street, removed the topaz pendant from his left wrist, and performed a divination to ensure there was no danger ahead.

With that settled, he strolled back to the inn, went up to the third floor, and opened the door of the luxurious suite.

He was slightly surprised to find Blazing Danitz already back, slumped in his reclining chair and drinking.

After a moment's consideration, Klein calmly asked, "What time is it?"

"Isn't there a clock?" Danitz muttered.

He looked at the opposite wall and read out the time.

"Three forty in the afternoon..."

Before he finished, Danitz suddenly came to his senses. Sitting upright, he laughed dryly.

"I've already visited every place where I can obtain information and asked everyone I can ask. There's no need to stay outside any longer. It would only increase the risk of exposure and affect your hunting plan!"

Klein found a chair and sat down. Expressionless, he said, "Tell me what happened."

"What problems could there be? Although I'm primarily an adventurer who hunts for treasure, I'm also a qualified part-time pirate." Danitz felt that his abilities had been insulted.

After Gehrman Sparrow swept him with a cold glance, he smiled and briefly recounted the places he had visited, the people he had met, and the news he had heard that morning and afternoon.

Hearing Danitz lament that a ghost ship captain named Alger knew about Bansy Harbor, Klein suddenly felt like frowning.

Given Mr. Hanged Man's connection to the Church of Storms, he didn't know about the anomaly at Bansy Harbor before I controlled The World and deliberately mentioned it, so how could this Alger have known? Is he a high-ranking powerhouse of the Church of Storms disguised as a pirate, or someone connected to the heretics at Bansy Harbor? Hmm... Mr. Hanged Man has been active in the surrounding seas, so it's possible that this is him... Klein's heart stirred as he recalled The Hanged Man's characteristics.

Above the gray fog, although he couldn't clearly see the other members' appearances, it was still obvious whether they were male or female and what color their hair was!

Klein raised a hand to stop Danitz and said in a low voice, "Very messy hair, dark blue in color?"

"You know him? That fellow isn't simple!" Danitz exclaimed.

As expected... Heh heh, I truly didn't expect to encounter him so easily... Klein didn't respond. Instead, he leaned forward and said, "Continue."

Without thinking too much about it, Danitz gave a general account of what happened afterward and explained himself.

"As you know, no one can be certain when they'll obtain results while gathering information. After finding everyone there is to find, all one can do is wait patiently. This will definitely take some time."

"There's another solution that doesn't require waiting," Klein deliberately said in a flat tone.

"What solution?" Danitz asked in surprise.

Klein nudged his gold-rimmed glasses, the corners of his mouth curving into a smile.

"Use bait."

Bait? Danitz stared at him, momentarily puzzled.

In only a second, realization dawned.

He could be the only bait!

When fishing for an enemy, no one cared whether the bait was swallowed. The only concern was whether the prey could be drawn out!

Simply put, "bait" was a highly dangerous occupation!

"Haha, that isn't a great solution. Yes, that's what my intuition tells me. I should be able to gain something at the Red Theater. I'll go there and take a look!" Danitz grabbed his coat and eagerly rushed out the door.

Klein had originally planned to follow Blazing from a distance to see whether he could find any clues, but he suddenly heard layers of illusory prayers.

They came from a man.

Klein paused thoughtfully and turned into the washroom.

Ten seconds later, he appeared above the gray fog. He saw the crimson star representing The Hanged Man continually burgeon and shrink.

As expected... Klein sat down, leaned back in his chair, and extended his spirituality.

The Hanged Man's voice became clearer:

"Honorable Mr. Fool, I am presently investigating a key connected to Vice Admiral Iceberg. I encountered Blazing Danitz at a casino and learned that he witnessed the anomaly at Bansy Harbor. I also learned that he plans to join forces with a powerful figure to deal with Steel Maveti.

"I suspect that Blazing Danitz is working with your Blessed, so I prayed to you.

"If that is indeed the case, and if he wishes to receive a certain degree of assistance, I can be of help."

Mr. Hanged Man has indeed guessed Gehrman Sparrow's identity... He probably only had his suspicions, but successfully verified them by asking Danitz about Bansy Harbor... This is also good. With the help of an experienced local, the plan to hunt Steel Maveti will proceed much more smoothly... Unless it directly concerns The Fool, there's no reason for The Hanged Man to entrap a Blessed... Judging from his expression and attitude, he doesn't yet harbor any suspicions toward The Fool... I haven't left any loopholes... Klein's thoughts raced, and he quickly reached a decision.

After performing a divination, he conjured The World and covered the dummy in fog. He placed him in a prayerful posture and had him answer solemnly, "Honorable Mr. Fool, I require some assistance."

After completing the scene, Klein cast the voice and image into the crimson star symbolizing The Hanged Man.

Chapter 524: Meeting

At five in the afternoon, at Pam's Divination Lodge on Olive Tree Avenue.

Alger Wilson pushed open a brown wooden door with glass panes set above it and entered the mysticism-themed cafe.

He ordered a cup of Fermo coffee from the Paz Valley on the Star Highlands of the Southern Continent. Then he took out the tarot cards he had bought earlier and placed them beside him. The top card was The Hanged Man, depicting an angel suspended upside down with his hands bound behind his back.

Unlike that morning, he had changed into a dark, classical robe and wore a clergyman's biretta, resembling a warlock or magician from folklore.

After drawing a silent breath, Alger slowly sipped his coffee. He showed no anxiety as he waited.

After five or six minutes, the heavy brown wooden door opened again, and a young man in a black tweed coat and half top hat entered.

The gentleman appeared not even thirty years old. His face was thin and angular, and his bearing was both mature and gloomy. It was none other than Klein, who had slightly altered his appearance and changed his persona.

He wasn't wearing gold-rimmed glasses, but his vision remained unaffected. With a casual sweep of his eyes, his gaze settled on Alger's dark blue sideburns.

Klein looked down and saw The Hanged Man lying faceup atop the deck.

Without a word, he walked over, removed his hat, and sat opposite Alger. With a grim smile, he said, "I'd like a divination."

As he spoke, he had already taken in the appearance of the Tarot Club's most senior member.

Deep-set features, a rugged outline, and an unmistakably weathered look. He's clearly adept at fighting and spends a great deal of time outdoors.

His skin is bronze, but it differs from that of the natives. He looks like a pure-blooded Loenese who has been battered by the elements for years, but the dark blue hair is more unusual, something not found among the Loenese. It's closer to the colonists from Desi Bay who live around the Berserk Sea.

Mixed blood... Klein concluded.

Alger looked at the gentleman opposite him, slowly superimposing his image over that of The World. Then he pushed the tarot cards across the table and said in a low voice, "This requires you to shuffle and cut the cards yourself."

Klein reached out, picked them up, and spread them fully to inspect them. Then he gathered them together and reshuffled.

He cut the deck repeatedly, drew three cards, and arranged them as past, present, and future.

Klein slowly leaned back, but with his right hand he turned over the middle tarot card. It depicted a naked woman wearing only a purple silk scarf, surrounded by a green wreath resembling a doorway.

This was The World, numbered 21. Number 22 returned to 0, symbolizing The Fool.

"How should I interpret this?" Klein deliberately asked.

Although The Hanged Man hadn't explicitly stated that The World was The Fool's Blessed, Klein didn't believe there was any need to pretend otherwise. He felt that openness would help establish his image--if Alger hadn't guessed, it would seem candid and confident. If Alger already knew, it would make The World appear at ease, as though everything remained within his grasp.

H-he knows I know? He already believes I guessed before raising the matter above the gray fog? Impressive... Alger's heart skipped a beat as he replied at a measured pace, "It's inverted. It means that matters will fail due to insufficient preparation."

"What preparations are needed?" Klein nodded thoughtfully and asked.

Alger retrieved all the tarot cards except The World and expertly shuffled and cut the deck.

Then he turned over the top card.

It was The Hierophant!

Alger's voice remained deep and low.

"You need counsel. You require the guidance of faith and religion to avoid straying down the wrong path."

Without waiting for Klein to speak, he turned over the second card. It was The Moon, gazing down upon the land.

"You will be confused. You will be exhausted, wandering through dreams, but this is only temporary."

Next, Alger handed over a third tarot card. It was The Sun.

"Everything shall pass, and light will shine upon the land," he intoned like a charlatan.

Klein remained silent for a few seconds before seemingly seeking confirmation. "Church, dream, sun?"

A trace of a smile spread across Alger's face. He nodded slightly and said, "That's right."

He had hidden hints about the subsequent plan within the tarot reading.

In fact, in a situation where he wasn't personally involved and hadn't even drawn attention, there was no need to be so circumspect. He could have directly explained everything in detail, but Alger felt he still needed to test a Blessed like The World. He wanted to know whether the man was intelligent rather than merely powerful.

If their intellects were on the same level, Alger believed they could cooperate more often in the future. Intelligent people didn't need to say too much to one another. Conversely, if The World failed the test, Alger would try not to involve him in his own affairs. He would only ask for help when he needed an assistant, unless Mr. Fool issued other orders.

Now, The World's response and prior performances had confirmed that he was cunning, vicious, and experienced.

Heh, I'm an expert in tarot cards... In such matters, Mr. Hanged Man, you're merely a novice... Klein secretly laughed and belittled him inwardly.

The message concealed in The Hanged Man's interpretation was very simple. The Hierophant meant that he intended to inform the Church of Storms about Blazing Danitz and Steel Maveti, then use the Mandated Punishers to divide the enemy and reap the benefits.

This was a tactic Klein often employed, so he had no difficulty understanding it.

The Moon and The Sun that followed were a reminder and a warning from The Hanged Man.

Since the Mandated Punishers were involved, a certain degree of caution was necessary. Based on Alger's experience, when dealing with similar matters, his colleagues in Bayam would definitely use a Sealed Artifact capable of forcing many people within its range into a dream. And given Maveti's characteristics, they would also have to use a particular item in the Sun domain that countered him.

I'm immune to dreams, so I'm not afraid of the Sun... Klein reached out and half-turned the inverted World card into its upright position, indicating that the plan was feasible and that he would make preparations.

Alger raised his head and drew a deep breath.

"The proprietor specializes in aromatherapy. She uses the fragrances of various essential oils, extracts, incense, and floral essences to treat corresponding emotional problems and calm restless minds. Would you like to try it?"

Using the contact point at Amyris Avenue? Klein smiled in response.

"All right."

The two looked at each other without moving. They said nothing more about aromatherapy, for both already understood everything.

Klein didn't remain any longer than necessary. He took out his pocket watch, glanced at it, and slowly rose.

Alger erased his smile, pressed a hand to his chest, and bowed slightly.

"Let us praise God. All divinatory revelations come from 'Him.'"

Oh, you even know how to express your loyalty... Klein suppressed his laughter and replied solemnly, imitating Alger, "Let us praise God."

He took two steps away, then suddenly stopped and looked back at Alger, chuckling as he put on his hat.

"Frankly, that attire doesn't suit you."

Huh? Alger couldn't follow Mr. World's train of thought.

After Klein left the themed cafe, Alger withdrew his gaze and studied himself in the mirror at the corner.

At first, he saw nothing wrong with what he wore. However, after The World's remark, the longer he looked, the more incongruous it appeared. Finally, he understood why the man had said that.

A fellow who looked rough and weather-beaten, like someone capable of summoning a hundred sailors at any moment to beat up an opponent or drawing an ax to chop them to pieces, truly shouldn't be wearing a mysterious, classical warlock's robe. It made his bearing seem rather peculiar.

Cathedral of Waves.

Having changed back into his original clothes, Alger kept a low profile as he followed the worshipers into the hall. Under the pretext of making a confession, he met Bishop Chogo through the priest in charge.

After saluting, he went straight to the point.

"I encountered Blazing Danitz, who claims that the key possessed by Vice Admiral Iceberg has nothing to do with Death's treasure and that they are even willing to sell it.

"He entrusted me with a mission to watch for Steel Maveti's whereabouts. Apparently, he was injured by this second mate of the Admiral of Blood and is desperate to escape his pursuit.

"Your Excellency, I wish to leak this information so that Steel Maveti and his subordinates succeed in cornering Blazing Danitz. I hope to use this opportunity to capture them all or execute them on the spot.

"This will effectively curb the pirates' arrogance."

Chogo revealed a look of approval.

"Very good. The way you handle matters is better than I expected."

Alger replied humbly, "This all stems from the Lord's guidance and from your teachings.

"This evening, I'll find a suitable target and leak the information. If I return to pray, it will indicate that Steel Maveti is temporarily taking no action. If I do not appear, it means that he or his subordinates may have restrained me to prevent the news from leaking. That will mean they have taken the bait."

After providing details of the location and other matters, Alger returned to the confessional and departed as usual.

At a quarter past seven in the evening, at the Amyris Leaf Bar.

Wearing baggy trousers and a headscarf wrapped around his dark blue hair, Alger stood beside a boxing ring with a glass of Lanti Proof in hand. A mocking expression on his face, he watched the two bruised contestants.

Before long, he noticed his target enter and head straight for the bar.

After a while, he sat beside the thin man and said with a chuckle, "I heard Steel has arrived in Bayam."

The man turned his head in alarm and replied with a false smile, "Why don't I know about it?"

"Is that so? Looks like Blazing fooled me!" Alger smacked the bar and took a mouthful of liquor.

"Blazing... Danitz?" The man's eyes lit up as he asked hesitantly.

"Yes, him!" Alger gritted his teeth. "I met him this morning at the Gold Coin Casino. That damned fellow claimed Steel was in Bayam. Ptooey! How dare he lie to me!"

The swarthy, thin man's eyes darted around, but he didn't interrupt.

He quietly listened to the end, stood, and chuckled.

"I forgot I have something to do. We should play cards another time."

He patted Alger on the shoulder and, in a seemingly unhurried manner, hastened out of the bar.

Holding his glass, Alger half-turned to watch the man's retreating back. His eyes were deep and gloomy, with no trace of a smile at the corners of his mouth.

Chapter 525: The Calm Squall

Looking up at the wall clock and seeing that it was past eight, Alger set down his glass mug and pushed through the drunkards into the street.

As the Rorsted Archipelago was rich in coal, Bayam resembled mainland cities such as Backlund and Pritz Harbor. Tall black lampposts lined its streets, and the glow of burning gas streamed through metal grilles, illuminating the relatively clean roads.

Alger pulled off his headscarf and slowly turned into a side alley. At its dead end, he smelled urine mingled with alcohol. Although the Amyris Leaf Bar had a washroom, it clearly wasn't sufficient for its customers during peak hours. Drunks who couldn't hold it could only find secluded places to relieve themselves.

Crimson moonlight pierced the clouds and shone into the alley. While Alger was still considering whether he should put on a more convincing performance, a firm, resonant voice came from behind him.

"Did you deliberately leak the information about Blazing to us?"

He's not stupid... Alger muttered inwardly as he slowly turned, as though preparing for a surprise attack.

Seven or eight paces away, he saw a figure leaning against the wall.

The figure stood about 1.78 meters tall and wore a boat-shaped hat. His face was thin and sharp, and his expression aggressive.

A lock of black hair hung down, half concealing his left dark green eye and softening his cold appearance.

Although there was often a considerable difference between a wanted poster and the actual person, many famous pirates didn't even bother disguising themselves while wandering through the city. As a Church insider, Alger had seen many nearly photographic portraits created through rituals and had participated in pirate conventions. He could still successfully connect the person before him to a name on the bounty notices.

He didn't reveal this and deliberately hesitated before asking, "Calm Squall?"

He was Steel Maveti's chief assistant, a Beyonder adept at controlling his emotions and thinking calmly, but he was also inhumanly cruel and had a bounty of 1,500 pounds. The man tugged at his black trench coat and revealed a hollow smile.

"Can I deny it?

"Well... probably not. Just as you can't deny that you deliberately mentioned Blazing to Oamaru. He isn't someone who enjoys using his brain, the complete opposite of me."

"I never intended to lie. I only want payment for the information you obtained from me. Between Blazing, who is alone, and Steel, who has so many helpers, anyone with a brain knows whom to choose. Of course, I hope you'll keep this secret. I don't wish to be hunted by Vice Admiral Iceberg," Alger replied frankly.

Squall nodded leisurely and said, "Tell me the details."

"Just as I said before. I happened to encounter and recognize Blazing at the Gold Coin Casino. He entrusted me to watch for Steel's whereabouts. Heh heh, it appears he wants to launch a counterattack," Alger said with a sneer. "We agreed on a point of contact. I believe this intelligence is worth at least 1,000 pounds."

"A thousand pounds? Look up at the crimson moon. Are you dreaming?" Squall scoffed. "This might be a trap. Don't you understand? Blazing may well have found helpers, which is why he dares to seek us out."

"It's not for me to judge whether it's a trap. Five hundred pounds. For anything less, I'd rather pretend none of this happened." Alger attempted to negotiate the payment.

"Three hundred pounds. You must follow me somewhere and remain there for a while. It's to prevent you from selling this information to others and ruining our plans. We'll pay you once we capture Blazing based on your intelligence, or after we channel his spirit. Don't worry. Food, liquor, and a bed will all be free. In any event, you've struck it lucky! If you cause any accidents, heh heh... I believe you know the consequences," Squall proposed in a tone that brooked no refusal.

Sure enough, just as I expected. Since my background is unknown and I don't appear too dangerous, they're far more likely to detain me temporarily than silence me... However, I've also prepared for the worst. As long as I'm not too careless, escaping won't be a problem... Alger deliberately acted conflicted as he said, "No more than two days, or my crew will sail away with my ship."

"I'll inform them if it exceeds two days." At some point, a sharp scalpel had appeared in Squall's palm, and he made it leap and spin like an acrobat.

After Alger described the contact point at 15 Amyris Avenue and the corresponding communication method in detail, Squall said nothing further. He turned and led Alger through a succession of turns until they reached an unknown street and entered a nondescript house.

"Long time no see, blue-haired captain of a ghost ship." The door was opened by an old man whose hair was more white than black. He wore local clothing and a pair of baggy pantaloons.

"Old Quinn. You truly are an intelligence officer for the Admiral of Blood..." Alger deliberately said in astonishment.

Old Quinn chuckled. "There's always some truth to rumors. What you imagine to be false may very well be real."

He didn't turn on the gas wall lamp, instead carrying a silver candle lantern as he guided Alger and Squall through the dark hall and into a spacious, windowless basement.

"You'll remain here for a while. My friends and I will watch you and provide food and liquor," Old Quinn said with a laugh. "To demonstrate our sincerity, we won't disarm you."

"All right." Alger took the initiative to walk to the low bed in the basement.

Old Quinn closed the heavy stone door and locked it behind him.

Squall didn't linger. He hurried away, repeatedly checking whether anyone was following him.

After switching to a rental carriage, he arrived at a Loenese enclave in Bayam. It was also the residential district of the upper class.

Upon entering a garden villa, Squall saw Maveti seated on a sofa in the living room, waiting for him. The others either lay, stood, or sat in a semicircle, with puppets and zombies guarding them.

Steel had thick lips and swarthy skin. His hair curled like the steel balls commonly seen in factories.

"Is the intelligence reliable?" The muscles in his arms trembled, emanating a sense of tremendous strength. Yet his whole being radiated a cold and sinister feeling, as though he weren't a living creature.

Squall nodded.

"He's a pirate captain who serves money. I've already detained him at Old Quinn's place. If there truly is a problem, he definitely won't leave there alive. I believe he understands that very well."

At that point, Squall revealed a cold smile.

"However, we must still guard against accidents. This might be a trap set by Blazing."

"Do you have a plan?" Maveti asked directly.

The first person he looked toward was a pirate lying on a couch. The man wore a brown local tunic and twirled a yellowish-brown straw hat around his fingers.

This was Maveti's deputy for the operation, the captain of the sixth ship lost in the battle against Vice Admiral Dusk, Blood Brambles Hendry. He had a bounty of 3,800 pounds.

"Squall clearly has a plan." Hendry covered his pale face with his straw hat.

Squall chuckled and said, "Didn't that adventurer John Smith send Mordor to infiltrate our ranks? Let's deliberately leak the news to him, making him believe we're still waiting for reinforcements and can only act the day after tomorrow or in three days.

"That bunch of greedy adventurers definitely won't spare Blazing. They'll fall over one another to get him. When the time comes, we can find a place to watch the show. If there's an accident, they'll bear the brunt of it. If everything proceeds smoothly, we can eliminate them as well!"

"All right." Steel Maveti's eyeballs shifted slightly, radiating intense bloodlust.

In the early hours of the morning, everything was ready.

Blood Brambles Hendry brought over a leather suitcase, removed a peacock-blue carpet, and slowly unfurled it before him. It was covered in mysterious patterns with an inhuman quality.

Maveti, Squall, two other Beyonders, as well as eight zombies and puppets, took their places on it.

Hendry was the last to step aboard. Half-closing his eyes, he uttered a single word in Elvish: "Flight!"

The peacock-blue carpet suddenly drew taut and floated upward, lifting everyone from the ground and carrying them through the air toward Amyris Avenue.

During the journey, Hendry pulled out a black handkerchief and flicked his wrist, transforming it into the night sky, which magically concealed all their traces beneath the moonlight.

After seven or eight minutes, they reached the vicinity of 20 Amyris Avenue. The targeted house stood diagonally opposite.

They didn't advance. Instead, they allowed the Flying Carpet to hover silently before the crown of a thick tree, where they lay prone and observed the situation.

Time passed second by second as Hendry steadied the mystical item. He showed no sign of exhausting his spirituality.

The night slowly receded, and a faint red glow suffused the horizon. The sun was about to rise, and the pirates led by Steel Maveti began preparing to find another suitable location for daytime surveillance.

At that moment, a figure moved nimbly across the rooftops with his back bent, arriving above 15 Amyris Avenue.

He wore a black cloak, with yellow eyebrows and dark blue eyes. His features and facial contours were relatively soft. It was none other than Blazing Danitz!

Danitz cautiously looked around for a moment, then climbed onto the raised chimney, reached inside, and dropped a note down it.

He's actually here? Steel Maveti, Blood Brambles Hendry, Squall, and the others all felt their spirits lift.

At that instant, several figures sprang from the chimneys and surroundings of Units 13, 14, and 17. Moving swiftly and powerfully, they rushed toward Unit 15 from different directions, some smashing through windows, some kicking open doors, and others charging down the chimney.

Chapter 526: Dream of Eternity

The Rorsted Archipelago was the Loen Kingdom's administrative center in the Central Sonia Sea. Similarly, it was an important diocese of the Church of Storms, with a high-ranking deacon who sat on the Council of Cardinals permanently stationed there.

Of course, even a pirate at the admiral level might not be enough to spur such a powerful figure into action, much less a mere second mate and boatswain. As a result, the task fell to Deacon Cordoba Roye, who gladly accepted the order and led two teams of Mandated Punishers to activate Sealed Artifacts 2-37 and 2-166. To ensure absolute safety, they lay in ambush some distance from 15 Amyris Avenue.

From Cordoba Roye's perspective, one team of Mandated Punishers equipped with two Sealed Artifacts would have been sufficient to deal with the group of pirates comprising Steel and Blazing Danitz. However, the latter's intention to monitor his pursuers' whereabouts worried him. Instinctively sensing a problem, he called in an additional team of Mandated Punishers.

Actually, 2-37 alone would be enough... As they waited, Cordoba Roye suddenly sighed.

In his opinion, this Sealed Artifact would be the nightmare of Steel, Blazing, and their companions.

He closed his eyes, and the corresponding information surfaced in his mind.

"Number: 37.

"Name: Dream of Eternity.

"Danger Grade: 2. Dangerous. It must be used carefully and in moderation. It may only be requested for operations requiring three or more people, a deacon, or a diocesan bishop.

"Security Classification: Bishop, Team Captain, and above.

"Sealing Method: Place in boiling water.

"Description: It resembles a heart. It is black, feels ice-cold to the touch, and is riddled with holes, often producing a flute-like sound.

"This item originated from a primitive tribe in West Balam on the Southern Continent. They were nocturnal and led by spirit warlocks.

"A Loenese army company conquered the tribe and obtained the object they venerated upon their altar. During the following week, soldiers began behaving abnormally, going mad, committing suicide, and so forth.

"Research indicates that anyone who comes into contact with this item will enter a prolonged dream. Unless awakened by someone else, they will remain forever in that illusory world. On the surface, they appear frustrated, fearful, and confused. Their mental and biological states gradually change.

"Even after being awakened, the researchers remained unable to distinguish reality from dreams for a long time, leading to a series of tragic incidents, including but not limited to confessing their love to superiors, kissing a venomous snake on the mouth, suffering from depression, stripping naked and running through the streets, and attempting to bathe in boiling water... Had they not been transferred to another city, their only possible outcomes would have been madness and suicide.

"This item can be used to cause all creatures in the target's vicinity to enter the same dream... The user may choose the targets to a certain extent and exclude companions... The maximum effective radius is fifty meters. Exceeding that range places an enormous burden on the user and inflicts severe mental damage... Afterward, the user will enter a state in which they cannot distinguish reality from dreams and must leave the city where 2-37 is located to have any chance of recovery.

"Numerous examples (see Appendix) demonstrate that even without direct contact, this item can greatly affect the surrounding population unless placed in boiling water...

"Appendix: 1. Its effects resemble those of a Nightmare from the Evernight pathway, but are more pronounced and uncontrollable.

"2. Example 1: A Keeper once forgot to add charcoal, causing the fire to go out and the temperature of the boiling water to fall. He soon displayed an abnormal reaction and was suspected of dreaming about a girl he loved. He began passionately confessing to his glove and attempted to engage in a relationship with it that went beyond friendship;

"Example 2..."

As his thoughts churned, Cordoba Roye suddenly saw Blazing Danitz, the Golden Dream's fourth boatswain, arrive at the contact point to collect information.

He gestured, signaling the Mandated Punishers to open the golden box engraved with numerous symbols and magic labels, then remove Sealed Artifact 2-37 from the boiling water in which it had been soaking.

The golden box itself was another Sealed Artifact: 2-166.

It could maintain the original temperature of objects within it and, to a certain extent, alter the weather to produce a rain of Sun Holy Water.

Of course, it also had extremely negative effects. Otherwise, the Mandated Punishers would have long since used it to seal 2-37 instead of treating it as a temporary measure. Its most unacceptable negative effect was that any object left in prolonged contact with it would acquire the characteristics of life and become a devout believer in the Eternal Blazing Sun. Among the Mandated Punishers, there had already appeared a table that sang praises to the Eternal Blazing Sun every day and a candle that wished to ignite itself every second to purify everything.

In response, the irascible Mandated Punishers had chopped the table into firewood and lit it with that very candle.

Seeing figures appear one after another and charge toward 15 Amyris Avenue, Cordoba Roye didn't hesitate to press down with his right hand, ordering the team member beside him to activate Sealed Artifact 2-37.

Illusory fish scales immediately appeared on the surface of the member's palm, and he reached directly into the boiling water to grasp the Sealed Artifact resembling a pitch-black heart.

The melodious sound of a flute rang out, and dense darkness enveloped the house at 15 Amyris Avenue.

The scene before the adventurer John Smith remained unchanged. He still saw the bare, unfurnished living room and the black-cloaked Blazing Danitz. Nothing made him feel as though he were dreaming.

They rushed forward with all their strength, fired their weapons, and used their powers, successfully wounding Blazing and capturing the famous pirate with a 3,000-pound bounty who was involved with Death's Key.

In the real world, however, some sat with their legs raised, some swam with their arms outstretched, and some used their fingers as guns while making shooting noises with their mouths.

"Move out!" Cordoba Roye left his hiding place and charged toward 15 Amyris Avenue. The other members of the Mandated Punisher teams divided into two groups and began surrounding the house from different directions.

Before Cordoba arrived, the living room was already brilliantly illuminated, as though the sun were rising. Pure, holy water dripped down like rain. It was none other than Sealed Artifact 2-166 in use.

Some distance away, the Flying Carpet hovered silently in the darkness. The moment Steel Maveti and the others saw the Mandated Punishers appear, they understood that this was indeed a trap set by Blazing Danitz.

"That son of a bitch actually defected to the Church of Storms!" Maveti growled, mania flashing in his eyes.

Blood Brambles Hendry looked at Calm Squall and praised him sincerely. "Fortunately, we weren't careless."

"In truth, I didn't expect a foolish donkey like Blazing Danitz to cooperate with the Church of Storms," Squall said calmly. "Perhaps, after being injured, he was captured by the Mandated Punishers and had no choice but to cooperate."

Just as they were about to leave, they saw something protrude from the shadows outside 15 Amyris Avenue. Hugging the ground, it rapidly moved away.

"Blazing!" Steel Maveti recalled the scene of his failed ambush.

"Danitz!" Hendry also recognized the man who had attempted to escape using his magical powers.

Squall was taken aback for a moment before realization dawned.

"Either Blazing Danitz wishes to seize this opportunity to escape the Mandated Punishers' control, or he had another trap prepared for us. However, for some reason, the Mandated Punishers were drawn here, leaving him no choice but to abandon it and flee."

"Regardless, this is an opportunity!" Blood Brambles Hendry glanced at the Mandated Punishers storming the house. "As long as we seize this minute, we can kill Blazing and take him away from right beneath the Mandated Punishers' noses!"

Steel Maveti's hopes instantly rose, and an abnormal mania appeared in his eyes.

After Squall nodded, he said to the other two Beyonders, "Take the zombies and puppets and guard this position. Once the Mandated Punishers arrive, use them to create chaos and seize the opportunity to escape!"

"Yes, Boss." The two Beyonder pirates jumped from the Flying Carpet together with the zombies and puppets.

The peacock-blue carpet wheeled around and shot ahead of Blazing.

"Support us. Focus on guarding the surroundings. I'm worried Danitz has other helpers," Squall promptly told Blood Brambles Hendry.

A smile appeared on Hendry's pale face.

"All right!"

Without another word, Squall nodded to Steel Maveti.

Taking advantage of his high vantage point, Maveti could distinguish the mostly normal shadows and determine the target's direction.

He abruptly leaped from the Flying Carpet and struck the ground heavily like a massive boulder. White frost condensed beneath his feet as a layer of cold, transparent ice rapidly spread outward.

The black shadow was immediately frozen in a corner!

With a crack, Blazing Danitz struggled free and "grew" out of the shadows.

On the Flying Carpet, Hendry demonstrated their excellent teamwork by dropping what he had long held in his hand: green leaves, flowers, and brambles.

The leaves, petals, and brambles grew wildly or joined together, ensnaring Blazing Danitz and rendering him immobile.

Squall seized the opportunity to leap from the Flying Carpet and thrust the sharp scalpel in his right hand toward Danitz's neck.

Splat!

Holding the scalpel's handle in his right hand, he circled behind the target.

Danitz's head fell, and his body rapidly shrank into a thin, tattered paper figurine.

At the same time, Steel Maveti felt an indescribable hunger descend upon him. It was as though a terrifying monster hidden in the darkness were silently watching him.

No, it isn't Blazing! Just as the thought flashed through his mind, an extremely compressed incandescent fireball flew from a nearby rooftop and hurtled toward him.

Steel Maveti made only one movement: he raised an arm before his body.

Boom!

Flames exploded, and a shock wave radiated in every direction, blocking Squall's and Hendry's lines of sight. Yet neither was flustered, for they had absolute confidence in Steel.

Sure enough, Maveti had only suffered torn clothes and white marks across his skin. Apart from that, he was entirely uninjured.

But at that moment, he suddenly saw a figure step out of the roiling flames in the air. The figure clearly wore Blazing Danitz's black cloak, but he had neatly combed black hair, dark and emotionless eyes, and a thin, cold face.

The previous Danitz had always been Faceless Klein--Gehrman Sparrow, who had been prepared for the hunt all along!

Chapter 527: A Quick Battle

As he leaped from the flames, two points of light in the eyes of Klein, who wore a golden glove on his left hand, rapidly enlarged and changed from dark to brilliant, like lightning suddenly splitting the sky.

After distracting Steel Maveti and his companions with Paper Figurine Substitutes, he had activated Creeping Hunger and switched to the Interrogator's soul. He planned to use the Beyonder power Psychic Piercing.

"Ah!"

Steel Maveti suddenly let out a miserable scream. It was as though someone had driven a knife into his head and stirred his grayish-white brain. Pain erupted from the depths of his soul, instantly overwhelming his mind.

At the same time, the shock caused his Beyonder powers to erupt beyond his control, transforming into a hurricane that spread in every direction.

Beautiful snowflakes suddenly began falling from the sky. Layers of translucent ice spread outward, and the trees on both sides of the road acquired white borders. They rapidly withered, revealing signs of decay.

The lingering resentment of remnant spirits was awakened in succession. They sobbed, wailed, and shrieked, dyeing the nearby area a gray and oppressive hue.

Klein descended naturally from the sky, his left glove shining like the sun.

He opened his arms and leaned back as though embracing something.

The instant his heels touched the frigid ground, a pure, blazing, dense pillar of light descended from above.

The holy radiance enveloped Steel Maveti, illuminating his dark skin, firm muscles, and curly, steel-ball-like hair.

Priest of Light, Light of Holiness!

Without a sound, Maveti's expression became even more distorted, and his skin began to melt.

At that moment, he resembled a candle tossed into a blazing fireplace.

Compared to the corrupted Bishop Millet, he was a Zombie and therefore more vulnerable to such attacks. The damage he suffered was even more severe!

The snowflakes stopped falling, and the ice on the ground rapidly melted. The trees with white borders revealed their brown color.

There was no doubt that the powerful beam of light drew the attention of Blood Brambles Hendry and Squall. The former's expression changed as he reached into a hidden pocket and withdrew spellcasting materials. He intended to use his advantage in elevation to rescue Steel Maveti.

At that moment, a raven formed entirely of flame suddenly appeared before his eyes.

One, two, three... Countless Fire Ravens filled Hendry's vision like crimson stars. They flew in from every direction, wings beating in a dense, scorching formation.

Hendry's heart skipped a beat, and his gaze seemed to freeze. He immediately moved his hand elsewhere to grasp a different material.

Whoosh!

He scattered pale blue powder over his body while chanting in ancient Hermes, "Sea Waves!"

The powder abruptly expanded, transforming into dark blue waves that spread in all directions.

When they met the Fire Ravens, they produced sizzling sounds and great quantities of white mist.

The flames from the previous explosion had subsided slightly. Through the remnants of crimson light, Squall saw Steel Maveti's skin melting like wax and his flesh dissolving inch by inch. He also saw the unfamiliar man in a black cloak standing beside him.

He didn't panic. Like a cold-blooded viper devoid of emotion, he calmly raised his arms and abruptly pressed both palms downward.

In an instant, he saw the thin, grim-faced young man's body sink. His movements slowed, as though invisible wings had been broken. Meanwhile, Steel Maveti began struggling and rolling to avoid a second Light of Holiness.

Immediately afterward, Squall noticed that the man had lost his weight and substance. Once again, he turned into a thin paper figurine, pressed against the ground by an invisible force before becoming soaked in the mud left by the melting ice.

Klein materialized in a different position. Rubbing his right thumb and middle finger together, he snapped three times as he rushed forward.

Pa! Pa! Pa!

The dark golden Sunbird-shaped brooch on his chest flashed repeatedly, adding a purifying effect to his Air Bullets.

Bang! Bang! Bang! The three bullets struck in rapid succession, hitting the slow-moving Steel Maveti in the right side of his chest. They pierced his half-melted skin and flesh, creating an exaggerated, gruesome wound from which golden flames spread in every direction.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Squall hurled scalpel after scalpel, but Klein evaded them all with deft, acrobatic maneuvers.

By then, Steel Maveti had caught his breath. Pushing off with his palm, he rose again and charged straight at the enemy, fully displaying his advantage in close combat and his abnormally powerful body, which could withstand tremendous blows.

Ice formed beneath his feet once more, and his fists exuded an aura of decay.

Then, once again, he saw two bolts of lightning shoot from Klein's dark brown eyes and plunge into his own.

Steel Maveti instinctively threw back his head and clenched his teeth. Blood leaked from his nose, mouth, and ears, running over his already melted skin.

While firing the Air Bullets, Klein had changed the soul he was Grazing.

It was still the Interrogator, and the power was still Psychic Piercing!

Against a Beyonder like a Zombie, whose body was as tough as steel, inflicting damage upon the Spirit Body was far more effective!

As the repeated strikes made Steel Maveti's body stiffen for brief intervals, he lost the restraints of reason. Black, rigid hair grew from his face strand by strand, while his teeth and nails continually lengthened. His skin squirmed in an attempt to knit together, changing from black to white. He resembled a genuine, crazed zombie thirsting for blood!

Klein seized the opportunity to close the distance. Bending low, he brushed past Steel Maveti's shoulder and stuffed the item in his hand into the hideous wound he had created in the man's body.

It was a bottle containing several ordinary brass bullets and a large quantity of Sun Holy Water that Klein had prepared in advance!

Oof!

Because Klein didn't stop moving, Squall's attempt to control him failed once more.

Pivoting on his heel, he moved behind Steel Maveti, his back to the pirate.

Pow! He raised his right hand and snapped his fingers before Steel Maveti could pull out the glass bottle.

Bang!

A muffled explosion rang out, and fiery crimson light soared upward, shattering the already fragile glass bottle. A great quantity of Sun Holy Water flooded Steel Maveti's body.

The infamous pirate with a bounty of 6,000 pounds froze in place, an anguished groan escaping his throat.

He dropped to his knees as dark green gas poured from his body and vanished into the air.

At this sight, Squall's eyes darkened. He immediately took out an iron-black charm and muttered a word in ancient Hermes: "Shriek!"

The charm abruptly cracked and vanished, completing the sacrifice.

An invisible sound wave swept outward like a tsunami, boring into the ears of everyone nearby almost simultaneously.

Klein's mind buzzed, and the tip of his nose turned cold. Blood oozed out. Blood Brambles Hendry, atop the Flying Carpet, was in an even more miserable state. His face twisted, and his body convulsed as he fell, unable even to emit a tragic scream. Blazing Danitz, who stood far away on a rooftop, was unaffected. Delighted, he hurled another highly compressed incandescent fireball.

The fireball struck Hendry's body without resistance and exploded with a thunderous boom.

Flesh and blood splattered outward. Flames enveloped his fingers, calves, and head before he fell to the ground. The Flying Carpet then lost control and slowly descended.

Squall took the opportunity to turn and flee without the slightest hesitation.

However, he was astonished to discover that the terrifying man who had nearly killed Steel Maveti within ten seconds didn't appear hindered in the least. He had turned and given chase!

How is that possible? That's a Shriek charm made by the Admiral! Squall had no time to consider the reason. He ran as fast as he could down the other street.

At that moment, his head was suddenly struck hard by someone. Tearing pain made his entire body spasm.

The lightning in Klein's eyes faded as he raised his right hand and snapped his fingers once more.

Bang!

An Air Bullet crossed the distance of roughly ten meters and accurately bored into the back of Squall's head.

Squall didn't possess Steel's inhuman endurance. His vision immediately went black, and he slowly collapsed.

Klein caught up in a few strides, extended his left hand, and allowed the jubilant Creeping Hunger to enjoy its meal.

I've heard the voice of the True Creator before, and I've experienced Mr. Door's cries for help. I have tremendous resistance in this respect and can even recover quickly from a Wraith's shriek, much less a mere charm... Klein muttered inwardly as he watched Squall's body be reduced to flesh and blood and plunge into Creeping Hunger's open mouth.

After a few seconds, Creeping Hunger came to a satisfied halt, and Klein swiftly returned to Steel Maveti's side.

The Zombie had been miserably purified. Although his head remained intact, he was already dead.

Klein stepped forward, picked up the peacock-blue Flying Carpet that had fallen to the ground, wrapped it around Steel's body, and hoisted it up.

Glancing back at 15 Amyris Avenue, he listened to the commotion caused by the rampaging zombies and puppets and sensed the approaching Mandated Punishers. Klein pulled the hood over his head and bowed slightly in their direction as a salute.

Pa!

Klein rubbed his fingers together, setting all the paper fragments around him ablaze and producing columns of crimson flame.

In the firelight, his body turned illusory, and he vanished from the spot, the items with him transforming into shadows.

As for the Beyonder characteristics of Squall and Hendry, which were slowly taking shape, he neither looked at nor paid any attention to them.

Greed would only draw him into unnecessary danger. Besides, the harvest he had already reaped was sufficient!

After leaving some Mandated Punishers behind to deal with the rampaging zombies and puppets, the pirates injured by their "companions," and the captured Beyonder adventurers, Cordoba Roye led the rest of the team over. All they found, however, were scattered corpses, scalpels, and withered trees in the streets. They could distinguish the fading aura of the sun and the evil sensation emanating from the depths of flesh and blood.

Chapter 528: Grazing

It was early morning, and the sky had only just begun to brighten. Most alleys remained dark and quiet.

With the aid of Danitz's cloak, Klein blended into the shadows and moved swiftly. His surroundings seemed grayish-black and transparent, while reality itself appeared blurred. Every sound seemed to come from the depths of the starry sky, hollow and distant.

After putting as much distance as possible between himself and Amyris Avenue, he found his bearings and "grew" out of the shadows. He appeared in an empty alley strewn with broken stones.

Klein shook his hands, casting Steel Maveti and the peacock-blue Flying Carpet before him. He wanted to complete the Grazing before Maveti's Spirit Body began to dissipate.

After discarding the Flying Carpet, he stepped forward, extended his left hand, and spread his five fingers over the still-warm corpse.

Creeping Hunger revealed its true appearance--a thin material that seemed to be made of human skin.

Two eyes split open in the center of its palm. Their pupils were bright red, as though dyed in blood.

Whoosh!

A bone-chilling wind suddenly swept through the alley. It swirled around Steel Maveti's corpse and twisted into an almost transparent human figure. One could vaguely make out thick lips and curls of hair resembling steel beads.

Maveti's Spirit Body wore an expression of abnormal pain as he desperately resisted Creeping Hunger's suction. Meanwhile, grayish-white and blackish-green motes of light surged like a galaxy, rapidly flying out of his body and merging into the transparent figure.

No!

Maveti emitted a soundless scream. It was already too late to beg for mercy. He could only be dragged desperately into the human-skin glove, becoming attached to an empty finger and revealing the Beyonder characteristic that connected with the environment to a certain extent.

This connection determined which powers would be available when Grazing Steel Maveti's soul. There might be one, two, or no more than three. Before the powers became fixed, Klein had no control over their number or nature. It was entirely random.

Creeping Hunger rapidly concealed its pallor and finally returned to its disguised state: an ordinary black glove.

Klein closed his eyes and sensed the changes for several seconds before releasing a deep sigh.

This time, his luck wasn't bad, but neither was it especially good.

He had successfully obtained three of Steel Maveti's Beyonder powers, but he hadn't received what he wanted most--a body as hard as steel, impervious to bullets, flames, and explosives beneath a certain level, coupled with tenacious vitality.

The first is a Zombie's power, which allows me to unleash a critical blow, compensating for my former weakness of having only a nimble fighting style. The second is mastery over ice. Although I can't condense an ice spear or create a blizzard like the Demoness pathway to launch a direct attack, I can freeze the surrounding ground, lower the air temperature, and effectively hinder an enemy's movements. If I make physical contact, I can even freeze the enemy's body or stiffen his flesh and blood. It complements my combat abilities perfectly. The third is the manipulation of zombies. Heh heh, I no longer need to worry about having no partners for a round of cards... Klein considered this briefly, then bent down to inspect the items on Steel Maveti's person.

He quickly found 26 pounds, 11 soli, and 8 pence in cash, as well as an assortment of strange objects that appeared ordinary, such as candles, clips, and a thorny whip.

Considering that Steel Maveti belonged to the Rose School of Thought and was the type of person who indulged his desires, Klein vaguely understood what was going on. He spat on the ground and took only the money.

Werewolves possess supernatural healing powers, while Zombies have bodies like steel. He truly had no need to carry medicine or items related to healing... It's just as Danitz concluded: Maveti doesn't possess any mystical items... That's right, mystical items are rare to begin with. Many have obvious flaws and negative effects. Not everyone can obtain one merely because they want one. Previously, among that group comprising a Wraith, a Zombie, and a Werewolf, there were only two mystical items--the Scarlet Lunar Corona and the Biological Poison Bottle... Klein nodded and took out a folded sheet of paper.

He unfolded the yellowed paper and placed it over Steel Maveti's face.

It was a bounty notice bearing Maveti's portrait and the corresponding reward: "6,000 pounds!"

Klein straightened, took a step back, stepped onto the peacock-blue carpet, and pulled out a paper figurine.

Pa!

With a swing of his arm and a flick of his wrist, he threw out the paper figurine. It burst into flame before scattering into ash.

Immediately afterward, he melted into shadow and vanished from the alley along with the items.

Two or three minutes later, Cordoba Roye rushed over with part of the Mandated Punisher team, just in time to see a cool breeze lift the bounty notice and reveal Steel Maveti's dissolving flesh and blood and his wide-open eyes.

Whoosh. The bounty notice fell to one side, still facing upward.

Having lost all trace of their target, Cordoba and the others silently carried Steel's corpse back to the site of the battle.

Glancing at the team members examining the scene, Deacon Cordoba restrained his emotions and asked in a deep voice, "A believer of the Sun?"

This was the most important question for him and his diocese.

The Mandated Punisher responsible for using supernatural means to find clues and reconstruct the truth wasn't a Beyonder of the Storm pathway, but a Sequence 7 Knowledge Keeper of the Reader pathway, also known as a Detective. He didn't answer immediately. Instead, he walked over and crouched to examine Maveti's corpse.

After a while, he looked up and said, "Not a believer of the Sun. It was probably the result of a mystical item's powers."

"Why?" Cordoba asked with a frown.

The Mandated Punisher said, "There is an evil sensation here that stems from flesh and blood. One of the corpses was devoured in that manner, leaving only traces of the body and its possessions. If it were a Sun believer, he wouldn't do such a thing even with the aid of an item. To them, anything in the True Creator's domain is sacrilegious and requires immediate purification or sealing. They would be unlikely to borrow its power."

After thinking for several seconds, Cordoba agreed with the conclusion and asked, "Someone from the Aurora Order?"

"No. A true Rose Bishop or Shepherd wouldn't act so crudely. They would certainly wrap the corpse within their body and deal with the scene after leaving. There's no reason to dismember the body on the spot. It wastes time and leaves behind a collection of objects that could be considered valuable. Devouring him in such haste resembles the negative effect of a mystical item," the Knowledge Keeper said calmly.

"A mystical item possessing powers in both the Sun and Secrets Suppliant domains? Perhaps something with abilities like a Shepherd's? Berg, what's your opinion?" As a deacon, Cordoba had sufficient clearance to know about Shepherds and their special abilities. The Knowledge Keeper knew because of his position in the team. The other Mandated Punishers had no idea what they were discussing.

Knowledge Keeper Berg stood.

"All are possible."

"Any suspects?" Cordoba asked in a low voice.

Berg shook his head.

"There are no suspects for the time being.

"But one thing can be confirmed. Blood Brambles was killed by Blazing Danitz. The other person is his helper, a terrifying powerhouse no weaker than a Pirate Admiral."

"A terrifying powerhouse..." Cordoba's expression turned grave as he muttered under his breath. Then his eyes lit up. "Could it be Edwina? She can simulate certain Beyonder powers she has witnessed before!"

Knowledge Keeper Berg pondered for a moment before saying, "We can't rule out that possibility, but our intelligence indicates that she was near Sonia Island a few days ago.

"Unless--unless she can simulate a corresponding ability and use the spirit world to travel here."

Cordoba paced back and forth, looked around, and said, "Handle the scene, and don't draw the nearby residents' attention to it.

"I'll submit the mission report. Let us hope we receive more useful information."

This involved a powerhouse whose combat ability was at least equivalent to Sequence 5. He could only restrain his irascible temper and make the most rational decision.

Inside Old Quinn's house, in the basement sealed by a heavy stone door.

Alger sat on the low bed, quietly watching the candles on the table, when his vision blurred. He saw gray fog emanate, along with The Fool seated in a high-backed chair, looking down upon everything.

A blurred silhouette appeared below, hands clasped before his face as he said piously, "Honorable Mr. Fool, the matter has been successfully concluded."

The matter has been successfully concluded? This involved Steel Maveti and several other Beyonders... The World is certainly efficient. His strength surpasses what I expected. As expected of Mr. Fool's Blessed... Heh heh, he may be able to sell another Beyonder characteristic at the Tarot Club, perhaps even more than one... How did he evade the effects of Sealed Artifact 2-37? Is it something unique to a god's Blessed? A thought flashed through Alger's mind, and he instinctively thanked Mr. Fool.

Then he took out a small metal bottle and smeared mint extract beneath his nose.

The strong, pungent odor surged into his head, instantly leaving Alger exceptionally clearheaded.

At some point, a white gauze mask had appeared in his hands, and he poured Full Moon Essence Oil onto it.

After methodically putting on the mask, Alger rose and slowly approached the heavy stone door.

Moving methodically, he retrieved a sealed metal canister from inside his clothes, twisted the mechanical switch, and pulled out a tube.

Then he pushed the tube through a crack in the stone door and extended it outside.

Without a sound, the gas in the metal container began to escape.

This was the Sanguine anesthetic gas provided by The Moon, Emlyn!

It could knock out strong ordinary people, Sequence 9 Beyonders with robust bodies, and even higher-Sequence Beyonders who lacked physical resilience!

Even if Old Quinn can resist the gas, he will still be significantly affected. As for his helpers and friends, heh... Alger leaned against the stone door and waited patiently.

When nearly a third of the gas had dispersed from the canister, he withdrew the tube and closed the switch.

He turned and listened attentively, receiving a satisfactory answer.

Alger revealed a faint smile. He rapidly drew in his aura and compressed it within himself.

Suddenly, the muscles across his body bulged, and he punched forward.

Raging Blow!

Bang!

The iron lock on the heavy stone door shattered, and the door itself swung open.

Alger withdrew his fist and walked out, leaving only sleeping figures behind.

Author's Note: Creeping Hunger has two modes, Grazing and Devouring. The former targets the soul and Beyonder characteristic, while the latter targets flesh and blood.

Chapter 529: Tacit Understanding

Outside the Wind of Azure Inn at 48 Acid Lemon Street.

Dressed in a thick jacket and pantaloons, Blazing Danitz returned by a circuitous route. He pressed himself against the corner of a wall and remained motionless for a long time, hesitating over whether to seize the opportunity to flee and never again face the terrifying madman Gehrman Sparrow.

Unlike the battle at Bansy Harbor, this time he had hidden on a distant rooftop, allowing him to take in the entire battlefield. Thus, while supporting Gehrman Sparrow and fighting Blood Brambles Hendry, he had finally witnessed the crazy adventurer's combat methods and gained a grasp of his Beyonder powers and traits.

Paper Figurine Substitutes, traveling through flames, psychic attacks, a holy beam from the Sun domain, firing Air Bullets with his fingers, the ability to disguise himself as another person, and a glove that changed appearance several times and devoured Squall. His powers far exceed my imagination, and several of them are incompatible with one another. This can't be explained simply by adding one or two mystical items to a particular Sequence... Furthermore, that sense of hunger from the depths of my soul explains something... That glove belonging to Vice Admiral Hurricane--Creeping Hunger! Captain specifically warned us that the glove can Graze the souls of many Beyonders and use their powers... Danitz reviewed his earlier thoughts and reached a final conclusion.

Gehrman Sparrow is Creeping Hunger's present owner!

He didn't feel the slightest contempt simply because Gehrman had relied on a powerful mystical item to display such terrifying strength. Instead, he felt even greater reverence for him.

There were two reasons. First, using a mystical item to its full potential depended largely on the wielder's abilities. Without sufficient strength and extraordinary combat experience, even someone with Creeping Hunger couldn't have finished Steel Maveti and Calm Squall within ten seconds.

Second, his Captain, Vice Admiral Edwina Edwards, had learned from secret sources that Vice Admiral Hurricane hadn't died at the hands of the Church of Storms. Instead, he had been swiftly slain by a particular powerhouse while fleeing.

Danitz understood perfectly well how powerful Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos had been at his peak. He knew that a powerhouse capable of easily finishing him off would stand among the mightiest pirates. Indeed, such a person would rank with the two most powerful and terrifying figures, the King of the Five Seas and Queen Mystic!

Although surprise played a role, that would lower the assessment only slightly. The person wouldn't be much weaker than the King of Immortality and would be stronger than Admiral Hell and the Admiral of Blood... Creeping Hunger now belongs to Gehrman Sparrow. That means either he killed Qilangos, or a powerful figure on the level of the Four Kings stands behind him. Either possibility is far more terrifying than I originally expected! Danitz's body tensed. He truly didn't wish to face the adventurer with mad blood flowing through his veins.

Phew... He exhaled. He felt he had hesitated there too long and needed to decide at once.

Gehrman Sparrow knows divination, and he's quite confident in his abilities in that domain. With my Shadow Cloak in his possession, attempting to escape will not only fail but also infuriate him... The Shadow Cloak is a rare mystical item... Gritting his teeth, Danitz turned the corner, entered the inn, and went all the way to the luxurious suite.

After waiting and observing cautiously for several seconds, Danitz took out his key and opened the door.

The room was dark, the gas wall lamps unlit. The dim light of early morning shone through the window and fell upon Gehrman Sparrow, who faced the door.

The adventurer had changed back into his usual black tweed coat and dark trousers. He held a half top hat in one hand, with his right ankle resting on his left thigh.

He leaned back slightly, his face obscured because the window was behind him. Only his exceptionally clear dark brown eyes watched the door with indifference and composure.

Danitz unconsciously lowered his head, laughed dryly, and said, "Following your instructions, I went around to several news agencies, wrote the information that Blazing killed Steel Maveti, Blood Brambles Hendry, and Squall on pieces of paper, and threw them inside.

"Of course, I mentioned that he had a powerful helper--a mysterious and unknown top adventurer and veteran bounty hunter."

Klein nodded and revealed a courteous smile.

"Very good."

With a sigh of relief, Danitz looked around and saw the peacock-blue carpet.

He stared blankly for several seconds before asking in puzzlement, "What about Steel's and Hendry's heads?"

Klein calmly replied, "I didn't take them."

"You didn't take them?" Danitz exclaimed in astonishment. "Then what about our bounty?"

As long as they possessed Steel's and Blood Brambles' heads, he could collect the corresponding bounties through people with connections. Although doing so would cost them fifteen to thirty percent of the proceeds, as a pirate he couldn't claim the bounties himself. This was the only way. The military and Church used bounties to encourage pirates to kill one another, but that didn't mean they would turn a blind eye to a gift that came walking through their door.

To Danitz's surprise, Gehrman Sparrow, whose eyes appeared crazed with a thirst for money, had actually failed to take Steel's and Blood Brambles' heads. That meant he had voluntarily abandoned the bounty.

Klein didn't answer. He pointed to the Flying Carpet on the floor.

"You helped with this. You have two choices.

"One is 3,000 pounds in cash. The other is this Flying Carpet.

"You have five seconds to decide. Exceeding the time limit will count as forfeiture."

Three thousand pounds in cash or the Flying Carpet? This Flying Carpet appears capable only of hovering and flying. Furthermore, it isn't very fast, so it isn't particularly useful... No, at sea, for a Beyonder who doesn't belong to the Sailor pathway, such an item is very precious. At the very least, there would be no need to worry about what happens after a ship sinks... Danitz was momentarily caught in a dilemma.

Then he heard Gehrman Sparrow begin counting.

"Three..."

Danitz's heart skipped a beat, and he hurriedly said, "The Flying Carpet!"

Klein nodded. "All right."

Knowing that Gehrman possessed great credibility, Danitz finally relaxed. Then he grumbled, "Why didn't you count five and four?"

Wasn't it supposed to be five seconds!?

Without changing his expression, Klein replied, "I counted them inwardly."

Counted inwardly... Danitz drew a deep breath and grimaced.

Klein slowly rose, flicked his wrist, and tossed the hat from his hand. It landed securely on the rack, and he walked toward his bedroom.

Cathedral of Waves.

Entering under the pretext of attending morning prayers, Alger met the diocesan bishop Chogo and recounted everything that had happened the previous night. The only alteration was that the Sanguine anesthetic gas became a Slumber Charm from the Church of Evernight.

Chogo nodded approvingly.

"To venture deep into the enemy's lair and risk death for the sake of your faith is an act worthy of praise. You are a true attendant of the Storm.

"Last night, we captured five Beyonders and killed two on the spot. As a result of this operation, Maveti, Hendry, and Squall are also dead. The heads of those three pirates will either never appear or will be in our possession, so the government bounties will belong to us.

"The total reward will exceed 10,000 pounds, and you will receive the largest share: 6,000 pounds.

"Do not refuse. The Lord has told us that those who fight for their faith need not be modest."

"Holy Lord of Storms!" An excited Alger pounded his left chest with his fist.

Although he and The World hadn't agreed on how to divide the spoils, he believed they had reached a tacit understanding. For instance, they weren't to interfere with each other's gains when hunting pirates. Since the bounty had to be laundered through the Church, they would split it equally.

As for bounties offered by countries and organizations such as Intis and Feysac, Alger held no expectations. Every time a bounty was claimed, the claimant had to surrender the target's corpse or head. Therefore, only one party could be chosen. Only those with powerful backgrounds and good relations with various countries and organizations could collect them all.

Three thousand pounds will belong to The World... If I lose 3,000 pounds all at once, it will arouse suspicion. Yes, I'll have to find an opportunity to purchase a mystical item. Such things are rare and therefore often overpriced, especially in times of urgent need. No one will doubt that I spent 5,000 pounds on an item worth 3,000... If I sell the items obtained from Old Quinn, including those he had received, the accounts will balance... Alger quickly devised a plan for what came next.

Knowing that 3,000 pounds awaited him, Klein sat happily in The Fool's high-backed chair and contemplated a serious question.

After Grazing Steel Maveti, he had to release one of Creeping Hunger's souls, as he had promised.

Their Beyonder powers are all quite useful. It would be a pity to release one before finding a replacement. Yes... Besides, I already released that Faceless. There doesn't seem to be a need to do so this time... Hesitation and reluctance stirred in Klein's heart, throwing him into a dilemma. He couldn't reach a decision.

After a long while, he leaned back and exhaled.

I can't deceive myself. He shook his head and laughed, relaxing once he had made up his mind.

He decided to keep his promise and release a soul.

The previous Faceless had been released ahead of time because he wanted to obtain corresponding information. That had already constituted an equal exchange.

Which one should I release? Miss Justice purchased the materials for the Psychiatrist potion and a mystical item worth 5,500 pounds. Even if she's wealthy, her finances should be strained, so it wouldn't be appropriate to sell the Psychiatrist characteristic at this time. Yes, she still owes my Blessed 2,000 pounds and will repay the money in February or March... Klein rejected that option and decided to release the Nightmare.

As a former Nighthawk, he had always felt an affinity and gratitude toward Beyonders of that domain based on his impressions and emotions. Therefore, with no other factors to consider, the choice wasn't difficult.

After calming himself, Klein picked up the human-skin glove he had previously brought above the gray fog. He closed his eyes and began sensing the distorted souls.

Without hesitation, he released the Nightmare.

Chapter 530: Chronicles

The Nightmare appeared beside the long bronze table.

He was a man in his thirties with black hair, blue eyes, a long, thin face, and prominent nasolabial folds. A beard that wasn't especially thick covered the area around his mouth and chin.

As the pain and distortion subsided, he pressed a hand to his chest and bowed solemnly.

Compared to the previous Faceless, the Nightmare was plainly less muddle-headed and weak after being released. It was unclear whether the Evernight pathway strengthened the soul more than the Seer pathway did, or whether it was because the Grazing had occurred only recently.

Klein sighed inwardly and began questioning him through spirit channeling. "Why did you die at Qilangos's hands?"

The corner of the Nightmare's mouth curled slightly, revealing a bitter smile.

"I'm a Red Glove of the Nighthawks. I was tracking a collection of ancient chronicles originating from a Balam imperial tomb. We suspected they were connected to the reason for Death's passing.

"I discovered that some of them might have fallen into the hands of a certain tycoon, so I led two companions aboard the ship he was traveling on. Unfortunately, just as we were about to begin our investigation, Qilangos's fleet attacked us."

"What happened to your companions?" Klein subconsciously asked.

The Nightmare said in a slightly pained voice, "Through our skillful teamwork, we originally had the chance to escape and even kill Qilangos, but our ship sank, forcing us into a lifeboat. Everyone, everyone died. No--they were killed in the line of duty!"

May the Goddess bless you... Klein inwardly drew a crimson moon.

This made him even more aware of the enormous difference between fighting at sea and fighting on land--environmental factors were critically important.

Beyonders who didn't belong to the Sailor pathway were at a tremendous disadvantage!

Had the Flying Carpet not been so large, cumbersome, and slow, making him an easy target, Klein would have chosen to keep it and give Danitz the money.

Fortunately, I have a murloc's bladder. I can find an Artisan to turn it into a mystical item that allows me to swim underwater... Unfortunately, Artisans are very difficult to find. Most belong to the Church of the God of Steam and Machinery, and few are unaffiliated. Otherwise, mystical items wouldn't be so rare. If worst comes to worst, I'll ask Mr. Hanged Man for help... Klein looked at the Nightmare who had died in the line of duty and leaned back before asking softly, "What is your name? What unfulfilled wishes do you have?"

The Nightmare's figure was already slowly dissipating. Hearing Klein's question, he smiled and said, "My name is Davy Raymond. I lost my parents, wife, and siblings in an incident involving black magic, leaving me with only one daughter, Neelu. She was born in 1330 and is a very lovely girl. I'm ashamed to say that, in order to investigate the truth behind the black magic incident, I joined the Nighthawks and later became a Red Glove. I failed to spend time with her, causing her to lose her father as well as her mother.

"Heh heh, I believe the Church will certainly give her my pension and secretly provide her with a certain amount of assistance. I'm not worried about her livelihood. I only hope to see her marry under the Goddess's witness, have a family of her own, and no longer be lonely."

"It's already 1350. She may already have someone she intends to marry," Klein said with a wistful sigh.

"Time flies..." Davy Raymond murmured in response. "Tell her that all the culprits have been punished and that I died in an accident. She no longer needs to hate anyone. Tell her Daddy loves her and that Daddy is very sorry..."

His figure grew increasingly transparent and was about to vanish.

Klein closed his eyes and asked, "Where does she live?

"What is the name of the tycoon who collected Death's chronicles?"

"We lived in Conant City, Desi County. It's a beautiful seaside city, with abundant rubber plantations nearby. If she hasn't moved, she'll be living at 67 Red Indus Street. The tycoon's name is Jimmy Necker. He probably fell into Qilangos's hands as well..." Before Davy Raymond could finish, his figure completely disappeared, leaving only a deep black, gem-like object on the surface of the glove.

Klein quietly watched the scene. After several seconds, he raised his right hand and tapped his chest four times clockwise. Then he said in a deep voice, "If I have the opportunity, I'll visit your daughter and see how she is doing."

In the palace that resembled a giant's residence, the fog was endless, eternally unchanging, without the slightest ripple.

Klein put away Davy Raymond's Beyonder characteristic, rubbed his forehead, and turned his attention back to Death's chronicles.

The Death pathway and the Evernight pathway are interchangeable at the higher Sequences. There's nothing strange about the Church sending personnel to investigate the relevant chronicles... I wonder whether Jimmy Necker is dead. I'll need to investigate... If he has already perished in some tragic incident and the item fell into Qilangos's hands, I'll have to investigate from the pirates' side... Qilangos's crew now belongs to Vice Admiral Ailment, Tracy...

Since it involves Death, it might be of some help to Mr. Azik. Klein decided to investigate it in passing. If he encountered any difficulties, he could write directly to the powerhouse.

After clearing his thoughts, he quickly returned to the real world and used the ritual to summon Creeping Hunger back.

Once everything was done, he saw that it was already too late to catch up on sleep and abandoned the idea. He decided to summarize the experiences and lessons from the previous night's operation.

The greatest lesson Klein had learned was that he had overestimated the Mandated Punishers' patience.

He had originally hoped that, even if something unexpected happened at the beginning, the Mandated Punishers would restrain themselves and wait for the true target, the main quarry, Steel Maveti, to appear.

When that happened, they would definitely use the Sealed Artifact capable of drawing many people into a dream, restraining all the unaffiliated Beyonders who had involved themselves in the assault. As for me, because of my uniqueness, I'd be able to realize that I was dreaming and forcibly break free. Then I could calmly deal with Steel Maveti and his helpers, achieving an instant kill and carrying away two corpses... Yet the moment the incident began, those irascible fellows charged inside. They didn't even leave a backup team to guard against contingencies. At most, they had the wielder of the Sealed Artifact remain at the perimeter with one or two guards... The more Klein thought about it, the less he knew whether to laugh or cry.

If Steel Maveti's group of pirates hadn't been comparatively cautious and assigned at least two Beyonders, together with all their puppets and zombies, to obstruct any Mandated Punishers who pursued them, Klein would probably have found himself in a two-against-five situation. Had that happened, he would have chosen to abandon the plan and make a strategic retreat.

What satisfied Klein most was that he had done quite well in making targeted preparations.

This was the professional habit of a Magician!

Because he had long ago learned the traits of the Mutant pathway's first five Sequences from Miss Sharron and Maric, Klein knew perfectly well that Steel Maveti, having passed through the Lunatic stage, could use irrational factors to resist Beyonder interference and influences on his mind. He possessed very strong resistance in that regard. Therefore, Klein abandoned the idea of using the Psychiatrist's Dragon Might and Frenzy, as well as the Nightmare, which was clearly weaker than the Mandated Punishers' Sealed Artifact. Instead, he focused on the Interrogator's Psychic Piercing and the Priest of Light's purification powers.

Psychic Piercing wasn't a Beyonder power that disrupted thoughts and affected the soul, but a means of directly attacking the Spirit Body. In essence, the other effects acted upon the Body of Heart and Mind, while this targeted the Soul Body. There was a clear distinction between them.

If any part of that combination had failed to connect, Steel Maveti would have recovered, making it impossible for me to kill him quickly. In that environment, that would have meant failure. Yes... I also exploited the pathway's trait of surrendering to desire, which makes their emotions easy to grasp. I believed that once they suffered a psychic attack, there was a high probability they would madly counterattack without considering anything else...

In fact, the safest way to deal with a Zombie would be to arrange matchsticks in advance or bring Danitz. I could use Flaming Jump and Light of Holiness to kite Maveti. He would want to fight but be completely unable to reach me. He couldn't escape even if he wanted to. Danitz would only need to send over a fireball, and I could catch up with him. Unfortunately, that would waste too much time, and the circumstances didn't permit it...

Klein sighed, took out his pocket watch, snapped it open, and checked the time.

Seeing that it was nearly nine in the morning, he turned the door handle and walked out of the bedroom.

At that moment, Danitz lay in a reclining chair, snoring like a steam engine operating in the room.

He was quite vigilant, opening his eyes and sitting up the moment Klein emerged.

"Are you going out?" Danitz asked when he saw Gehrman Sparrow remove his hat from the coat rack.

"Yes." Klein maintained his persona and didn't explain that he intended to act by helping someone confess his love.

What about me? Steel Maveti and almost all his men are dead, so I don't have to worry about them anymore... Even if the newspapers don't publish the news, I can spread it myself. Idle pirates and adventurers will use it as material for boasting, spreading the matter across the sea until Captain hears of it. Those dogshit fellows can't do anything but drink and brag, but even so, they still have their uses... Danitz thought for a moment before asking with hidden apprehension, "Mr. Sparrow, can I--can I leave now?"

Klein revealed a faint smile.

"You have always been free."

That's right... He didn't capture me this time. I was merely seeking his help... I've always been free! Danitz was stunned for a moment before delight welled within him.

But at that instant, he heard Gehrman Sparrow's voice drift lightly toward him.

"But that ends now."

Huh? What? Danitz looked confused.

It took him no fewer than three seconds to understand what Gehrman Sparrow meant.

He had been captured again!

"Why?" Danitz demanded, both angry and aggrieved.

Klein put on his hat and said in a low voice, "I want to meet your Captain."

Danitz's eyes widened. He abruptly stood and shouted, "What do you want?"

This fellow is a little too agitated... Klein calmly replied, "I have some questions for her."

Chapter 531: Great Acting

He has some questions for Captain?

Danitz frowned as he watched Gehrman Sparrow leave the room, unsure what his real motive was.

What is this fellow really after? Money? Riches? He had time to take the heads of Steel Maveti and Blood Brambles Hendry and exchange them for nearly 10,000 pounds in bounties. Yes, even after paying the commissions, it would still amount to seven or eight thousand pounds. Yet he didn't do so. Moreover, he generously shared the spoils of war with me. This is very contradictory. When he first heard that I was Blazing, his first reaction was to call me a 3,000-pound bounty... In Captain's words, this isn't scientific...

Why would he deliberately give up the bounty? Unless... Unless he has a better way to claim it safely, or he deliberately left it for someone? Yes... He had been prepared for the Mandated Punishers' appearance... H-he has his own connections and sources of information! That explains everything!

There's also the demigod who might have killed Qilangos. Hmm, there's a powerful, secretive organization behind Gehrman Sparrow!

Shocked by his own conjecture, Danitz instinctively tried to use his body language to express his feelings, but he forgot that his left arm was still fractured. He immediately grimaced in pain.

This made him feel even more terrified. He didn't want his captain to meet such a dangerous and crazy fellow.

He even suspected that Gehrman Sparrow's real motive was his captain's 26,000-pound bounty!

In a duel, that lunatic might not necessarily beat Captain, and there are still the first mate, second mate, third mate, and several boatswains. But he has a terrifying organization backing him! You want to hurt Captain? Over my dead body! Danitz puffed out his chest, raised his chin, and was filled with a stirring sense of self-sacrifice.

He ran a hand through his hair, gave a long grunt, and said to himself, "I'll make further observations. Perhaps Gehrman Sparrow really only has questions that he wants answered."

Subconsciously, he looked around and found both the Flying Carpet and the Shadow Cloak still there.

In other words, Gehrman Sparrow left my belongings behind. Isn't he afraid that I'll take the opportunity to escape? Or did he steal one of my hairs to make it easier to divine my whereabouts?

No, no, he's a crazy guy. Even if he wishes to use my hair, he would just walk over and extend his hand to pull one out. It's impossible for him to do it secretly... Right, there's a powerful and secretive organization behind him! Perhaps, at this moment, there are people from that organization secretly monitoring me. They're waiting for me to leave, waiting for me to seek out Captain... How insidious!

Gehrman Sparrow must've gone out on purpose! Danitz felt that, thanks to his experience and wisdom, he had grasped the truth of the matter.

He paced back and forth before sitting down again in the reclining chair. Then, with a silent, mocking smile, he thought:

I'm not leaving!

I want to see what you can do!

I will not bring danger to Captain!

At a quarter past three in the afternoon, on Symeem Island.

This island was also part of the Rorsted Archipelago, but it was the farthest from the City of Generosity, Bayam. It took nearly five hours to reach by liner.

On the way, Klein bought a local-style suit and a small suitcase to hold the clothes he changed out of, for a total of fourteen soli. Together, they didn't even cost a pound.

It's really cheap. It's mere change compared to the price of a complete suit... Wearing pantaloons, a thick brown jacket, and a light brown cap, Klein disembarked from the liner with an inconspicuous native face and entered one of Symeem Island's old ports. He had spent time buying clothes and changing his appearance, causing him to miss the nine o'clock ferry and leaving him with no choice but to take the one at ten.

Thinking of the expenses he had incurred for this performance, he couldn't help but calculate his current financial situation.

The Faceless characteristic sold for 3,825 pounds. The pirate bounties netted me 3,000 pounds. Although I haven't received the 6,825 pounds yet, I can basically include it in my budget as long as Mr. Hanged Man isn't exposed...

The cash left over from Donna and company's gratuity adds up to 255 pounds in bits and pieces...

I found 26 pounds, 11 soli, and 8 pence from Steel Maveti's body...

Yes, there are also the five gold coins in reserve...

I haven't spent much money recently, only a little more than a pound in total. That's something to be happy about...

With that, I'll have 7,110 pounds. Moreover, I still have the Nightmare Beyonder characteristic and the murloc's bladder. They're still worth something.

On second thought, I earned a 3,000-pound bounty along with a Zombie Beyonder characteristic. The latter is worth about 3,000 to 5,000 pounds. That is to say, I earned about 7,000 pounds... This is only from Steel Maveti, Blood Brambles Hendry, and Squall. Besides, quite a lot went to waste... Indeed, hunting pirates is quite a good job. It allows me to administer justice, punish evil, protect the weak and innocent, and become rich overnight...

Klein subconsciously turned his head to the side, only to see that the seawater was much clearer than Bayam's. It was like a huge, sparkling green gem reflecting golden rays in the sunlight.

Sure enough, there is a reason generations of adventurers have gone to sea in search of wealth. Even if I deduct the cost of the remnant spirituality of ancient wraiths, eyes from a six-winged gargoyle, spring water from Sonia Island's Golden Spring, and the other supplementary ingredients for a Marionettist, I'll still have enough money left to buy a decent manor here, in Desi Bay, in the Southern Continent's colonies, or in a nonmetropolitan area... Loen's countryside is said to be very beautiful, and if it turns out that I'm truly unable to return, I can consider settling down in a similar place... Yes, I still have a 10% stake in the Backlund Bike Company, and my future returns won't be low... Filled with confidence, Klein straightened his back and thought about the future.

After letting his thoughts wander, Klein began to think about the more realistic question, which was whether he should sell the Nightmare Beyonder characteristic, find an opportunity to return it to the Church of Evernight, or create a mystical item with it through an Artisan.

It depends on the situation. The ideal solution would be to sell it to the Church... The martyr, Klein, who had taken two potions from the Nighthawks, thought with uncertainty.

At the same time, he hoped that Little Sun would soon reach Sequence 7 and be qualified to gain clearance to the methods used to remove the mental corruption from a Beyonder characteristic.

As for releasing the Priest of Light from the glove, he was in no hurry. Little Sun had only just received the Sequence 7 potion formula, so he had no need for it at the moment. He would have to wait a long time, and the powers of a Priest of Light were extremely effective against a pirate like Admiral of Blood--far more so than the Sun Brooch.

As his thoughts slowly settled down, Klein entered the small port town.

The place was basically filled with natives. Their skin was nearly bronze, and their black hair had slight, natural curls. Their bodies emitted a scent that was derived from prolonged contact with spices.

After changing his appearance and asking about Raine's situation and whether there was any news of Wendt's death, Klein found a secluded corner. He wiped his face with his hand, transforming into the tall, thin Wendt, whose facial features were rather distinctive.

He carried his suitcase and circled around the town to its border. It was then that he saw the winery run by Raine's family.

The flaxen-haired girl could no longer be called a young girl. She had clearly matured a great deal since Wendt last remembered her.

She was sweeping the entrance, and there was no one around.

Phew... Klein took a deep breath and slowly let it out, feeling as though he had been placed in a very difficult position.

As an experienced keyboard warrior, he knew of theories like method acting and experiential acting, but his understanding went no deeper. He could only try to imagine Wendt's feelings and how he would behave in this situation.

Finally, he closed his eyes and walked over.

Raine looked up when she heard footsteps, finally identifying the visitor.

She opened her mouth slightly and let out a half-surprised exclamation before saying with a straight face, "Why are you suddenly back?"

Remember, you're just acting... Klein revealed a smile.

"I came to bid you farewell."

He spoke in a local dialect with a faint Bayam accent.

The language of the Rorsted Archipelago was also derived from ancient Feysac and constituted another variant of it. As half a historian, Klein could master it easily, and doing so had taken him only a short time.

"Farewell?" Raine asked, slightly surprised.

Klein turned his head, looked to the side, and smiled.

"I'm going to chase after a treasure trove, and I don't know when I'll be able to come back.

"When the time comes, I'll return with a great deal of money. I'll buy a manor in the suburbs, plant some rubber trees, set up a vineyard, have my own mill, wine cellar, and blacksmith shop, and fill the air with the scent of all kinds of spices. Then, I'll buy a few slaves and hire some servants, just like those masters. Heh heh, but I'll still be short of one thing."

Suppressing the goosebumps that threatened to rise on his skin, he turned and looked Raine in the eye.

"I still lack a wife and a mistress for the manor.

"Raine, I like you. I wish to marry you. I'm not saying it today to get an answer, but because I'm afraid I might never have another chance to tell you."

After listening quietly, Raine suddenly shouted, "Wendt, you're a coward!"

Ah... This reaction isn't right... Klein deliberately revealed a surprised expression.

Raine suppressed her voice and said, "Three years ago, three freaking years ago, I was already prepared to head to Bayam with you. Yet, you didn't say anything in the end! You coward! You chicken!

"What's the use of telling me now? You're going to sea soon, and you may never come back!"

The more she spoke, the more agitated she became.

"You've said it out loud, so now you're happy. You have no regrets, but what about me? I'll have to keep waiting for you to return and live on in pain? You selfish bastard!"

She waved the broom in her hand and swung it towards Wendt.

Klein knew that the real Wendt would have knocked the broom aside, hugged the girl, and told her that he wasn't going out to sea again, but he couldn't do the same. He had to let himself be chased away in disgrace, running all the way to a nearby alley. There, he struck his head against the wall while silently cursing himself.

It was too f**king awkward!

This is too f**king awkward!

Raine went back to the door, picked up a broom, and crouched down.

Her face was ashen, and no one knew what she was thinking.

Vaguely, she heard a sound, and she fell asleep.

After using the charm, Klein turned around and nudged Raine, who sat on the ground leaning against the wall. Then he quickly left the area and hid at a distance to observe the results.

Raine soon awoke and realized that she had fallen asleep without noticing. Everything that had just happened seemed like a dream.

She remained sitting there, motionless for quite a while.

Suddenly, she lowered her head and let out a sharp curse that seemed to come from the depths of her throat.

"Wendt, you selfish bastard!"

Sigh... Feeling the faintest sensation of his potion digesting, Klein changed his appearance and left.

He would have to spend the night on Symeem Island, as there were no liners headed for Bayam until the morning.

Chapter 532: Lord "Caucasian"

After changing his face and turning onto one of the two main streets, Klein went straight to the green mailbox and took a letter he had prepared long ago from his pocket.

This was a "death notice" he had forged in imitation of an official police document. It was addressed to the sergeant of Symeem Harbor and concerned the sudden death in Bayam of a local resident, Wendt.

When deciding to do the acting, Klein had worked out a plan to keep things on track and not cause irreparable damage to the girl, Raine.

His plan was to use the Slumber Charm to make the actual performance seem like a dream. This way, if Raine had no love for Wendt, she would reject his confession outright. After hearing of Wendt's death, she wouldn't feel guilty, only somewhat frightened at most. Going to church to pray and confess would effectively put her at ease.

If Raine also liked Wendt and responded to the confession, then the dream would give Klein a chance to extricate himself from the situation. The notification of Wendt's death would put an end to Raine's hopes without having too negative an impact on her future life.

But even so, it's still a bit cruel. No matter what kind of woman she is, having a man confess to her in a dream after his death is bound to be heartbreaking. She won't be able to recover for a long time.

Well... If I hadn't done anything, Raine would definitely have felt very sad when the news of Wendt's death reached her, even if it might not have been as serious. However, the knot in her heart would never have been untied, and she would have spent the rest of her life wondering whether Wendt had gone adventuring to secure a future for them both, or if he simply didn't like her...

Ending things this way isn't so bad. Once she has overcome her pain, she will go through life with the comfort of knowing that she was once truly loved.

Sigh... Regardless, forcibly interfering in others' lives for the sake of acting and affecting an innocent person's life to some degree, even under the pretext of fulfilling a wish, isn't truly kind. Just as Roselle said, the farther one advances along a Beyonder pathway, the more twisted and evil it feels. The acting method might even be a catalyst... All I can do is try my best to minimize such effects... After mailing the letter, Klein exhaled and, wearing an inconspicuous native face, walked to the only inn in town.

Along the way, he summarized his earlier experience. "Disguising yourself as someone else and obtaining feedback" was likely a central tenet of the Faceless principles, second only to "you can disguise yourself as anyone, but you are ultimately yourself."

If it were any other Faceless, they would've suppressed the news of Wendt's death for the sake of the role. They would have accepted Raine's feelings, spent a year or two in a relationship with her, married her, and had children with her. Then, to avoid being bound by the identity's various relationships, they would remember who they truly were and leave coldly... If they weren't exposed during the process, most of the potion would be digested... But I really can't do it! It's completely against my conscience! I can only try to push the limits... Klein sighed, inexplicably afraid.

He shook his head and thought with silent self-deprecation, Beyonders not only have to constantly fight threats and madness, but also all kinds of evil thoughts and the corruption that drags them down and can make them fall if they aren't careful...

Even so, at the end of the day, one might still be corrupted by the abyss, becoming a monster that one swears to get rid of. Sigh...

Suppressing his thoughts, Klein stepped into the inn and said to the boss behind the counter, "An ordinary room."

The thin boss glanced up and said, "A valid ID certificate."

How can a face I just came up with have one? Klein smiled in embarrassment.

"I forgot to bring it."

"Then you cannot stay here. That's the rule in our town." The boss lowered his head again and continued calculating the day's income and expenses.

Klein took out a soli note and pushed it over as if nothing had happened.

The boss's eyes suddenly widened.

"No, no, put it away! I don't want to be locked up by the sergeant!

"Get out, get out, you dirty bastard with no proof of identity."

Klein was thrown out of the inn in a daze, unable to believe that the omnipotent entity known as money had just lost its power.

After a few seconds of silence, he ducked into an empty alleyway and turned back into the stark-featured Gehrman Sparrow.

Klein returned to the inn, tapped on the counter, and said Loenese in a Backlund accent, "A room."

The boss looked up and immediately put down what he was holding. He then stood and nodded with a smile.

"Okay, okay.

"Do you need a room with a view of the sea, or something quieter?"

He switched to clumsy Loenese with a thick accent reminiscent of the land of spices, making no further mention of identification.

This really is a pragmatic world... Klein silently lampooned and politely responded, "Quiet."

"Yes, yes, immediately," the boss responded hurriedly.

Then he called an attendant, took the keys, and led Klein personally to the second floor.

"Sir, how many days will you be staying? It's 1 soli 5 pence a night."

"Just tonight." Unable to stand the enthusiasm, Klein answered succinctly.

At the Wind of Azure Inn, his luxurious suite with Danitz was five soli a night.

Without a doubt, the room the boss had chosen was clean and tidy, and there was no trace of the usual humidity in a harbor inn. Klein looked around and nodded in satisfaction.

"Excellent."

"It's my honor," the boss said obsequiously, his fear obvious.

Klein put down his luggage and rested for a while before returning to the ground floor for dinner.

Beside the counter, tables were arranged messily on the first floor. There was a greasy layer on their surface, and a fireplace was burning in the corner, giving off light and heat.

The Rorsted Archipelago lay somewhat to the south, and the lowest temperature in winter was only about 10 degrees Celsius. However, for the locals, this was still cold enough to require a fire for warmth.

Klein randomly found a seat and sat down, ordering a local specialty of grilled meat and spiced mushroom soup, with the main dish being potato bread.

While he was waiting, he swept his gaze over the customers inside the restaurant. His gaze then instinctively landed on a lady.

This lady's black hair was simply tied up, and she had a pair of distinctive greenish-gray eyes. Hers was the sort of appearance one wouldn't easily tire of; the longer he looked, the more intrigued he became.

She was obviously not a native, but she was wearing a man's shirt and a thick tan jacket. By her hand was a round-brimmed hat with a depression in the middle.

This was one of the more common adventurer outfits at sea. The other three men at her table were dressed the same way, and they all clearly appeared weather-beaten.

Klein had never hidden his appreciation of beautiful ladies, but it wasn't her appearance that drew his attention.

The sea was profoundly hostile to women. Those who managed to attain a certain status among adventurers and pirates were either very cunning, very powerful, or both. They were people one had to treat with caution!

Their boots have some fresh mud on them... Did they just come back from the forest? Heh heh, they really are adventurers... Klein made a preliminary judgment based on some clues.

If these four adventurers had come by ferry from Bayam, any sewage or mud they had stepped in would already have dried. Furthermore, as it hadn't rained in town for the past two days, the roads were generally clean and only slightly dusty. With those possibilities eliminated, the only explanation was that they had returned from a trip to the woods outside town.

Klein had heard that many adventurers ventured deep into the primeval forests of the colonial islands in search of abandoned, forgotten pagan temples or altars. Such sites often contained gold and jewels once offered in worship, only to be buried for various reasons in places no one knew. The islands' bars had no shortage of legends about people making fortunes overnight on expeditions into the woods.

There might be evil spirits lingering in those places... It would be better to hunt pirates, or for one to at least acquire the relevant information in advance... Klein retracted his eyes and concentrated on waiting for the food.

The seven Churches classified the various gods believed by the colony's primitive faiths as evil spirits, but Klein believed that some of them were natural spirits.

After a while, the specialty grilled meat was served. It had been cut into small pieces and threaded onto a wooden skewer, then coated with a reddish-brown sauce. Its aroma was rich and its color enticing.

It looks a little like the kebabs from my previous life... In Loen, they usually roast huge chunks of meat and slice them only after they're done... This method lets the flavors penetrate the meat better... Klein picked up the wooden skewer and bit into a piece. Its juices burst into his mouth, and beneath the savory aroma was a hint of sweetness.

It's my type! He nodded in satisfaction.

Klein enjoyed the meal and even tried the local "Gurney Sap," a specialty beverage resembling lemonade with sugar and milk.

He went back to his room. Because he had been hunting the night before, he hadn't slept at all. He washed up early, put out the fireplace, and got into bed. Sleeping too early meant one problem--he would wake up in the middle of the night to pee.

Klein's dream was interrupted. He opened his eyes and slowly accumulated the courage to lift his quilt.

In the middle of the night, Symeem was about 8 to 9 degrees Celsius, sufficiently cold to make itself felt.

After lying still for a while, Klein stretched out his arm and silently withdrew it.

He contemplated for a few seconds before reaching out his hand again and picking up the Sun Brooch from his bedside table.

Although it only produced the spiritual sensation of a hot summer rather than any actual heat, he could at least fool himself into thinking it wasn't cold.

Klein got out of bed and headed for the washroom.

He narrowed his eyes as he relieved the pressure in his lower abdomen.

When he was done, he pulled up his pants and was about to wash his hands when his spiritual perception was triggered.

Klein frowned slightly and looked up at the vent in the bathroom.

Suddenly, something black and slippery dropped and hung there.

It was a venomous snake extending its forked tongue!

Klein was startled. He opened his mouth and shouted, "Bang!"

The snake was struck and split in half.

What happened? Klein stared at it for a few seconds. Seeing no further movement, he walked out of the bathroom and pulled a gold coin from his pocket.

Chapter 533: Mr. 4,200 Pounds

"There is danger in the inn."

Klein softly chanted the divination statement, entered Cogitation, and then flipped a gold coin.

Clang!

A faint but crisp sound echoed in the quiet room. The gold coin tumbled and fell, landing in Klein's palm.

It was tails, indicating a negative response.

No danger... With a frown, Klein looked around and pulled out a bottle of insect-repelling essential oil from his coat on the coat rack.

He sprinkled it in a circle around himself, then quickly took four steps counterclockwise and entered the gray fog to confirm the result through divination.

In about ten seconds, he received a revelation: there was still no danger.

Returning to the real world, Klein shook his head, put the gold coin and bottle away, and donned his coat, trousers, and boots. Then he sat on the edge of the bed and leaned back against the pillow, remaining highly vigilant about this turn of events.

He still remembered his Seer principles, especially the one about "divination is not all-powerful," so even if the answers he received indicated it was safe, he didn't dare to relax and return to his slumber.

This wasn't because he doubted the gray fog's ability to shield him from interference, but because there were too many possibilities. His divination statement might not have been precise enough to cover them all, causing him to misinterpret the result.

He already had a theory about what had just happened. The four adventurers from the restaurant had indeed found an abandoned and forgotten ancient temple in Symeem Island's primeval forest. They had obtained wealth or relics, but they had also disturbed the barely surviving evil spirits and become plagued by evil thoughts and curses.

As time ticked by, Klein suddenly felt a subtle fluctuation of spirituality spread from the room and quickly blend into the surrounding darkness.

The hidden flow that he had barely sensed vanished, and the tranquility of the night returned.

As expected... It's a result of Beyonder powers... It was solved just like that? I'll just wait a little longer. It would be dawn in an hour or two anyway... Even if there really is a problem, this place has a cathedral and a Mandated Punishers team... Klein half closed his eyes and began to engage in Cogitation.

Bayam, Amyris Leaf Bar.

Danitz, determined to deceive anyone monitoring him, held a glass of Lanti Proof and drunkenly watched the girls in the boxing ring perform a sultry dance.

"Dogshit! It's been so long, and they haven't lost a single piece of clothing!" he shouted along with the other drunks.

Then, ignoring whether they received any response, they laughed out loud, clinked glasses, and drank.

"Have you read the newspapers?" a man carousing in the bar late at night asked his companions after a burp.

"Did a donkey eat your brain? Do you think... Do you think I can read those twisting letters of the alphabet? Holy Lord of Storms, I'm only interested in this kind of twisting and turning! Hahaha!" His companion raised his glass and pointed at the dancers, laughing at what he considered a witty answer.

The man who had spoken earlier smacked the back of his head.

"Steel is dead!

"He was killed by Blazing!"

The nearby Danitz was stunned for a moment, then he sat up, turning his head slightly.

He cleared his throat and took a sip of the liquor, acting as if nothing had happened, but he secretly inched closer to hear what the others had to say about the matter.

The adventurer and part-time pirate who had brought him into the trade had once said that life at sea would've been meaningless without liquor, women, and boasting.

"Steel? What Steel? Let me tell you, when I was young, I once defeated a steel pipe!" another drunkard interrupted.

"What did you do to the steel pipe? Should I say something like, whoa, yours sure is thin!" The first man to speak gave a knowing smile.

He didn't wait for a reply as he continued, "Steel Maveti is dead! The second mate of Admiral of Blood is dead!"

The last half of his words emerged as a low growl. It frightened one fellow, already swaying on his feet, into sliding under the table and babbling in terror, "It wasn't me. I didn't do it..."

Dogshit! A bar is always so chaotic! Hurry up and get to the point! I'm waiting for you to praise Lord Blazing! The disguised Danitz couldn't wait to smash the cup of alcohol in his hand at the group.

"The papers say the Navy and the Church did it together. Steel is dead, Blood Brambles is dead, and even Calm Squall is dead. John Smith and that bunch of assholes have been caught as well!" A drunk who was still somewhat lucid came over and joined the conversation.

"No, no, no! That's not the truth!" The man who had first raised the subject shook his head with a smile. "I have a friend at the news agency. He told me they have reliable information that can't be published. The Navy and the Church were merely used. The real killers were Blazing Danitz and a mysterious, experienced, and powerful adventurer, a bounty hunter."

"Impossible! There's absolutely no way Blazing Danitz can defeat Steel! Even if it's a sneak attack, there's no way he can finish Steel!" A few drinkers shared similar viewpoints.

"The key is that powerful adventurer. I suspect he's close to the level of a pirate admiral!" the man who had started the conversation emphasized. "I've no idea how Danitz got to know that guy. Heh, Danitz played a part too. Apparently, he finished off Blood Brambles! Didn't you notice? Blazing's bounty has increased to 4,200 pounds!"

"That's right!"

"Really?"

"Blazing sure isn't simple!"

"What a fearsome pirate, no, a great pirate!"

"Great pirates? I really couldn't tell the last time I drank with him!"

Pui! You son of a bitch, when did I ever drink with you? I don't even know you! Amidst the exclamations, Danitz thought in delight.

4,200 pounds! If those fellows were to know, they would definitely get up at night to wipe the deck in envy. Hahaha, I can now be said to be the strongest boatswain on the Golden Dream!

At that moment, Danitz wished he could fly back to the ship to drink and boast with fellows like Iron Skin and Barrel, telling them all about the thrilling events in Bansy Harbor: how he had defeated the fallen bishop, cleverly escaped Steel and the others' ambush, set a trap to finish off all his enemies, and would never again be able to play the card game of life.

Unfortunately, for Captain's sake, I still have to remain the servant of that madman Gehrman Sparrow... Sigh, I'm already a great 4,200-pound pirate! Danitz sighed and allowed the alcohol to continue numbing him.

As the Storm cathedral's bells rang, the orange sun rose in the sky. The surroundings were still so quiet that only the sound of water could be heard.

Having encountered nothing abnormal, Klein exhaled in relief, took off his clothes, returned to bed, and made up for his lack of sleep with another two hours of rest.

His considerable spirituality allowed him to wake up at the scheduled time of 8:30 a.m. He washed up slowly, changed his clothes, and went to the first floor to buy a loaf of bread with cooked chestnuts and a glass of Gurney Sap. He ate as he walked to the dock.

Since he had already bought his return ticket for the nine o'clock liner, Klein kept an eye on the time and prepared to board.

At that moment, he saw the lady with the greenish-gray eyes, as well as the three male adventurers from her team.

They were buying tickets at the ticket office.

The liner is about to leave. They definitely won't make the nine o'clock departure... I wonder what they obtained from the abandoned temple, but last night they attracted an existence resembling an evil spirit. Please don't let anything unexpected happen when they board the liner... Klein used his body to block the adventurers' line of sight, took out a gold coin, and performed a divination.

His revelation was that the later liner wouldn't be in danger.

Klein hesitated for two seconds, looked at the passengers waiting for the ten o'clock liner near the ticket office, rubbed his fingers together in silence, and lit the ticket in his palm.

He went back to the ticket office as if nothing had happened and bought the ten o'clock liner ticket for four soli.

Then, he went to the washroom at the docks, entered the space above the gray fog, and quickly performed a divination regarding his concerns.

He knew very well that if the results showed that there were great dangers, he wouldn't take the risk of boarding the ship. Instead, he would find a way to prevent the ship from sailing and destroy it, if necessary, to prevent any innocents from dying.

If the revelation was the same as the divination from before, he would ride it normally while keeping a lookout for any accidents.

In the end, he still received a negative answer.

Klein was relieved and returned to the real world. He adjusted the position of the murloc's bladder for quick access.

If an accident really happened, this Beyonder ingredient would become quite important in the vast ocean.

This Beyonder ingredient could also be used in a rudimentary manner, just like the All-Black Eye contaminated by the True Creator.

Ten o'clock sharp.

Klein, in his Gehrman Sparrow appearance, picked up his suitcase, followed the adventurers, and boarded the liner.

Along the way, he appeared to doze or read old newspapers and magazines aboard the ship, but in fact, he was keeping an eye on the greenish-gray-eyed lady and her companions.

This wariness continued all the way to the port of Bayam, but no accidents occurred in the middle.

Did they resolve all their problems? What did they actually obtain? Klein stopped by the roadside, bought the latest newspaper from a newsboy, and watched the four adventurers from the corner of his eye until they disappeared.

Phew... Klein decided not to think about it anymore. As long as it didn't endanger the overall situation, he wasn't concerned about what those people had done. He was merely curious.

He picked up his suitcase, leafing through the papers as he walked down Acid Lemon Street like an ordinary passerby.

Suddenly, with a chuckle, he said to himself, The bounty for Danitz has risen to 4,200 pounds...

If things continued like this, he doubted he could resist the urge to send the fellow to the governor-general's office.

Upon returning to the Wind of Azure Inn, Klein heard undulating snores slowly building to a crescendo before he even took out his keys.

He didn't escape? Klein was slightly surprised, but he wasn't too surprised either.

He had previously tampered with the Shadow Cloak, so if Danitz left, he could use divination to track him down and find Vice Admiral Iceberg.

Although he's timid, he's still cautious... Klein opened the door and entered, looking at Danitz, who awoke with a start. He grinned a little.

"Congratulations, Mr. 4,200 Pounds."

Danitz was instantly wide awake, wanting to laugh dryly in response, but he couldn't.

At this moment, he felt that his life might be in danger.

Chapter 534: A Dream Lesson

Danitz's worries didn't come true. Klein gave him a look and went into the bedroom to rest.

During the five hours he spent on the liner, he had remained highly tense. He had also been startled the previous night and hadn't slept well as a result. Now, he couldn't help but feel exhausted.

With a thud, Klein closed the bedroom door.

Phew... He scared me to death! Danitz relaxed and slumped into the reclining chair.

The image of himself turning into gold pounds had surfaced in his mind a moment ago. He found it difficult to stop such scenes from appearing one after another.

After a moment of silence, Danitz, who had lingered at the bar until dawn, fell asleep again without realizing it. He dreamed that Captain had arrived to save him but failed. Instead, Gehrman Sparrow captured her, and she ended up becoming the crazy adventurer's maidservant.

Just as Danitz, outraged and powerless to resist, was about to wake, the blurry scene around him suddenly became clear. It settled into the luxurious suite at the Wind of Azure Inn.

Knock! Knock! Knock!

Danitz heard a slow, soothing knock on the door.

Wasn't I dreaming? With this question in mind, Danitz walked over to the door and turned the handle.

As the crack in the door widened, he saw a familiar figure.

She was a beautiful lady with an oval face, a high nose bridge, thin lips, and a pair of pale blue eyes that resembled clear spring water.

Her long brown hair was parted in the middle and tied in a simple yet delicate knot at the back of her head, with the rest flowing freely.

She wore no hat, only a beige coat fitted closely at the waist. Her collar was covered with palm-sized flowers woven from white lace.

Her coat was paired with a dark skirt that reached her knees. Its continuous pleats gave it a slightly flared appearance. On her feet was a pair of leather boots the same color as her hair.

"Captain!" Danitz cried out in alarm.

He hurriedly snapped out of his reverie, turned around and faced Gehrman Sparrow's bedroom while taking a defensive stance.

"Be careful! Run! A lunatic is looking for you! He has a terrifying organization backing him!"

As the feeling of self-sacrifice welled up in him, Danitz heard his captain calmly say, "This is a dream."

Dream... Yeah, I'm dreaming, what's there to be afraid of... Danitz glanced left and right, folded his arms, turned around, and said, "Captain, you simulated the powers of a Nightmare? That can't be right, you were near Sonia Island just last week."

Sonia Island was the largest island in this region of the Sonia Sea and the origin of its name. It was almost a small continent. Originally, it was the only remaining gathering place for the elves after the Cataclysm, but as time passed, this ancient Beyonder race was beset by all manner of difficulties and gradually died out. Occasional sightings proved they hadn't gone completely extinct.

At the end of the Fourth Epoch, the Loen Kingdom occupied the island, but it suffered a terrible defeat in the Twenty Year War and ceded Sonia Island to the Feysac Empire. That was already more than seven centuries ago.

Sonia Island was situated north-northwest of the Rorsted Archipelago, and it took nearly half a month by ship to arrive there. Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina Edwards was still in the vicinity of Sonia Island last week, so it was impossible to reach Bayam within a week. Unless she could fly or use the spirit world to travel.

The beautiful lady whom Danitz addressed as Captain nodded.

"We have just entered the Rorsted seas, still a thousand nautical miles away from Bayam."

In other words, she'll take another three or four days to arrive? Now that's normal... Danitz asked curiously, "Shouldn't this already be beyond a Nightmare's range?"

Moreover, it far exceeds it... he added inwardly.

Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina entered the room and walked towards the table and chair.

"It's not a Nightmare power, but a secret ritualistic magic. It uses an item left behind on the ship to enter the dream of someone very far away..."

Listening to Captain's meticulous explanation, Danitz instantly felt as if he had returned to the Golden Dream for the start of another lesson.

I've never heard of such ritualistic magic before... Yes, Captain has mastered many strange and rare forms of magic and witchcraft. No one can tell how much knowledge she possesses... She seems to have mentioned that her Sequence name is Mysticism Magister... Sigh, if I had known she had this "secret technique," I wouldn't have been so frustrated over how to inform her about the unexpected events in Bayam... A flurry of thoughts distracted Danitz from Edwina's description.

"Captain, you sensed that there's a problem with our point of contact over here?"

"Yes, this is another secret technique..." Edwina seemed inclined to describe the specific method in detail.

Seeing this, Danitz hurriedly sighed.

"Poor Old Rinn and the others..."

Edwina stopped walking and turned her back to the window, asking succinctly, "What happened?"

"I'll have to start from Damir Harbor." Danitz felt energized, as if his long-lasting depression had finally paid off at that moment.

He described his attempt to recruit Gehrman Sparrow, how he had ended up discovering that the man was a lunatic, and his own, somewhat exaggerated, plight aboard the White Agate.

Following the rough account he had prepared the previous night, he thoroughly described the bizarre and horrifying events at Bansy Harbor, including Steel Maveti's ambush and assassination attempt. He explained how he had joined forces with Gehrman Sparrow to counterattack and hunt their enemies, as well as his own theories about Gehrman Sparrow's background and powers. These included Creeping Hunger and the powerful, secretive organization.

Throughout the account, he tried his best to recount the truth, exaggerating only the role he had played and elevating his status from servant or attendant to assistant or collaborator.

Vice Admiral Edwina listened quietly the entire time without interrupting him. When he was done, she nodded lightly and said, "He has no ill intentions."

Him? Gehrman Sparrow means no harm? Danitz quickly said, "Captain, regardless, he's a dangerous fellow!

"Are you sure he means no harm?"

"I can't be certain," Edwina replied calmly.

"Then why did you..." Danitz took a silent breath, sensing the similarity between his captain and Gehrman Sparrow. Neither was someone he could converse with normally.

Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina said with a straight face, "That's just my speculation and judgment."

"..."

Danitz rubbed his temples with his right hand. "Anyway, he's dangerous. There's a secret organization backing him, and I've no idea about the situation of the organization. Captain, I don't think you should take the risk of communicating with him, even if he claims to have something to ask of you."

Edwina thought for a moment before saying, "There's no need to take risks.

"I can communicate with him through you."

Danitz first heaved a sigh of relief before asking both curiously and expectantly, "Captain, how will that work? Or should I say, what do I need to do?"

Edwina raised her right hand, causing a stand and blackboard to appear in the dream.

"I need you to hold a ritual," she said.

"It's called a Soulfall Ritual. It allows my soul to pass through the spirit world and attach itself to your body. I'll be able to converse directly with Gehrman Sparrow. It works through anyone below the demigod level, within an effective range of no more than 500 nautical miles...

"It involves reason and communication, and it belongs to the realm of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom. You must draw the corresponding symbols and magic labels...

"In mysticism, the Blue Planet corresponds to the God of Knowledge and Wisdom. Mercury, brass, lavender, pepper, and mint are needed...

"The Blue Planet corresponds to Saturday. The time of the Blue Planet is from midnight to one on Friday, and eleven to twelve noon on Saturday..."

Edwina explained as she wrote the key points to remember on the blackboard, and Danitz instinctively sat down and assumed a listening posture.

As he listened, he suddenly felt at a loss.

Why do I need to attend classes even in my dreams?

In the bedroom, Klein, who was sleeping, suddenly jolted awake, having vaguely sensed something.

He got out of bed and listened for a moment. In the living room, although Danitz was snoring, his breathing was calmer than before.

It wasn't particularly strange, but it was unusual enough to alert an experienced mysticism expert like Klein, who had been through a great deal.

He softly walked to the door that separated the bedroom from the living room, reached for the handle, and slowly turned it.

Without a sound, Klein walked out of the bedroom and saw Danitz lying in a reclining chair, fast asleep. Everything around him appeared normal.

Klein quietly activated his Spirit Vision and examined Blazing, but found nothing amiss. Both the color of his aura and the changes in his mood were normal and within a reasonable range.

After watching for a while, Klein frowned and took out a silver charm.

"Dream Charm!"

In the dream, Danitz was learning the Soulfall Ritual with a bitter expression. He had no doubt that the captain in front of him was genuine.

No one can fake such a style and hobby!

At that moment, he heard the sound of the lock turning.

Subconsciously, Danitz looked towards the bedroom, where the crack in the door was widening, and Gehrman Sparrow, who was wearing only a white shirt, walked out expressionlessly.

"You! How did you appear here!" Danitz shot to his feet, blurting out in shock.

He quickly snapped to his senses and stammered, "Th-this is my dream!"

How did Gehrman Sparrow get in here so easily?!

With one hand in the pocket of his dark trousers, Klein walked toward the woman who had her back to the window and said in a low voice, "A charm."

Then, looking directly at the woman, he asked almost with certainty, "Edwina Edwards?"

Her attire is a little strange... She doesn't look like an adventurer, much less a pirate. She looks like a woman with a respectable job, someone capable of supporting herself... Her clothing appears to be in the Intis style... Klein thought, finding the sight somewhat unfamiliar.

Edwina nodded slightly and similarly replied with a question, "Gehrman Sparrow?"

"Yes, good afternoon, Ma'am." Klein smiled slightly, pressed his hand to his chest, and bowed.

Edwina nodded and replied, "Good afternoon."

Klein, who was maintaining his persona, stopped talking, waiting for the other side to take the initiative to ask him about his purpose.

He looked at Edwina.

Edwina looked at him.

There was a sudden silence in the dream for several minutes.

From time to time, Danitz looked to the right and to the left, having a baffling feeling that perhaps all of this might really be a dream.

Chapter 535: Fond of Teaching

Unable to tolerate it any longer, Danitz decided to do something.

He coughed twice, faced Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina Edwards, and said, "Captain, Mr. Gehrman Sparrow has some questions for you."

Phew... Klein let out a sigh of relief.

If this staring contest continued, he felt as though his persona would collapse.

Edwina nodded gently, looked at Klein, and said, "Mr. Sparrow, have you received an education?"

What kind of question is this? Klein's expression didn't change as he indifferently replied, "University graduate."

Ah? Danitz looked at Gehrman Sparrow in surprise, unable to believe the fact that this crazy adventurer and bounty hunter had actually gone to university and even graduated!

He had no way of reconciling a university, a hallmark of wisdom, with Gehrman Sparrow!

Unless it's some "Hunter University" or "Killer Academy"... Or a university that exists only in the fantasies of madmen and psychopaths... Danitz couldn't help but lampoon silently.

Edwina didn't seem surprised. She continued to ask, "What languages have you mastered?"

"..."

Klein resisted the urge to frown and said, "Jotun, Elvish, Dragonese, ancient Hermes, Hermes, ancient Feysac, Loenese..."

Edwina responded tersely.

"Do you understand the other domains in mysticism?"

For a moment, Klein felt as though he had returned to his elementary school days in his previous life. Because he had enrolled late, a teacher had asked him a series of questions: how many Chinese characters he knew, whether he had mastered the four basic arithmetic operations, whether he knew the English alphabet, and how many Tang dynasty poems he could recite...

Calm down... You're Gehrman Sparrow now... Klein once again said without emotion, "Adept."

Edwina thought for two seconds before explaining unhurriedly, "I need to tailor my answers to your level of knowledge so that you can understand them more easily."

This... Klein was surprised to find that the beautiful lady before him was nothing like an adventurer who engaged in piracy on the side. She was essentially a teacher with a cold expression but a kind and patient manner.

He calmed down after thinking about the vampire who headed to the Church of Earth Mother every day.

This is the first pirate admiral I've formally met. She's indeed unique... Klein sighed inwardly and said, "First question: where do the Beyonder creatures commonly encountered at sea appear?"

He didn't ask about mermaids directly, as he didn't want her to see through his true purpose and cause unnecessary complications.

Edwina thought for a moment and then wiped the "Soulfall Ritual" off the blackboard. She then wrote and drew:

"Set off from Sonia Island and sail 1,200 nautical miles in this direction, and you'll enter depths of the sea that humans have never explored.

"A Naga tribe is active there. They've been working hard to find an underwater city rumored to have a powerful demon sealed within. That demon is the object of their faith..."

Edwina spoke in detail, drawing partly on her own efforts to find the treasure and partly on knowledge and rumors she had gathered through exchanges with others.

It took her a while to finish the general account, but to Klein's dismay, there were no mermaids anywhere except in the eastern waters of the Gargas Archipelago.

He quickly calmed his mood and said, "Second question, do you know how to remove the mental corruption from a Beyonder characteristic?"

He didn't hide the fact that he knew about Beyonder characteristics.

Edwina's eyes flickered for the first time, as though she had a new understanding of Gehrman Sparrow.

She shook her head.

"I don't know.

"However, I once imagined that it might be possible to borrow an external force and completely crush the corrupted Beyonder characteristic, reducing it to the smallest specks of light. This way, whether it is corruption or a curse, it will scatter upon losing its vessel, then vanish rapidly or slowly. As for the shattered Beyonder characteristic, its particular traits will cause it to gather again bit by bit and eventually take form once more.

"Unfortunately, only gods can do this. If you gain the favor of any god, you can try to please 'Them' by offering enough sacrifices and praying for a response."

The law of Beyonder characteristic convergence... Klein mentally supplied what Edwina had deliberately left unsaid.

At the same time, he couldn't help but sigh. Vice Admiral Iceberg, Captain of the Golden Dream, was extremely knowledgeable in mysticism. She was no less knowledgeable than he was, despite his having read many of Roselle's diary entries and experienced so much.

It was said that Vice Admiral Iceberg could replicate or simulate her opponents' Beyonder powers when they used them in front of her... This is rather similar to Mr. Isengard Stanton's ring, 2-081... As soon as Klein's thoughts began to wander, he forcefully reined them in and nodded as though considering something.

"I agree with this hypothesis."

"Regrettably, I haven't tested it in practice. It's only a conjecture." Edwina rarely used words that expressed emotion.

Danitz, who had been listening by the side, had a dazed look on his face. He was unable to keep up with the conversation at all.

What are they talking about? What are they discussing? Why do I know every word, yet understand nothing when they're strung together... What's a Beyonder characteristic? What happens when it's shattered? What does it mean for it to gather again? Danitz looked from side to side, his eyes blank.

At this point, Klein threw out the third question he had thought about.

"Where can you find ancient wraiths?"

He only mentioned this kind of monster because the corresponding ingredients could also be used in the domain of Death. It didn't expose the secrets of his own Sequence.

Edwina glanced at Danitz and said, "I'll keep an eye out for you.

"If you want to attend Bayam's Beyonder gatherings, he knows a few. He can take you there."

Not bad, it's easier to talk to smart people... Klein added, "Do you know where there are people who can make mystical items out of Beyonder ingredients or characteristics?"

"I met one at a gathering, but he never appeared again," Edwina answered frankly. "I've mastered the relevant knowledge and can replicate the process, but I cannot guarantee its success rate."

Heh heh... I'll wait then... Klein didn't harp on the topic and switched to asking, "How much do you know about Death's Key?"

"Little." An iron-black key suddenly appeared in Edwina's hand. It was about the size of a lyre, ancient in shape, and possessed a dark luster.

Holding up the item from the shipwreck, the pirate admiral said, "If you mean this key, then I can tell you that it belonged to the giants."

Klein glanced sideways at Danitz.

"Your boatswain told me that it can also belong to a dragon or a demonic wolf."

"That was our initial guess. I've recently found some historical documents, and with the help of the other items on the ship, I've formed a preliminary conclusion." Edwina showed no agitation. She remained patient, though her expression was cold.

After finally regaining his sense as the owner of the dream, Danitz curiously asked, "Captain, is it really the giants'?"

"Yes." Edwina gave an affirmative answer. "That batch of documents showed that there were still many giants active in the Fourth Epoch. Some of them had switched faiths to the God of Combat, while the others were left scattered, becoming the hunting targets of the humans.

"One of the tribes built a ship and set out to find the lost Giant King's Court at sea, but never returned. The sunken ship we discovered, along with some of the items inside, closely resembles the relics they left behind in their original settlement. Therefore, we have sufficient reason to believe that the key belonged to the giants and very likely points to their race's lost Giant King's Court from before the Cataclysm."

Giant King's Court? Little Sun said it's not far from the City of Silver... Klein didn't say a word, but he quietly listened to Vice Admiral Iceberg's description.

I have to say, my knowledge of the City of Silver and the Forsaken Land of the Gods far surpasses that of other Beyonders... Hmm, even the seven gods can't find that place, or at least have difficulty determining its exact situation. In this respect, I'm better informed than 'Them'... Klein reflected with a mixture of smugness and self-deprecation before asking in a deep voice, "If I offer a sufficient price, would you be willing to sell the key?"

"Of course, unless I acquire additional clues to the Giant King's Court." Edwina continued to speak at a moderate pace.

Very good, if the Tarot Club organizes an expedition to the Giant King's Court one day, I will buy this key... Klein was about to ask the last question when he suddenly remembered the four adventurers.

Relying on the power of the Dream Charm, he conjured the lady with greenish-gray eyes, who wore a man's shirt, and her three companions.

"Do you know them?"

Edwina glanced at them and said almost without thinking, "Leticia Dolera, an archaeologist and adventurer.

"Rumor has it that she's a member of the Moses Ascetic Order or the Element Dawn."

Moses Ascetic Order... The ancient organization that believes in the Hidden Sage... It really isn't for money, and their goal is definitely something from the abandoned temple... Klein asked casually, "What do you know about Element Dawn?"

This mysterious organization was similar to the Psychology Alchemists, having arisen within the past century or two. It combined elements from various schools of mysticism and had its own theoretical system. Its members were all proficient in spellcasting and had mastered many ancient witchcraft techniques.

Edwina pursed her lips and said, "They've always been fighting against the Moses Ascetic Order.

"Rumor has it that the eldest daughter of Emperor Roselle, Bernadette Gustav, established it."

The Element Dawn is headed by Bernadette? Zaratul's prophecy is quite accurate after all. She can really be considered an important figure in the Beyonder world... Klein sighed inwardly, feeling somewhat enlightened.

He resisted the urge to sigh and looked at Edwina. He calmly said, "One last question."

When the beautiful lady and Blazing Danitz had focused their full attention on him, he slowly opened his mouth.

"Are you interested in cooperating?"

"What kind of cooperation?" Edwina asked in return.

The smile on Klein's face grew ever more exuberant, with a hint of madness in it, as he said, "Hunt Admiral of Blood."

Chapter 536: Local Faith

What? Hunt Admiral of Blood? Danitz almost raised his right hand to his ear.

His first reaction was that he had misheard.

However, the madness concealed in Gehrman Sparrow's smile and the slight twitch of Captain's eyebrows, an unusual reaction from her, confirmed that he had heard correctly!

This... This madman Gehrman Sparrow really is daring! This is one of the seven Pirate Admirals. They're nothing like someone of Steel Maveti's caliber! Danitz's pupils shrank as his heart roared.

Putting aside Admiral of Blood Senor's own might, the pirates under him alone are intimidating enough. His first mate, third mate, and the captain of each ship are all capable of independently leading a large pirate crew!

And the men Steel Maveti had brought to Bayam were only a fraction of the Blood pirate crew!

When Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos died silently like a wild dog in Backlund, it was mainly because he wasn't with his pirate crew. However, Admiral of Blood Senor is different. He seldom leaves his flagship and rarely leaves the company of his men.

Even considering Senor's strength alone, he would still be extremely terrifying. He's mysterious and bizarre, one of the few powerhouses at sea second only to the Four Kings. Even Captain might not dare claim to be his superior... A madman's courage really does exceed my imagination. No, he doesn't know the meaning of fear at all! The death and replacement of a pirate admiral would definitely send shock waves through the Five Seas! One thought after another flashed through Danitz's mind, but in the end, he strangely calmed down.

It was because he recalled that Gehrman Sparrow was a powerhouse at the level of the seven admirals, and there might be a hidden, terrifying organization backing him.

Edwina said after a few seconds of silence, "Do you know of the Rose School of Thought?"

Not only do I know them, I've also killed their people and taken their mystical items... Wait a minute, why do I have to describe myself as a bad guy... Klein restrained his smile and said unperturbedly, "I've hunted their members."

Edwina fell silent again. Beside her, Danitz's thoughts began racing once more: What are they talking about? What's the Rose School of Thought? Where am I? Whose dream is this?

After a short silence, Edwina said, "After the huge battle with Vice Admiral Dusk's pirate crew, Senor's crew vanished. At present, no one knows where they are. We will have to wait patiently."

Is this an agreement? Klein once again revealed a smile.

"I do not lack patience.

"How can I contact you?"

Edwina turned her head to look at Danitz.

"He knows how."

Me? Soulfall Ritual? Wait a minute, Captain, you mean I have to follow this madman, Gehrman Sparrow, during this period of time? No! Who knows when this fellow will go crazy! With a start, Danitz quickly opened his mouth and said, "Captain, I've already left the Golden Dream for too long. I've missed too many lessons! I can't wait to return!"

He tried his hardest to show his sincerity in his eyes, filling them with the desire for knowledge.

"I believe we can switch to someone else, like Iron Skin and Barrel..."

Before he could finish, Edwina suddenly raised her right hand and pressed it to her ear.

She looked slightly to the side and said without expression, "What did you say?

"I couldn't hear it.

"Roselle's Dream Spell is reaching its limits..."

The pirate admiral's skirt fluttered slightly as she stepped back. Her figure quickly faded, dissolving into motes of light.

The rest of Danitz's words remained stuck in his throat. He stretched out his right hand in an attempt to grasp something, but it fell weakly to his side.

Roselle's Dream Spell? The Emperor's presence in the field of mysticism is also quite formidable... The full name of the Vice Admiral Iceberg is Edwina Edwards... Edwards. Isn't this the surname of one of the emperor's Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse? A descendant? However, from the tone of Vice Admiral Iceberg, she isn't familiar with the eldest daughter of the emperor, Bernadette. They might not even know each other... Klein looked at Danitz, whose expression had completely collapsed, and let out a soft laugh.

"Perhaps one day I will call you Mr. 10,000 Pounds."

"..."

Danitz straightened his back in fright, then he saw Gehrman Sparrow's figure disappear from his dream.

If I'm only Sequence 7 and have a bounty of seven or eight thousand pounds, I'll be targeted everywhere I go... Danitz stood rooted in his dream, his head aching more the longer he thought about it.

In the evening, Danitz looked at Gehrman Sparrow, who was dressed as a native.

"Today, we'll be visiting the local faction. We might be able to find some good things there. Heh heh, they have a great need for Beyonder ingredients, food, and weapons."

At this point, Danitz looked Gehrman Sparrow up and down. It was rare for him to find something he did better than the other man. He said with a smile, "Their district is populated almost entirely by locals. There aren't even many people of mixed descent. If there's the slightest irregularity in your clothing, you'll be discovered.

"Your pantaloons and brown jacket are fine, but you can't wear that shirt underneath. A real native wears a Taraba shirt. It's similar to a Sea Soul shirt, but entirely blue or white. They don't wear caps, headscarves, or anything like that.

"Also, someone like you who obviously looks Loenese will face severe discrimination and hostility there, like a wolf sneaking into a flock of sheep. You won't be able to blend in at all..."

Before he could finish, he saw Gehrman Sparrow tilt his head and look at him. His sharp facial features quickly softened, and his fair skin instantly turned bronze. In a heartbeat, he had become an unmistakable native who didn't stand out in any way.

"..."

After a few seconds of silence, Danitz laughed dryly as if nothing had happened. "Me too. I have to disguise myself."

Your disguise? Heh... Klein took off his cap and sat down.

"What local faction?"

It actually trades Beyonder ingredients, food, and weapons?

"Ahem, to put it simply... the Resistance." Danitz suddenly wasn't sure whether Gehrman Sparrow had any connections to Loen officials.

Klein was startled for a second.

"Resistance?"

Danitz smiled awkwardly and said, "People who clamor for independence and demand that the natives govern their own affairs. Their encampments are deep in the forests or out at sea. They cooperate with many pirates and adventurers. Of course, their main backers are from Feysac and Intis. Priests of the God of Combat and the Eternal Blazing Sun often come here in secret."

Bayam isn't so peaceful after all... After leaving the kingdom and coming to sea, Klein finally understood what international conflict truly meant. It was nothing like merely reading newspaper reports about the wars in East Balam.

He nodded slightly and didn't object to visiting the local faction.

After leaving the Wind of Azure Inn, Klein followed Danitz, whose face was painted black. They went through the streets, heading all the way southeast.

Leaving the confines of the City of Generosity, they entered a district with a distinctive architectural style. The buildings had elevated floors supported by wooden pilings. Some were three- or four-story structures derived from Loen-style terraced houses.

The roads that split from each other were narrow and dirty, with many stalls on either side. They sold all kinds of headgear, earrings, and accessories made of stone. They were mostly bright red or multicolored.

"What a bunch of strange fellows. They especially like bright colors, just like those venomous snakes in the forest," Danitz whispered.

As someone from Intis, you aren't much better. You revere the color gold and prize luxury and refinement, just like a nouveau riche... Klein lampooned inwardly.

They passed by a group of dark-skinned, skinny, and shriveled natives, entering the alleys which had clothes drying over their heads. The scene before their eyes suddenly opened up, revealing a small municipal square.

In the square, a group of locals had gathered around the central pond. Some knelt, some prostrated themselves, some murmured, and some sang softly. Their expressions were devout, but their eyes were numb.

As soon as they realized that someone was approaching, they quickly got up and ran into the surrounding alleys in a flurry.

All the windows on the second, third, and fourth floors of the surrounding houses clanged shut, and the square grew quiet, but Klein's spiritual perception told him that there were many people behind the windows, around the alleys, in the dark corners, watching these strangers who had suddenly arrived in their world.

Danitz lowered his head and said in a suppressed voice, "Don't worry, this is their way of protecting themselves."

"Oh?" Klein expressed his doubts.

Danitz let out a chuckle.

"Before this place was fully colonized, the natives of the Rorsted Archipelago all believed in Sea God Kalvetua. They believed this deity, who appeared as a gigantic sea serpent, would protect the islands from being devoured by earthquakes or tsunamis.

"Now that this belief has been outlawed, the Church of the Lord of Storms has been constantly fighting against the heretics. Even the Church of Evernight and the Church of Steam and Machinery are unable to expand their influence here, and there are only a few cathedrals.

"But how can a faith that has endured for centuries, if not a millennium, be so easily eradicated? There are still plenty of Sea God believers in Bayam, on Blue Mountain Island, and throughout the Rorsted Sea. Even if a group is captured every month or two and subjected to all manner of brutal punishment, the situation can't be reversed anytime soon. The believers of the Sea God form the main pillar of the Resistance's support.

"In my opinion, it will take at least another hundred years before the faith of the Sea God will be completely eradicated. Of course, that's under the premise that there aren't any other disruptive elements."

Sea God Kalvetua... Its image is of a gigantic sea serpent... As Klein listened thoughtfully, he followed Danitz into a four-story house on the right. He went to the top floor via a narrow staircase.

Knock! Knock! Knock! Danitz knocked on the door to his left.

"Who is it?" someone asked in a low voice.

Danitz replied with a chuckle, "A friend who brings wine and barbecue."

"Where from?" the person inside asked a strange question.

Danitz stepped back.

"At sea."

Creak. The door slowly opened and Klein saw a naked arm.

The arm was tattooed with a blue, hideous sea serpent.

Chapter 537: Excessive Spiritual Perception

Behind the door was a bare-chested man with a hideous blue sea serpent tattooed on his arm. Short streaks of red paint marked his cheeks, chest, and abdomen, each in groups of three.

How exotic... But aren't you afraid of being too conspicuous? Aren't you afraid the police will catch you when you go outside? You're part of the Resistance, which operates in secret! Klein was about to look away when the man's thick, unruly eyebrows and cold-blooded eyes nearly made him frown.

He has killed many people... Klein made a rough judgment based on his spiritual intuition.

In truth, because of his identity and the knowledge from his previous life, he initially felt considerable sympathy for rebels under colonial rule. However, after hearing about the acts this man and Sea God Kalvetua's followers commonly committed, he grew even warier and more repulsed.

This wasn't to say that he discriminated against the local faith. Rather, he understood that the traditional religions of the colonial islands remained at a primitive stage centered on sacrifice. Their worship involved blood and living offerings, and their believers remained steeped in ignorance.

In addition, judging by the Emperor's experiences and my own, this world's Beyonder nature is steeped in madness and corruption. A "deity" still at the primitive stage of demanding sacrifices is essentially unable to resist this tendency. It's quite obvious how such an entity would behave... Without a word, Klein followed Danitz into the room.

"Edmonton, who's here?" A mild voice sounded from the area near the windows.

The tattooed man closed the door and said, "They've disguised themselves."

At that moment, Klein had taken a good look at the situation in the room and gained a basic understanding of it.

The living room wasn't very large. A cupboard, a table, and a few chairs were enough to make it feel cramped.

To the right were two doors leading to what appeared to be bedrooms; to the left was a "kitchen" partitioned off by a cabinet. As for a private washroom, there undoubtedly wasn't one. On his way upstairs, Klein had discovered a communal washroom in the corner of every landing. The stench from their long neglect urged passersby to climb faster.

Directly in front of him was a window. Two bamboo poles hung out and were used to hang a lot of clothes to dry.

Four or five men sat or stood in the bedroom doorway and living room. All were dark-skinned natives with slightly curly hair. They wore dark-blue Taraba shirts and varying amounts of red paint on their exposed skin. As for the sea serpent tattoos, Klein couldn't tell whether they had any beneath their clothes.

Some had revolvers at their waists, while others carried brownish-red hunting rifles. Some even carried gray steel backpacks and long, thick, high-pressure steam rifles. They formed a semicircle around Danitz and Klein, who had just entered the room.

The person who spoke was a wheelchair-bound man in his forties. He wore a jacket and had a blanket over his knees.

He had a shaved head, a slightly green beard on both sides of his face, and his dark brown eyes were calm and collected.

He glanced at his visitors and slowly smiled.

"Blazing."

Danitz was stunned for a moment before forcing out a laugh.

"Kalat, you have a good eye."

Dogshit! Is my disguise really that bad? he roared inwardly, unwilling to accept it.

Kalat ignored Blazing's insincere praise and chuckled.

"I heard that you killed Steel and Blood Brambles?"

"How else would they be dead?" Danitz retorted without hesitation.

Kalat narrowed his eyes, slowly shifting his gaze to Klein, who had a featureless face.

He knew very well that Blazing Danitz alone would have had difficulty killing Blood Brambles Hendry, much less Steel Maveti. Rumor had it that he had succeeded with the help of a powerful adventurer, a seasoned bounty hunter.

Is it the person beside him? When he looked into Klein's eyes, he didn't see any nervousness, worry, or vigilance. Those eyes were like a deep ocean.

It could very well be... At the very least, he's stronger than Blazing! He signaled to Edmonton and the others with his eyes, secretly informing them to be on their guard.

"What are you doing here?" Kalat didn't press the subject.

Danitz subconsciously looked at Klein, and after seeing his nod of affirmation, he replied, "Here to see what good things you have to offer."

Kalat pointed to a table and said, "It's all placed there."

Many strange items were laid out, including a bone whistle, a crude bagpipe, an iron-black leaf, and a bloodstained rock...

Without waiting for Klein and Danitz to examine the items, Kalat clapped his hands and said, "I have a mission.

"If you can complete it, you can freely choose an item from these at no additional cost."

He laughed and added, "By the standards of you foreigners, they aren't mystical items, but each possesses some supernatural power. That power will slowly, yes, slowly weaken until it disappears."

"What mission?" Klein asked calmly, having no intention of hiding the fact that Danitz was only a follower.

He reached into the blanket that extended to his knees and took out a stack of white paper.

"Find out where they are.

"If you can catch them directly, you will get even more."

He raised the papers and began displaying lifelike portraits, including one of a lady with greenish-gray eyes dressed in a man's shirt.

Leticia Dolera... Klein recognized at a glance whom the Resistance was looking for.

It was the female archaeologist and adventurer he had met the previous night and shared a ship with that morning. She was suspected of being a member of the Moses Ascetic Order or the Element Dawn.

Danitz looked at it closely for two seconds and found the picture vaguely familiar.

Suddenly, he remembered where he had seen her before.

Gehrman Sparrow had shown her to him in the dream!

He only asked Captain about her this afternoon, and we've already run into something connected to her this evening... Isn't he a little too good at gathering information? Danitz resisted the urge to glance at the crazy adventurer beside him, afraid that Kalat and Edmonton would notice something amiss.

He was very experienced in this area.

The Resistance, who believe in the Sea God, are looking for Leticia... The faith of the Sea God spreads throughout the Rorsted Archipelago, including Symeem... There was a snake last night... The image of the Sea God is that of a gigantic sea serpent... Klein superimposed the two matters together and quickly came to a preliminary conclusion.

Archaeologist Leticia and her companions had obtained an important item connected to the Sea God from the forgotten temple in Symeem Island's ancient forest. This had prompted both the probing the previous night and the Resistance's search!

Klein thought for a moment, then he gave a perfunctory reply, "I'll keep an eye out."

I won't randomly get myself involved in matters related to evil spirits. Of course, if it's necessary, then I will report it to the officials... he silently added a few words inwardly.

Kalat nodded and said, "Take a look first and see if there's anything you want."

Klein walked over and was just about to make inquiries while examining the selection when he suddenly sensed something and subconsciously looked toward the right side of the pile.

There was a short sword made from a slender bone. It was slightly longer than a forearm and milky white, with several deep, dark-red stripes across it.

It can trigger my spiritual perception... Klein stretched out his right hand to pick up the sharp bone sword at the very front and examine it carefully.

The moment his fingers touched the bone sword, cries of despair and pain echoed in his mind. The heavy stench of blood assailed his nose, and he seemed to see numerous distorted, rotting, illusory figures covered in mucus.

Klein's forehead ached, as though he had been pierced by a needle, and he subconsciously retracted his finger.

A little sinister... It's not a simple item... Klein, who had experienced things far more intense before, only showed a slight change in expression.

He resisted the urge to activate his Spirit Vision, afraid that he would see something he shouldn't.

Noticing this, Kalat exchanged glances with Edmonton and said with a smile, "This bone sword is capable of draining an enemy's blood. It's not bad. Do you want it?"

A little too eager... Klein frowned, immediately smoothed his brow, and said in a deep voice, "No, there's nothing I want here."

If Kalat hadn't asked, he might even have bought the bone sword and studied it above the gray fog. However, the man's eagerness to promote it made him wary. He therefore abandoned his original plan.

Kalat crossed his hands and said, "It's not expensive at all.

"Or would you like to look at something else?"

"There's no need." Klein's pupils shrank suddenly as he turned and walked straight towards the door.

Danitz hesitated momentarily before hurrying after him.

Edmonton, who had a sea serpent tattoo on his arm, watched silently. He seemed as if he would reach out and stop them at any moment, but in the end, he didn't do anything.

They were the powerful adventurers who had killed Steel Maveti and Blood Brambles Hendry!

Once out of the room, Klein stomped down the stairs without saying a word. Danitz ran after him, alarmed.

Trusting his reading of the situation, he asked no questions and simply followed.

The two quickly returned to the square, and the crowd which had gathered once again to either kneel or prostrate scattered once more.

But unlike before, one man remained kneeling motionlessly on the ground.

Klein didn't even glance at him as he walked past without stopping.

Danitz, however, glanced over subconsciously, only to discover that the man's face was as dry as weathered rock.

Pa!

A piece of flesh from the man's cheek fell to the ground; it was a piece of grayish skin with facial hair attached to it.

He seemed to have lost all the moisture in his body.

Danitz was startled and didn't dare to look again, feeling that things had become strange and dangerous at some point.

The two of them passed through the alleys, left the city, and boarded a rental carriage.

The carriage driver was clearly a native, about forty years old, with a very pleasant laugh.

But he didn't say a word along the way. The silence made Danitz's heartbeat sound like a drum.

Klein pursed his lips and remained silent.

The rental carriage quickly arrived at the dock area. In order to change his attire, Danitz got it to stop a distance from Acid Lemon Street.

After getting off the carriage, Klein didn't pay the fare or stop. He immediately took large strides and left, leaving Danitz stunned.

He tossed two soli to the carriage driver and hurriedly chased after Gehrman Sparrow.

After a few steps, he looked back and saw the driver kneeling down with a face full of zeal and devoutness. He leaned over the ground and kissed the ground where Klein had stepped.

Chapter 538: Dispel

What's happening?

Danitz couldn't believe what he was seeing.

The sight wasn't shocking in itself, but it filled him with inexplicable terror. It was like drunkenly plunging into a bucket of ice, a bone-piercing chill spreading from the soles of his feet to the crown of his head.

What exactly happened? Why did things become so strange? Danitz drew a breath, forced himself to turn away, and chased after Gehrman Sparrow.

He found the crazy adventurer walking faster and faster, to the point that he had to jog to keep up.

After crossing the street and passing through an alley, Danitz suddenly saw a greenish shadow fall from a tree.

Pa! Its scaly, slippery body twisted beneath its triangular head as it flicked out a scarlet forked tongue. It was a rather long venomous snake!

Dogshit! Why would there be snakes in this season? Danitz wasn't afraid of such creatures. He had even roasted snake meat before, but it was the abnormality of everything that left him agitated.

Circling around the coiling snake, Danitz subconsciously looked left and right and found that on both sides of the gutter, in the corners of ruined houses, and on the insides of rusty water pipes, there were pairs of cold, vertical, and different-colored eyes looking out.

Danitz felt a chill run down his spine, as if his scalp had been pierced by a dense array of fine needles.

He didn't dare stay any longer, nor did he dare strike out on his own. He increased his speed again and followed closely behind Gehrman Sparrow.

Entering the Wind of Azure Inn, he couldn't help but look up as he walked up the wooden stairs, wanting to ask something.

Suddenly, his chest tightened and his breathing stagnated.

At that moment, it was as though he had dived to the bottom of the sea, with heavy torrents pressing down on him from every direction.

Whoosh!

Faintly, Danitz heard the rush of the tide and saw a faint, illusory light surround Gehrman Sparrow, as if it were forming an endless, bottomless blue ocean.

Within that ocean, there was an enormous azure-blue figure holding everything up. It resembled a tower.

This... Danitz's right foot stopped in mid-air, unable to lower his foot.

He wasn't unfamiliar with such feelings. Back at the last pirate convention, the King of the Five Seas, Nast, was even more imposing and terrifying than this. Almost all the pirates couldn't lift their heads, and even powerhouses at the admiral rank could only barely resist.

Danitz knew very well that it wasn't a result of Gehrman Sparrow's own powers.

If he was at the level of a demigod, there was no need to include the Mandated Punishers during his hunt of Steel Maveti!

Ocean... Tide... These two terms flashed through Danitz's mind, and he immediately thought of the matter of the Resistance's faith in Sea God Kalvetua.

C-could Gehrman Sparrow have been afflicted by the Sea God's curse through some unknown process when he touched the bone sword? Was the devotee's desiccated corpse one of the conditions for activating the curse? Did the carriage driver prostrate himself and kiss the ground because he sensed the Sea God's aura?

Man... Gehrman Sparrow will probably die here today... Should I keep my distance to avoid being implicated? At most... At the very most, I'll come back to collect his corpse...

It might still be possible to save him. I can use the Soulfall Ritual to seek Captain's help. She knows so many strange secret techniques. She should be able to resolve this problem... No, Lord. The Soulfall Ritual only works within 500 nautical miles. They're still en route and won't enter that range for at least half a day...

As he desperately tried to think of a solution, Danitz stopped panicking and followed Gehrman Sparrow steadily into the luxurious suite.

Klein remained silent, but his dark brown eyes seemed tinged with a deep azure-blue that approached black.

He went straight to the bedroom and locked the door behind him.

Danitz stood outside, torn between fleeing and saving the man.

Inside the bedroom, Klein closed his eyes, waiting for the right opportunity.

Suddenly, he took four steps counterclockwise, chanting a statement with each one.

A wave of manic, high-pitched ravings rang in his ears as his Spirit Body shot into the gray fog.

Without a sound, he heard an indescribable, shrill, and painful howl.

Klein appeared within the ancient palace, at the very end of the long, mottled table.

In the motionless gray fog below, an illusory, gigantic azure-blue sea serpent appeared.

It was located in an ancient dark ruin, coiled around a half-collapsed pillar. Its hideous head was raised, and its bloody mouth was wide open, revealing many curved fangs that were even longer than a human's forearm.

Layers of blood and mucus flowed over its milky-white fangs.

The sea serpent thrashed its tail madly, setting off terrifying waves and enormous ripples that made the entire ruin sway as though it were about to collapse.

The scene rapidly shattered and dimmed. Regardless of how the unimaginably large sea serpent struggled, it was unable to turn the situation around. All it could do was let out a long, painful scream in agony as it was reduced to points of light before disappearing into the gray fog.

Klein sat in The Fool's high-backed chair and quietly watched everything. For a long time, he made no unnecessary movements.

The gray fog silently spread out, and the scene seemed to return to its eternally unchanging state.

After nearly a minute, Klein leaned back in his chair, sighed, and said the serpent's name, "Sea God Kalvetua..."

He had sensed the abnormality upon coming into contact with the bone sword. During his conversation with Baldy Kalat, he had keenly detected that a faint yet extremely cold and sinister energy had somehow invaded his body and was slowly corrupting his soul.

Klein made a prompt decision and turned around to leave. He then sensed that there was a connection between the sinister power and his surroundings. It gradually strengthened and slowly connected to an unknown place.

Thus, while devoting part of his attention to resisting the corruption, he also controlled himself and avoided interacting with his surroundings.

Klein believed that if he responded to any abnormality on the journey back, it would only intensify the corruption, possibly to an irreversible extent.

At first, he had wanted to find a nearby washroom and use the gray fog's shielding and isolation to remove the cold, sinister power. After careful consideration, however, he decided to leave the area because so many Sea God followers were nearby that an accident was extremely likely.

During this process, Klein realized something else: if he dispelled it prematurely, the power projected by Sea God Kalvetua would leave remnants in his flesh and blood, with unknown consequences.

He had no choice but to wait patiently for an opportunity to "purify" himself, allowing the cold, sinister energy to permeate his spirit completely.

Reflecting on everything that had happened, Klein lightly rapped the edge of the table and muttered to himself, "It's not that strong..."

The Sea God's level was much lower than he had imagined!

His original plan had been to use the method that finished off Amon's avatar against Sea God Kalvetua's projection, which was trying to take over his body. However, before he could fuse with the Black Emperor card or throw out his paper angel, the gray fog directly dispelled Kalvetua without leaving a trace.

On this basis, Klein concluded that Sea God Kalvetua's level was inferior to Blasphemer Amon's. Although the latter might have been more adept at intrusion, it had only been an avatar.

Was it cast down from its pedestal by the Lord of Storms, or was it never even at the level of an angel? Is it merely a somewhat stronger demigod capable of responding to its believers' prayers within a certain range? Klein recalled what he had seen and realized that Sea God Kalvetua was in an abnormal state.

This evil spirit's very existence is unstable, as though it could collapse at any moment...

Moreover, it seemed to have fused with the spirit world within the ruins. Was that precisely how it escaped the Church of Storms' encirclement?

Klein leaned back in his chair and made a guess.

What happened today is definitely no coincidence. It stems from Archaeologist Leticia taking an important artifact from the forgotten temple. Sea God Kalvetua was already barely surviving, and that caused its condition to deteriorate so sharply that it could no longer maintain its existence...

While having its believers track the item, it also prepared to possess another body in order to survive. That bone sword must have come from its demigod body and concealed a trace of its projected power. Given a suitable target, the power would infiltrate the body of whoever touched it, corrupt their soul, and establish coordinates. This would allow its spirit to transfer there before it dissipated...

But clearly, it isn't adept at such matters. Yes, it isn't the Snake of Mercury. It can't create a closed loop of fate for its own reincarnation. Nor is it like Blasphemer Amon, who can parasitize a person's soul. If it truly possesses my body, its own body will immediately crumble and turn mine into a terrifying monster.

According to this logical development, the dying Kalvetua will likely engage in many crazy actions in the near future... Klein frowned. He didn't hesitate as he plummeted into the fog and returned to the real world.

He unlocked the door, opened it, and entered the living room, startling the pacing Danitz.

Danitz looked him up and down a few times and asked cautiously and warily, "Are... you alright?"

Klein maintained Gehrman Sparrow's persona and calmly replied, "It's settled."

Settled? Danitz looked around before glancing at the bedroom, wondering whether he had hallucinated the whole thing and there had never been a Sea God curse.

What did he do in the bedroom? He freed himself from the Sea God's curse in only a minute or two? Man, this guy has an enormous secret... Danitz took two steps back and made way.

Beside a table covered with a significant number of miscellaneous items, the wheelchair-bound baldy, Kalat, wore a look of regret as he said to the tattooed man, "What a pity."

"Just a little more... He didn't pick it up, just touched it." Edmonton sighed as well.

Kalat looked at the slightly bent bone sword and fervently said to himself, "When an outsider picks up that holy sword, God will walk the land again..."

Edmonton fell to his knees as well, as though confessing to a deity.

As time passed, both Kalat and Edmonton suddenly heard two miserable shrieks.

They looked up and saw that two of their companions had collapsed. Their skin was like a weathered rock, having lost all the moisture in their bodies.

Kalat and Edmonton glanced at each other and felt a peculiar atmosphere.

Both of them stood up at the same time and looked at the table.

That milky-white holy sword cracked loudly, splintering into countless small pieces.

Chapter 539: Late-night Operations

"When an outsider picks up that holy sword, God will walk the land again.

"But what happens if the holy sword shatters?"

These two sentences echoed in Kalat and Edmonton's minds; the matter lay entirely beyond their understanding.

For a few seconds, they stared at the shattered holy sword, their expressions dull while they remained speechless.

They couldn't believe that the holy sword, which had only been touched by an outsider in the evening, had suddenly shattered!

What does this mean? What does it represent? Neither of them dared think too deeply about it. They felt as though they had returned to the very beginning. Back then, the Loen military had discovered one of the Resistance's secret bases. It was raided without warning, and their fathers were killed in the massacre. Their female relatives were abducted and sold to different places. Before receiving the grievous news, Kalat and Edmonton had felt much as they did now: weighed down, confused, expectant, and uneasy, all those emotions combining into an intense pressure.

"Return to the forest, find the High Priest, and determine the reason. Perhaps this is God's latest revelation..." Kalat turned his wheelchair and said in a deep voice.

Edmonton immediately stood up, saying to his remaining subordinates, "Continue searching for those blasphemers, but do not stay here.

"Also, instruct the believers outside not to hold any rituals or even pray!"

The unexpected turn of events made him especially vigilant.

Bayam, at a street corner near the Cathedral of Waves.

Holding a stack of white folded paper, Danitz turned his head to the side, feeling a mix of nervousness, worry, and puzzlement.

"You mean I'm to put them up at different places along the street, then finally post one on the main door of the Cathedral of Waves?"

He was terrified that the cathedral doors would suddenly open and a group of priests and bishops brandishing their fists would rush out and attack them without even asking why he had put up the poster.

Klein maintained his coldness and said, "Yes."

His original plan had been to hand the matter of Sea God Kalvetua over to Mr. Hanged Man so that he could warn the Church of Storms. However, considering that Mr. Hanged Man still held the secret of Bansy Harbor and might already have reported it, providing another important piece of information so soon would easily arouse suspicion.

As for the solution, it was very simple. He could post a few posters on the Mandated Punishers' front door so that they could see it as soon as they came out.

There was a small problem with Klein's plan: he couldn't tell which shop around the Cathedral of Waves served as the Mandated Punishers' cover. All he could do was make Danitz work a little harder and paste the posters in prominent places everywhere, including, but not limited to, the cathedral's front door.

I should've run away earlier... Why did I think about the fact that this fellow had saved my life? Perhaps I would've been converted into gold pounds if he were any other powerful adventurer... No, who would've imagined that this lunatic would resolve the Sea God's curse so easily? Fleeing might have put me in an even worse situation... Lamenting inwardly, Danitz unfolded the stack of white paper and casually glanced at the contents.

"After Leticia Dolera and her companions entered and left the Sea God's ruins on Symeem Island, the Resistance pursued them. Meanwhile, Kalat and the Resistance were trying to sell a strange, slightly curved bone sword. Sea God Kalvetua's body is on the brink of collapse, and its mental state is extremely deranged."

"..."

Danitz froze for two seconds, then he subconsciously glanced at Gehrman Sparrow.

I can understand the first few statements, but why does it say that Sea God Kalvetua is on the brink of collapse and in an extremely deranged mental state... How does Gehrman Sparrow know? Did he discover something while dealing with the Sea God's curse? And how did he deal with that curse? The organization behind him is more powerful than I thought... Could it resemble the Aurora Order and serve a true deity? The more he thought about it, the more Danitz trembled in fear.

He had first heard of the Aurora Order during a robbery at sea. Back then, he had seen a serious expression on his captain's face for the first time. Afterward, she had taught him some so-called general knowledge of the mysterious world.

Klein responded to Danitz with an emotionless gaze.

In the poster, he had eliminated all subjective assumptions and described only matters that could be confirmed with certainty, so as not to interfere with the judgment of the Church of Storms' senior officials.

He had excluded the claim that Leticia and her companions had taken an important item. He replaced the lost temple with the broader term "Sea God's ruins." Kalat and the others had obviously abandoned the base after realizing that something had happened to the Sea God, so he left that unmentioned as well.

Danitz suddenly retracted his gaze, afraid to look any further.

Captain said that the more secrets someone has, the more dangerous they are! He thought for a while and worriedly said, "If we stick it on the front door of the cathedral, it will definitely garner immense attention from the Church of Storms.

"Will they discover that I was the one who did it?"

Klein gave a terse answer.

"Yes."

"..."

Danitz forced a smile and said, "Then wouldn't I be in grave danger?"

Klein used his Clown ability to control his expression and calmly replied, "You were already a pirate who has a bounty for your head."

Do you think you can swagger down the main streets of Bayam now? Klein lampooned inwardly.

That's true. No matter what, they will still capture me and claim my bounty... No, there's something wrong with that! Danitz blurted out, "But my bounty will increase!"

Klein looked at him without saying anything. He merely grinned.

For a moment, Danitz thought he heard a rhetorical question.

Isn't this a good thing?

A good thing, my ass! With a dry chuckle, Danitz took the stack of posters and, taking advantage of the strong winds and late hour, pasted them in prominent spots along the streets near the Cathedral of Waves.

It really does look like putting up small advertisements... Klein observed from afar with one hand in his pocket and commented inwardly.

He sighed and thought, It's good to have an assistant. At least I don't have to do something that tarnishes my reputation... If I were in Tingen or Backlund and something like that happened... The scene would be too beautiful to imagine...

Danitz finally reached outside the Cathedral of Waves, plastered the poster on the front door, clenched his fist, and pounded on the door.

After finishing all of this, he turned around and ran, as if there were ten Mandated Punishers running after him from behind.

Klein didn't dare be careless. He pulled out a paper figurine, snapped it open, and burned it to ashes before walking briskly toward another street.

After his recent encounters with the Mandated Punishers, he had gained a deep understanding of their style and didn't dare be the least bit careless.

It was only when they were far away from the Cathedral of Waves that they slowed down and regained their normal walking speed.

Danitz had a good constitution; his face wasn't flushed nor was he panting.

He was slightly puzzled and asked, "Why didn't you just write to the police or throw it in the governor-general's office?"

Before Klein could reply, he had already realized why.

That's right. The lower-ranking police and the staff of the governor-general's office are locals. They might well sympathize with the Resistance or secretly believe in the Sea God.

As they spoke, they turned a corner and saw an enormous red building ahead. The interior was brightly lit, and music could be heard from within. People and carriages streamed in and out through the door, giving no indication that the hour was late.

"Ha, we actually ended up walking here." After a second of hesitation, a smile appeared on Danitz's face, a smile that all men understood.

Red Theater? Klein, who was rich in theoretical knowledge, suddenly came to a realization.

Danitz laughed mischievously.

"This is one of the most famous places in the entire Sonia Sea. There are mysterious and flirtatious Balam girls, passionate Feynapotter girls, open and alluring Intis maidens, tall and graceful Feysac ladies, conservative and quiet Loen women, gentle and docile natives..."

This fellow knows a lot... He comes often? Klein swept a glance at Blazing and said nothing.

For some reason, Danitz felt as though he had been seen through, and he immediately laughed awkwardly.

"This is the sort of thing pirates boast about. I've only been here a few times.

"I didn't have much money in the past. I could only afford some ordinary ones, and that was mainly around the Fog Sea. Afterward, I joined the Golden Dream..."

No wonder... Although Vice Admiral Iceberg's men receive rather good benefits and often share in the treasure, it's still quite difficult to save enough to buy several houses in Bayam... Compared to the typical pirate, this fellow at least knows restraint and saves his money... Klein thought with sudden understanding.

Danitz didn't wish to continue the discussion, so he changed the subject.

"There are many streetwalkers in Bayam, especially over there."

He pointed into the distance and said, "A pirate once conducted an experiment. He knocked on random doors, offered money, and asked to sleep with the mistress of the house. In the end, three or four families out of ten agreed. Tsk, if it were someone like you, with the typical Loen look, almost no one would refuse. They might even hide their daughters to keep you from noticing them. Heh heh, Loen's Navy commits many murders and rapes here every year. They aren't any better than pirates, but they're merely sent back home and made to pay small fines."

Klein listened quietly, and he suddenly thought back to the evening when the believers of the Sea God were praying around the pool. He thought back to their feverish and numb faces.

Backlund, within the Odora family's villa.

Emlyn White, who had taken the initiative to expose certain problems about himself, nervously followed Cosmi underground. He once again arrived in the gray stone hall where the black iron coffin was kept.

"Esteemed Lord Nibbs, why have you summoned me?" Although Emlyn had rehearsed this scene in his mind dozens of times, he still couldn't completely remove the tension and apprehension in his heart.

In this state, he suddenly realized something. From the perspective of theater studies, the role he was playing should conceal his worries and fears.

There's no need to conceal anything deliberately... I did well! Emlyn suddenly became much calmer.

A deep, aged voice sounded from the coffin that was covered with symbols and magic labels.

"To reward you.

"For the Ancestor, you risked your life to pray to The Fool. Although you didn't receive a response, you bore an enormous risk. This is an act that needs to be rewarded.

"Here is an acceptance draft for 7,000 pounds as your reward. I couldn't give it to you promptly because of the Great Smog of Backlund, but it's never too late.

"At the same time, you must always be aware of yourself and not relax. If anything abnormal happens, immediately inform Cosmi."

He really gave me money... Emlyn almost forgot to close his mouth.

Chapter 540: Suppression

Even when Emlyn White left the Odora family's underground region, he still found things surreal. He couldn't believe that he could so easily be rewarded with 7,000 pounds.

The acceptance draft felt almost weightless in his hand, leaving him keenly aware of the absurdity of reality.

The Hanged Man's method was really effective... Instead of exposing and punishing me, Lord Nibbs gave me a generous reward. He did so solely to feign ignorance while encouraging me to make further attempts that he can observe in secret... Are the Sanguine's thoughts really that complicated too... Emlyn sighed, his mind adrift.

Quickly, he stopped his thoughts from wandering and turned his attention back to the reward of 7,000 pounds.

With this, I can buy that baron's remains from The Hanged Man and concoct it into a potion...

I'll soon become a baron--Sanguine Baron, Lord Emlyn White!

Emlyn's eyes lit up as his footsteps turned significantly brisk.

Among the Sanguine, anyone who wasn't granted the corresponding ritual by the elders would remain stuck at the level into which they were born. Advancing through the mere passage of time was almost impossible.

Unless one was extremely fortunate and had an elder relative nearing the end of their lifespan who had no choice but to bestow their powers upon a descendant through a ritual, most of Emlyn's Sanguine peers would remain stuck at "adulthood." They might have no chance of obtaining an "aristocratic title" for decades.

Emlyn's father and mother had lived for many years, but to this day, neither had become a baron. They couldn't even see any hope of doing so!

As Emlyn walked out the door, he couldn't help but glance at the nearby Cosmi Odora.

This elderly Sanguine, who was already active during the Roselle era, has only now become a baron... And I'm about to attain the same rank! One day, I will become a Sanguine marquis like Lord Nibbs! No, a duke, or even a prince! Only then will I be able to shoulder the responsibility of being the Sanguine's messiah... Yes, the baron's remains cost only about four thousand pounds. I'll have plenty of money left. I can even buy a few more dolls and give them new clothes... Emlyn unconsciously straightened his back and walked with increasing pride.

In the Berg household in the City of Silver.

Derrick lit some candles and prepared for the sacrificial ritual.

The lightning frequency alternated several times before he finally found an opportunity.

He was certain that the Chief couldn't keep an eye on him at that moment, because he had left the City of Silver with the somewhat recovered little boy, Jack, and a group of explorers to search for the so-called route leading from the coast to the destroyed city.

It didn't take long for Derrick to set up everything and say Mr. Fool's honorific name in a reverent, low voice.

With practiced care and precision, he sacrificed the Spirit Eater's stomach pouch needed by Miss Magician and the Beyonder ingredients requested by Mr. Hanged Man to the ruler above the gray fog.

There were many cracks on the City of Silver's solid city walls, but they were filled to the brim with black hard soil. Strands of dense weeds grew on them, swaying in the wind like human hair.

All of a sudden, all of them stood up as if they wanted to capture something, but they turned limp without any strength left in them.

Early in the morning, at the Cathedral of Waves.

Alger Wilson, who had come to collect the bounty, heard an important piece of news from the diocese bishop, Chogo.

Leticia Dolera of the Moses Ascetic Order had disguised herself as an archaeologist and entered the depths of Symeem Island's jungle. Whatever she had done had grievously injured Sea God Kalvetua, who had been in hiding for years, and pushed it to the verge of collapse. As a result, it was frantically searching for a means of survival.

Rumor had it that this evil spirit, which called itself the "Sea God," had been discovered long ago by two powerful military cardinals. After they defeated it with a Sealed Artifact, it had barely managed to escape and hide... This situation had persisted for more than a hundred years. Without any fundamental change, why would it suddenly collapse and become unable to maintain its existence? Alger frowned slightly, wondering what had changed.

A situation deliberately created by the Moses Ascetic Order?

But why didn't they do so in the past hundred years?

To complement one of their other plans?

Between speculation and doubt, Alger suddenly became aware of an important factor.

The biggest and most fundamental difference between the last hundred years and now was that The World had come to Bayam!

Mr. Fool's Blessed had come to the Rorsted Archipelago!

Does his appearance in a place indicate that something momentous is brewing or about to happen? First, there was the Great Smog of Backlund, and then the abnormality in Bansy Harbor. Now, there's Sea God Kalvetua's dying struggle and the Moses Ascetic Order's unknown plot... No, to be precise, wherever a major problem is brewing or about to occur, Mr. Fool's Blessed will be there! They follow Mr. Fool's arrangements and investigate the activities of secret organizations, evil gods, and angels! As soon as Alger's train of thought shifted, he experienced a sudden flash of insight, feeling as though he had grasped the truth.

It's not that things happen wherever The World is, but that The World and the other Blessed appear whenever something is about to happen!

What benefit does this bring Mr. Fool? Is the plan solely to thwart the enemy's schemes, or does it help "Him" lift his seal and release more power? Alger suppressed his doubts and decided to seize the opportunity to report the earlier intelligence.

He clenched his right hand into a fist and pressed it against his left breast. He said with a look of hesitation, "Your Excellency, while pursuing the remnant forces of Steel, I heard a piece of intel."

"What is it?" Chogo had originally planned to send this bishop-ranked captain out into the sea to search for traces of the Resistance, but he was forcibly interrupted by him. For a moment, he felt irritated.

Alger pretended to recall and said, "Someone mentioned Bansy Harbor in a conversation. They said an abnormality had occurred there, but the descendants of the Medici family were well hidden and weren't discovered."

Bansy Harbor, abnormality... Chogo took a step forward and pressed, "What else did they say?"

"Nothing else, apart from mentioning a fallen bishop of the Church. Your Excellency, is the Medici family a dark family from the Fourth Epoch?" Alger asked deliberately.

Chogo's expression sank.

"That's not something you should know.

"I'll report it to His Eminence Kottman at once."

Kottman was a Church of Storms Cardinal, the Archbishop of Rorsted Sea, a high-ranking deacon of the Mandated Punishers, and the true ruler of the Beyonder world in the archipelago, Jahn Kottman.

Chogo thought for a moment before asking, "Who was the person who mentioned this? What does he look like?"

Alger was long prepared.

"I don't know them, and they never showed up again.

"I remember that the person mentioning Bansy Harbor and the Medici family was an ordinary-looking, young man with a thin face, a broad forehead, black eyes, and black hair. He wore a monocle.

"He seemed to notice that I was eavesdropping but he didn't show any anger. Instead, he smiled at me."

Alger had been describing Blasphemer Amon!

He wanted the cardinals to believe that the exposure of the secret regarding the Medici family and Bansy Harbor was the result of a struggle between the Kings of Angels.

He's truly the perfect person to use as an excuse... "He" wouldn't appear to defend himself, and even if "He" did, no one would believe it... And clearly, any divination concerning him would yield no result... If they use Beyonder means to verify my source, there will be strong signs of interference from Mr. Fool, preventing them from obtaining an accurate answer. From the looks of it, this is equivalent to something Amon might do... Alger thought with considerable relief.

Chogo nodded lightly.

"Find these people and trace the whereabouts of the Resistance."

"Yes, Your Excellency!" Alger answered with a look of piety and struck his right fist on his left breast.

Dark clouds covered the sky as the rain fell down in torrents, creating white fog in the process.

In the port of Bayam, the blue water rose slowly but firmly, and the freighters and liners rocked like leaves fluttering in midair.

The rain continued to fall, and the sea level gradually approached the dyke. Water flooded many parts of the city, and the atmosphere grew intensely oppressive.

One by one, the fanatical and numb locals, in their Taraba shirts and tattered jackets, came to the edge of the cliff or the dyke before jumping into the sea.

Their flesh rapidly lost moisture as they fell, and they were already desiccated corpses by the time they struck the sea.

A rioting group seized a Navy sailor as he walked out of a base. They furiously bit him to death, reducing him to a mangled, bloody mess and causing chaos in the streets.

Whoosh!

Boom!

The dyke collapsed, and the rising seawater poured into Bayam City.

When Klein jolted awake, his mind was filled with the scene from his dream.

For a Seer, this was a very clear revelation!

Sea God Kalvetua has failed to find a way to survive and has completely given up, causing it to go utterly mad. Does it intend to create a storm, stir up a tsunami, and drown the Rorsted Archipelago so that countless people can join it in death? At the same time, its devotees are beginning to commit extreme acts... I've already informed the Church of Storms. They'll likely be able to stop it... No, even if I hadn't informed them, they would definitely sense a problem when such a situation arose. They would then make the necessary response... Klein rolled to his feet, put on his clothes, and walked out of the bedroom.

He saw Blazing Danitz standing by the window, looking out.

He saw clouds hanging low as rain poured down in a seemingly endless torrent.

The signs have appeared? Klein walked over to Danitz, who was also gazing out at the oppressive weather. He could faintly hear the abnormal sound of the tide.

In the midst of silence, the sound of explosive thunder suddenly rang out in the air. The leaden-colored clouds quickly split apart, and the falling rain lost its source. In the direction of the docks, everything returned to normal.

The morning sun shone from high in the sky, bathing Bayam in holy light.

Danitz hissed and said to himself, "Jahn Kottman changed the weather..."

Jahn Kottman... The Church of Storms Cardinal and high-ranking deacon of the Mandated Punishers? He suppressed Kalvetua's powers? Klein withdrew his gaze in thought.

Danitz heaved a sigh of relief.

"I was rather worried just now. Heh heh, I was afraid that the Sea God, which is on the brink of collapse, would create a disaster.

"But there's Jahn Kottman."

Seeing that Gehrman Sparrow remained silent, he continued, "At sea, even the King of the Five Seas and Queen Mystic aren't his equals.

"Captain said he's a Sequence 3 demigod. The potion's name is...

"It's... Sea King!"

Chapter 541: Visitor

Sea King... Upon hearing the name of Jahn Kottman's Sequence, the first thing Klein thought of was the complete honorific name of the Lord of Storms: "The King of the Skies, the Emperor of the Seas, the Lord of Calamity, the God of Storms!"

Sequence 3 is Sea King... Sequence 0 contains the elements of Sea Emperor, so it does match well... I wonder what Sequence 0 of the Storm pathway is called... Klein looked out the window again and saw that, although the weather was still gloomy, the morning sun was up. The sound of the tide had retreated, and the rain had stopped.

He reined in his thoughts and analyzed the situation using the information Danitz had revealed.

The potion is named Sea King, which means that the corresponding Sequence 3 demigods, Saints, have to act as Sea Kings. All acting rests on one premise: possessing all the necessary powers...

As a Sea King, he would definitely be a powerful ruler of the seas within his domain, even if that domain is limited. He would be able to walk freely on the seabed, summon tsunamis at will, raise the sea level, and control marine life... Fighting on their "home turf," Sea Kings are absolutely capable of suppressing all demigods of the same level... The King of the Five Seas and Queen Mystic are roughly at this level as well. Are the differences in strength merely due to their differing degrees of digestion and mastery of their powers?

But no matter what, as long as they're at sea, Sea Kings are nearly unbeatable...

With the abilities displayed by the Sea King, coupled with the oceanic environment, if one hasn't seen the Eternal Blazing Sun, True Creator, and other true gods, it isn't hard to understand why people would worship him, believe in him, and pray to him...

Many of the deities who were worshiped by primitive peoples might be at this level. They might not even be angels...

Yes, "do not look directly at God" refers to a true deity. Previously, Sea God Kalvetua didn't give me such a feeling, nor did Amon's avatar. Of course, I can't be sure if the true body of a King of Angels has some kind of attribute that also doesn't allow one to look directly at them...

One is a Sea God on the verge of collapse and, at most, a Sequence 3, while the other is a Sea King in good condition who can use Sealed Artifacts at any time. The outcome is obvious. Jahn Kottman would definitely be able to suppress Kalvetua's madness and prevent the sea from drowning Bayam. He would keep the entirety of Blue Mountain Island and its many cities from becoming ruins beneath the sea...

Just wait a few more days. Kalvetua's madness will dissipate completely, resolving the matter. This is the simplest and most effective way to deal with the situation, and it wouldn't bring about any panic at all. Most people here wouldn't even detect anything amiss.

However, there are also some problems. First, nothing else must go wrong. It's a mystery what that archaeologist, Leticia, did on Symeem Island. She had single-handedly brought about the Sea God's death. Perhaps the forces backing her--either the Moses Ascetic Order or Element Dawn--might seize the opportunity to seek something. This is the greatest latent danger. Yes, there should also be a High-Sequence Beyonder in the governor-general's office and the military. This is one of the kingdom's colonial bases in the Central Sonia Sea... Things shouldn't turn out too badly...

Then, there are the fanatical believers who will most likely become sacrifices as Kalvetua becomes madder and closer to its death. They are like stalks during the harvest, falling down in bunches.

However, for the Church of Storms, this isn't such a bad development. The most pious heretics would die with their deity, saving the Church the trouble of identifying and dealing with them. Those who aren't too pious wouldn't be affected much and could potentially be reformed... The only drawback is that the Rorsted Archipelago would suffer a labor shortage for a long time. Although that would be troublesome, it could be resolved if they gritted their teeth and endured it. Thus, the Church of Storms and Sea King Jahn Kottman are more likely to sit back and do nothing... Phew, I wonder how many people will die in the native enclaves and slums because of this... Klein's thoughts were suddenly interrupted by the synchronized tread of boots and a roar high in the sky.

Instinctively, he looked up and saw airships painted in dark-blue, with several cannon muzzles and machine guns sticking out, fly past him as they headed in different directions.

On the main street, soldiers in red coats, white pants, and black leather boots were lined up in neat rows. They were carrying rifles and dragging cannons as contingents of them moved past.

A tense, solemn atmosphere swept through the city.

This is a colony... A complicated mixture of emotions rose inexplicably within Klein, and he sighed to himself.

"I wonder how long it will take the Church to get rid of that sea serpent and find the place where it's hidden. That place is definitely a treasure trove with countless precious items..." Danitz, whose main job was a treasure hunter, suddenly spoke, his voice tinged with anticipation and regret.

His attitude had changed extremely quickly. He had already reduced the Sea God to a sea serpent, using "it" as a pronoun.

The Church won't do anything other than keep the matter suppressed. They'll see Kalvetua perish just from waiting for a few days... Of course, members of the Church of Storms might not have that kind of patience, especially when I've heard that Jahn Kottman's main job is being a high-ranking deacon of the Mandated Punishers. It's just that with the archipelago isolated overseas, he also works part-time as a cardinal to unify his authority. Perhaps his style of doing things is more like that of a Mandated Punisher... The place where Kalvetua is hiding? That ruin is almost integrated into the spirit world. Finding it wouldn't be so easy; otherwise, it wouldn't have led such an abject existence until today... At this thought, Klein suddenly had an idea.

Finding the ruin where Kalvetua was hiding would be extremely difficult from the real world. Since it has already perished, it's not something that can be found in a year or so, unless more accurate information is obtained.

But if the search was done from the spirit world?

The spirit world would make it even harder to pinpoint its location, but there are still options. Snake of Mercury Will Auceptin had once done so with the help of his folded crane... I still have no idea how to do that exactly, but that's not important. I can ask Mr. Azik. Death's domain controls part of the authority of the spirit world... The Underworld, or should I say "Hell," was created by Phoenix Ancestor Gregrace in the spirit world... A thought flashed through Klein's mind. He took out the ancient and exquisite copper whistle, put it to his mouth, and blew into it.

He believed that even if he returned to the bedroom or entered the washroom, the messenger's massive body would be discovered by Danitz, who similarly had a nontrivial spiritual perception, so he didn't avoid him.

Danitz was imagining the treasures of Sea God Kalvetua when he suddenly felt a chill at his neck.

His spiritual intuition stirred, and he quickly activated his Spirit Vision before looking to the side. There, he saw white bones spewing out from the floor and flying upwards, forming a giant skeleton with an illusory head that pierced through the ceiling.

The skeleton lowered its head slightly; the two pitch-black flames in its eye sockets were visible even through the ceiling.

The oppressive presence of its massive body made Danitz jump to the side. His body was half-bent, and he conjured a scarlet flame in the palm of his right hand.

What kind of monster is this? Danitz looked at Gehrman Sparrow in surprise, only to see him holding a copper whistle and lifting his head as he looked at the skeletal monster.

Klein looked up at the huge messenger while it looked down at him. Both parties seemed frozen in place.

...Tsk, I was too anxious. I summoned the messenger before I even wrote the letter... Should I make it stay here or let it return first and let it come back later? I'm Gehrman Sparrow now, yes-- Gehrman Sparrow! Klein didn't say anything. He calmly withdrew his gaze, unhurriedly found pen and paper, and began to write the letter.

He gave a general account of the matter involving Sea God Kalvetua, but concealed the fact that he had nearly been possessed and had relied on the gray fog to dispel the curse. In his description of the dream he had just experienced, he included information about the ruins where Kalvetua hid.

"Perhaps, a solution can be produced using the spirit world, but I lack the corresponding knowledge and hope to receive your guidance."

Klein folded the paper and turned to see that the messenger had clenched its hand at some point.

He pretended not to notice anything and threw the letter up.

The messenger paused for a second, then it opened its hand and caught the letter.

Its body suddenly disintegrated, and its bones crumbled down, drilling into the floor.

"What... What was that?" Danitz finally uttered a sound.

Klein glanced at him and replied calmly, "Messenger."

Messenger? Danitz was stunned for a moment before understanding what he meant.

Such a huge and terrifying monster is actually a messenger used for delivering letters? Indeed, there's a powerful secret organization behind Gehrman Sparrow! I-if I had such a messenger, everyone on the ship would envy me. It would be really, really cool! Danitz thought of how he would brag and flaunt his messenger when he returned to the ship.

Putting away Azik's copper whistle, Klein pulled over a chair and sat down, ready to eat breakfast shortly.

After a while, he heard knocking at the door.

Danitz warily approached the door and looked through the peephole. The visitor was a middle-aged man wearing a boat-shaped hat.

"Elland? How did you find this place?" Danitz asked as he opened the door.

The visitor was the captain of the White Agate, Just Elland.

With wrinkles at the corners of his eyes, Elland looked into the room and chuckled.

"When you were checking into this hotel, you used Gehrman Sparrow's name for the registration. It was easy to find with a quick search."

That's because this identity is quite proper and innocent. Besides, in the eyes of the Church of Storms, I belong to the military... Klein slowly stood up and said to Elland, "What happened?"

Elland pointed outside and said, "Something happened in Bayam, but it's not a big problem. The military has joined forces with the Church, and they're currently conducting a search and arrest operation throughout the city. They're searching for a few powerful Beyonders who are nominally archaeologists.

"In order to find the target as soon as possible, the military has used all their resources, but it's still not enough for such a large city. Heh heh, they believe that although you're of unknown origin, you're very friendly to us. They hope you can help with the search and prevent any accidents from happening. The corresponding remuneration will be available after the matter is resolved."

This is all thanks to you for exaggerating my degree of friendliness... That is to say, after the Church of the Goddess and the Church of Steam and Machinery, I can once again receive money from the military? For a moment, Klein felt mixed feelings.

Seeing that he didn't answer immediately, Elland added, "Although there won't be any major problems, the earlier we find the target, the sooner we can contain the resulting disaster.

"And perhaps that might save a few more people."

Klein fell silent for a moment before gently nodding.

"Okay."

Chapter 542: Bayam Under Curfew

Seeing Gehrman Sparrow put on his coat and hat and pick up his cane, Danitz recalled that he had apparently been forgotten.

He coughed once, and under the gaze of two pairs of eyes, he said, "D-do I need to follow?"

It's best not to... Who knows what would happen! Before this, we merely stopped at Bansy Harbor, yet we ended up encountering an extremely bizarre situation. Last night, I brought Gehrman Sparrow to visit the Resistance's liaison and ended up embroiled in the Sea God's curse. If I follow this madman to search for Leticia and the other archaeologists today, who knows what will happen? Danitz lowered his gaze to his left arm, which was still in a splint. In a matter of days, he felt that he had experienced more than he normally would in months or even half a year.

"You can stay here, but someone will be here for the sweep later." Elland laughed.

Someone will sweep this area? And then the great pirate Blazing would be caught and turned into gold pounds? Danitz frowned and laughed dryly.

"Aside from the reward, there aren't many opportunities to earn money from the military. I'm very willing to give it a try.

"The only problem is that you'll have to wait a few minutes. I'll don a disguise, Mr. Captain. I don't want to put you on the spot by causing unnecessary misunderstandings."

If I don't disguise myself, a great pirate like me taking part in an operation with the military and the Church will only result in my immediate arrest... Danitz imagined himself pinned down with a knee crushing his back, struggling like a catfish.

After thinking for a few seconds, Elland took out an iron-black mask from his inside pocket and tossed it over.

"Just put it on. I will explain the rest."

Yes, there's no need to waste time on useless disguises... Klein evaluated inwardly.

Without a word, he turned the handle and walked out of the room.

Elland followed close behind, and Danitz hurried to catch up with them as he grabbed his coat and put on the iron mask.

When they reached the street where there was deep floodwater but no pedestrians, Klein pressed down on his hat and asked, "How do we start?"

Elland laughed.

"In regions.

"My Beyonder profession has some special characteristics. As long as I see a person in the flesh, in a photograph, or in a sketch, I'll be able to commit the target's appearance firmly to memory and gain an additional supernatural sense. Yes, I can also detect abnormalities and pick up faint traces. Together, these abilities allow me to conduct investigative sweeps very efficiently."

Sequence 8 Sheriff of the Arbiter pathway... Klein nodded thoughtfully and asked as they walked, "Do you have their belongings?"

The poster Danitz had posted last night had a portrait of Leticia attached to it. Klein had used ritualistic magic to pray to himself and produce it.

"No." Elland shook his head. "We have yet to learn of their previous whereabouts. The only things we can confirm are that they didn't return from Symeem Island until around 3 p.m. yesterday. After 2 p.m., no passenger ships left the docks, and due to this morning's weather, ships are only being allowed to enter."

In other words, Leticia and company haven't left by boat yet... Klein understood what Elland meant.

Danitz suddenly let out a sneer.

"That doesn't mean anything. Maybe they left Bayam yesterday afternoon and went to the other cities on the island."

Blue Mountain Island was the largest island in the Rorsted Archipelago. It was vast, with dense forests and abundant mineral resources. Consequently, the island had many cities, all built around fertile land or astonishingly rich mineral deposits.

To seize this wealth, the Loen Kingdom first bribed the indigenous princes, then resorted to force, and finally set up the governor-general's office. In a more efficient manner, it opened wide roads leading to cities and completed several important railways--this was in the form of establishing a corresponding railway company to sell shares and raise funds on the Backlund Stock Exchange.

Of course, these large projects were accompanied by the deaths of many local people, dangerous construction sites, excessive work, almost slave-like treatment, and meager wages, which allowed bodies to be buried one after another under the roadbed and railroad ties.

To this day, a large number of locals still loathed the railway, believing that it had devoured countless lives and brought untold suffering. It was a symbol of evil gods and devils.

Elland turned his head to glance at Danitz and said, "If they leave by land, then there's nothing to worry about."

"Why?" Danitz asked, puzzled.

It's very simple. The roads leading through the forest are controlled by the Resistance, and the majority of the Resistance are believers of the Sea God. Hence, how would Leticia and the others, who were responsible for Kalvetua's breakdown, dare to pass through these regions at night? If they dared to, then it can only mean one thing; they didn't realize the severity of the consequences of what they had done in the Sea God ruins on Symeem Island. This also negates the conjecture that either the Moses Ascetic Order or Element Dawn has other motives... Klein controlled the urge to shake his head, and he followed Elland into another street.

Without explaining anything, Elland took out a notice and handed it to Gehrman Sparrow.

"The main target is this woman."

I drew this woman... Klein glanced at it before tossing it to Danitz.

At this moment, they heard the intense sound of fighting coming from the side room.

"She has been found?" Danitz asked the question Klein wanted to ask.

"Probably not." Elland shook his head. "According to the orders, the first thing to do when discovering the target is to release red fireworks. Once it appears, everyone will close in on that location. If one encounters other wanted criminals who they cannot handle alone, they are to release orange fireworks. Surrounding teams would rush over to reinforce them. If they're ordinary pirates or criminals, we are to handle them ourselves. Let's wait. Perhaps, it's because the fireworks couldn't be released in time..."

While he was talking, the glass on the third story of the house facing the street shattered with a crack. A bear-like brawny man jumped down. His speed was extremely fast as he ran into the distance like a cheetah.

At this moment, an enormous shadow enveloped him, and Gatling sounds came from the sky above.

The brawny man's body was almost torn apart by the machine gun fire as he fell to the ground without putting up any resistance. Blood flowed out and dyed the ground red. If the residents weren't forbidden to leave their homes, then they would've screamed.

At some point, the airship had floated overhead, but it didn't stop and instead turned in another direction.

"Goltadt." Danitz recognized the victim.

Seeing Gehrman Sparrow turn his head over, he forced a smile and said, "This is the leader of a pirate crew. He's from Feysac, with a bounty of 950 pounds."

Feysac... So they really are savages... He actually ran on a curfewed street, completely unaware that he should guard against attacks from above... That's right. Some pirates spent the entire night in a drunken stupor. They have no idea that even airships have been dispatched... If he had planned his escape route, then he might've been able to dodge the machine gun fire... Klein looked away and watched the monster in dark-blue paint fly over the roof.

When Danitz saw the pirate's outcome, he was grateful that he had followed Gehrman out.

Seeing that the alert over here had been lifted, Elland didn't linger any longer and led Klein and Danitz to the area that he was in charge of.

After walking quickly for five or six minutes, they saw a barricade at the intersection in front of them. Guns were mounted and cannons were set up. Loen soldiers in red uniforms stood guard over the area in silence.

On the other side of the barricade, twenty to thirty corpses lay scattered on the ground, forming a vanguard formation.

Their clothes were tattered and their faces gaunt, clearly indicating that they were natives.

A little further away, several young native children were hiding in the corner. They were quietly looking at them in fear. Their eyes were dark and their faces were dirty.

Klein and company fell silent for a few seconds before circling around the area.

Backlund, Cherwood Borough.

Fors lifted the ceramic cup from the table and felt the heat.

She roused herself and quietly waited for any changes.

The temperature of the hot water dropped rapidly, and a thin layer of ice appeared on the surface of the liquid. White frost appeared on the rim of the cup.

"I'm a Trickmaster now..." Fors closed her eyes in delight.

She didn't waste any time after receiving the Spirit Eater's stomach pouch, immediately concocting the potion and completing the advancement. She obtained quite a number of spells with lower potency.

Among them, Fors's favorites were Fog, Wind, Flash, Freezing, Electric Shock, and Tumble, which made people slip.

Only at this point did she feel that she was a complete Beyonder. She was no longer someone who could only pass through walls or rely solely on ritualistic magic.

At almost noon, Elland, with the help of Klein and Danitz, had completed most of the investigation.

"Let's eat some bread and drink some water before continuing." He took off his boat-shaped hat and spoke with parched lips.

Klein was about to nod when he saw an orange firework fly into the air not far away.

Without hesitation, Elland put on his hat and ran in that direction.

"I'll go and support them."

"Orange means other wanted criminals that cannot be dealt with... Who could it be?" Danitz said to himself with interest.

He switched to a gait of raising his legs high as he proceeded forward, hoping that the battle would be over before he arrived. Then, he saw Gehrman Sparrow follow behind Just Elland, leaving him alone by himself.

Glancing at the "dark-blue monster" flying in his direction, Danitz let out a hollow laugh and quickened his pace.

Two minutes later, they arrived at their destination and saw a house with a lawn facing the street. Three or four military personnel were lying on the ground. Their faces were pale, and their bodies were trembling as if they had been thrown into a frozen lake.

The farther Klein walked in that direction, the colder it became. It was as if he had arrived in the polar regions.

Soon, he discovered that the ditches outside the house were filled with thick snow.

Just then, a burst of female laughter came from inside the house at varying pitches, alternately frenzied and eerie.

"Hahaha...

"Gyahaahaahaa...

"Hahaha...

"Gyahaahaahaa..."

Danitz couldn't help but stop and touch his neck, which was covered in goosebumps, with his right hand.

With a clanging sound, the window opened and a charred body flew out.

It landed hard on the ground, as if it were caught in an inferno.

With just a glance, Klein was able to tell through his spiritual intuition that this was one of the three male adventurers who had followed Leticia.

Chapter 543: The Reality That Exceeds Expectations

The target appears to have been found... Klein looked away and made a preliminary judgment.

As there were no portraits, the dead adventurer's face was burned black, which meant that Elland clearly didn't recognize this as one of their targets. After observing the situation and listening to the creepy laughter for a few seconds, he pointed to the three or four military personnel lying outside the house.

"Drag them back first, then wait for the other teams to arrive before launching our attack.

"Or..."

He hesitated for a moment, then he raised his head to look at the approaching dark-blue airship.

Without another word, and without instructing Klein and Danitz, Elland ran to the unconscious military personnel whose faces were purple.

Tap. Tap. Tap... The closer he got, the weaker his steps became. In the end, his body became stiff and every step he took became extremely difficult.

Elland, who had been the boatswain of the Imperial Navy, was experienced. He decisively stopped moving forward and turned around slowly, walking back one step at a time.

The farther he retreated, the easier his movements became. However, he was still shaking uncontrollably, and his eyebrows and temples were covered in a thin layer of frost.

Freezing this rapidly defies common sense... Extreme cold reminiscent of a disaster... Elland's attempt allowed Klein to grasp how dangerous the area was, and he could only sigh inwardly.

Unfortunately, the Sun Brooch isn't able to produce actual heat. It only stimulates the mind. Although it can produce tangible effects in the body, it will only allow a person to withstand this cold for three to four seconds at most...

Looking at Elland's chattering teeth and how he was unable to open his mouth despite wanting to say something, Klein's gaze swept over Danitz.

He threw his cane and said in a low voice, "Fire."

Fire? Danitz was stunned at first, but he quickly understood Gehrman Sparrow.

He had also witnessed the entire process of Elland's failure!

A scarlet fireball that couldn't be considered bright formed on Danitz's right palm, and he threw it beside the military personnel.

The fireball traveled for nearly twenty meters and then landed on the ground without exploding. Instead, it quietly rose into the air.

The scarlet pillar of fire emitted sizzling sounds as it continuously shrank and quickly dimmed.

Suddenly, it expanded, as though making one last desperate struggle before perishing.

Klein, wearing a black tweed coat, jumped out and landed right next to the military personnel.

He bent down, reached out with both hands, and grabbed the man's clothes.

Then, he planted his feet, drove power through his waist, and threw the man out.

The serviceman immediately flew through the air and landed ten meters away, safely outside the coldest part of the area.

After doing this, Klein snapped his fingers and lit a match in his pocket before the chill seeped into his body.

The scarlet streams of flames gushed out like water, instantly enveloping him.

By the time everything faded, Klein had disappeared from his location.

Flames leaped out, flickering and extinguishing from time to time. With the help of Danitz's fireballs and his own matches, Klein repeatedly phased about in the extremely cold area, easily throwing out several military personnel.

After two to three attempts, he carried the last member of the military back to his original position.

Elland had clearly recovered as he gave a thumbs up.

"I'm very glad and honored to have made the decision to ask for your help today."

Captain, I like your tactful praise... Also, remember to raise the remuneration... Klein nodded politely, half turned, and looked at the open windows of the house. He heard the laughter grow stranger.

Danitz pursed his lips to the side and silently cursed Elland.

Did you not see the contribution I made?

Although my fireball has become something akin to a prop for a magic show, it still made actual contributions!

This guy's nickname is Just Elland, but he's not just at all!

As he muttered, a shadow loomed over the area, and the airship had arrived overhead.

"Evacuate the people in the surrounding houses!" an officer shouted from the airship.

After Elland and two other teams cleared several nearby buildings, the airship lowered its altitude and adjusted its cannon muzzles.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The cannons fired continuously, bombarding the house which was still filled with creepy laughter.

Hearing the explosions and seeing the flashes of flames, Klein sighed as he held his cane.

This was the artillery bombardment he had advocated. He had once proposed it in Tingen City but was unable to put it into practice. Today, however, the colonial forces were carrying it out before his eyes.

Elland and the others stood guard in different positions amid the deafening cannon fire, so as to prevent the people or perhaps monsters inside from breaking out.

Soon the house collapsed, and smoke rose from the piles of masonry. All the snow and ice was gone.

Suddenly, a thick bolt of lightning flashed and struck the airship head-on.

Klein frowned. He saw that the airship was completely still and heard a steam boiler produce a jarring sound.

The dark-blue monster in the sky lost some control. Thick smoke began to billow out as it began listing downward.

Seems like they're being shielded by ammunition and being protected by an outer layer of air... I thought it would cause an explosion, blasting the airship to pieces... Klein turned his full attention back to the collapsed house.

When he initially felt the extreme coldness and saw the male adventurer's charred body, he thought he had encountered another demoness--one who grasped the Witch potion formula. Having dealt with demonesses several times, he knew that Beyonders of this pathway could control ice and black flames from Sequence 7.

But that flash of lightning had forced him to discard that judgment. He believed that Leticia was indeed a member of the Moses Ascetic Order or Element Dawn, a real woman.

The moment Klein arrived at this conclusion, the pile of bricks and wood was flung aside. A bright red, charred figure crawled out, propping itself up on its elbows.

The figure was female, and Leticia's original appearance was barely recognizable. Elland and the others were shocked to discover that they had already found their target. However, compared to before, Leticia's current state was both terrifying and miserable.

Her body was covered in black spots. Artillery shells had torn bloody holes across her body. White fascia that seemed to have a life of its own was squirming inside her body.

The top of her head had split open, and her brain oozed out, sticking to the surface like the palms of children overlapping each other.

Her gray eyes were out of focus, one of them blazing with fire, the other flashing with lightning.

Two heads that were screaming in pain were embedded in her abdomen beneath her chest. They were the other two male adventurers.

Not only has she lost control, but she also appears to be corrupted... She was already severely injured from the previous bombardment, and her aura had weakened drastically... Klein didn't take action and instead watched as the Beyonders from the military began to attack.

Psychic Piercing, Whip of Pain, Purifying Bullets, and small-caliber gunfire rained down... With this series of attacks, Rampager Leticia, who only had enough time to crack the ground and spread the crack outwards, collapsed completely into a dismembered corpse.

Pa!

Her torso fell to the ground, and the heads of the two male adventurers rolled out.

Klein's eyes narrowed slightly. He discovered a yellowish-brown book hidden amid the flesh and blood of Leticia's abdomen.

On the surface of the book, there was a line of words written in Elven: "Book of Calamity."

Why do these books and notebooks always end up in people's stomachs? It's the same as the Antigonus family's notebook last time... Klein lampooned, then he suspected that the Book of Calamity was the item that the fake archaeologist, Leticia, had taken from the ruins of the Sea God.

At this moment, some military personnel grabbed the heads of the two male adventurers, who still seemed capable of speaking, and hurriedly asked, "What did you do in the Sea God's ruin?"

"Sea God's Ruins..." One of the male adventurers answered in pain and confusion, "We haven't been there..."

He tried to move his eyes, to check the situation below his neck.

"The Sea God ruin in Symeem Island," the military personnel reminded him.

"No... We didn't..." The male adventurer wanted to shake his head, but he couldn't do so. "We went to an ancient elven ruin... Leticia found a book there... She liked it very much... She quickly began to study it, then s-she went mad! She's crazy!"

As the male adventurer shouted out, the last remnants of his mind dissipated completely.

It's not a lost temple of the Sea God but a ruin of the ancient elves? This is different from what I imagined... Klein was about to listen carefully when Elland came over and politely asked him and Danitz to distance themselves from the interrogation.

Turning into another street, Klein slowed down and thought about the whole thing.

Why would Leticia's act of taking the Book of Calamity out of the ancient elven ruins cause Sea God Kalvetua to be no longer capable of maintaining its existence, slowly bringing it to the point of breakdown? What's the connection between the two?

Elves... Sea God... According to Little Sun, the ancient god, Elf King Soniathrym, wielded the present authorities of the Lord of Storms. That is to say, the elves no doubt possess Sequence 3 Sea King, or an even higher Sequence 2...

Could it be that it was by chance that this sea serpent, Kalvetua, discovered a ruin of the elves at the bottom of the sea, directly devoured the Beyonder characteristics left behind by a certain high elf, and was lucky enough to survive both death and loss of control? As such, it succeeded in acquiring the rank of a demigod and gradually gained the faith of the Rorsted Archipelago's natives?

Klein slowly came to a realization, and he had to thank Mr. Hanged Man for this.

Initially, Little Sun didn't reveal the corresponding authorities of the eight ancient gods, but later, under the guidance of The Hanged Man, he explained some things, including the general situation surrounding Elf King Soniathrym.

There was precedent for advancing by devouring Beyonder characteristics or the corresponding ingredients. Before the potion system was fully developed, humanity's ancestors had made similar attempts to obtain Beyonder powers. However, only a tiny number of extraordinarily fortunate people had survived and become Beyonders rather than monsters or lunatics, or simply died on the spot as their flesh and blood fell apart.

Such an attempt had a one in a thousand chance of success, or even a one in ten thousand chance. After the potion system was established, no one was willing to take such a great risk.

If that's the case, then Kalvetua was indeed very lucky back then... Of course, there's also the factor of its strong physique... However, its intelligence didn't seem to increase much, only being capable of deceiving its believers. It didn't actually find any traces of the elven ruins on Symeem Island, and how it's closely related to the one it's hiding in...

After Leticia and company took the Book of Calamity, that ruin collapsed, causing abnormalities in Kalvetua's hiding place and leaving the barely surviving Kalvetua unable to hold out any longer? This would explain how Leticia and company succeeded so easily. There weren't any members of the Resistance or followers of the Sea God defending the area. Only after the incident did Kalvetua discover the problem and realize the connection between the two ruins.

With what he just gathered, Klein tried to explain what he had been wondering about the whole time.

This included why the dying Sea God Kalvetua didn't allow its followers to become carriers--it would've reduced most of the accidents and made things easier. With the brutality Kalvetua displayed, it was only right that it made such a choice.

Klein concluded that the body Kalvetua wished to corrupt and possess had to contain a certain amount of elven blood. Only such a body could survive the transfer of Beyonder characteristics up to a certain level.

However, when Klein touched it, the gray fog and his unique nature allowed Kalvetua to instantly discover a better target.

Chapter 544: Expert

Klein had just sorted out his thoughts when Elland caught up with the two and said with a smile, "We've found the target; the investigation is over. I'll bring you back to the hotel first, and I'll bring the remuneration in two days. Also, it's best if you don't go out today."

Klein maintained Gehrman Sparrow's character by only nodding slightly without giving any verbal response.

On the way back to the Wind of Azure Inn, Danitz clearly had some questions and lingering thoughts, but with Elland, a member of the military, present, he could only change the subject and enthusiastically discuss which pirates would end up caught in the city's thorough sweep that day.

To him, they weren't friends as long as those guys didn't belong to the Golden Dream. They weren't worth sympathizing with.

After entering the hotel room and watching Elland leave, he closed the door and clicked his tongue. "The Book of Calamity... Ancient elven ruins... This really is interesting, but how did the elves end up like devils? That woman merely took their book and casually flipped through it, yet it caused her to go insane and lose control!"

What kind of image do you have of elves? Living in the mountains and seas, specializing in cooking, creatures who enjoy nature? Heh, according to Little Sun, the eight ancient gods before the Cataclysm were all very tyrannical, very cruel, and very evil. Among them was the Elf King Soniathrym, and the elves who believed in "Him" and viewed "Him" as their king couldn't have been any better. One can make a comparison with the members of the Aurora Order... The Beyonder races left behind by the Dark Epoch basically can't be associated with the "good" alignment that normal people have in mind... Klein replied in his mind.

Of course, he didn't rule out the possibility that after the ancient gods' fall, the dragons, giants, elves, Sanguine, and other living creatures would gradually extricate themselves from the negative effects and become more normal. However, this was only limited to the middle and lower levels, and it didn't include the demigod powerhouses. And the high elf that left behind the Book of Calamity was clearly the latter.

With a thought, Klein suddenly realized something.

Danitz understands Elvish!

He recognized the title of the ancient goatskin book as the "Book of Calamity!"

Vice Admiral Iceberg has actually taught her crew to such an extent. Not only does it include ancient Feysac, but she has also taught them Elvish, which can stir up the powers of nature... Perhaps Jotun and ancient Hermes are all part of the curriculum on the Golden Dream... They really are a bunch of pirates with knowledge and dreams. However, Ma'am Captain, aren't you being a little overboard on certain subjects? Danitz is lacking in so many other aspects... That's right. The most important thing for a pirate whose main job is to be a treasure hunter has to be mastering the ancient languages... Klein ignored Danitz's comments and looked out the window.

The sky remained gloomy, as if a heavy rain would fall at any time. It made one involuntarily feel suppressed.

Klein nodded, feeling somewhat relieved as he thought.

Leticia has been found. Being aware of the ancient elven ruin on Symeem Island, the Church of Storms and the kingdom's military will likely use its connection to the place where Kalvetua is hiding, to find the Sea God that is becoming progressively crazier. Or they might use the ruin to speed up its collapse.

That way, apart from the most fervent and pious Sea God believers dying, the rest basically won't suffer any harm...

Klein had originally thought of using the spirit world to locate Sea God Kalvetua's hiding spot after it died before the official Beyonders did. He could then infiltrate it, taking the treasure with him. But even before the plan had begun, the appearance of the Book of Calamity pushed his plan to the verge of failure.

Phew... It's fine. It only existed in my imagination, and it never belonged to me. It's fine if I don't get it... I don't even know what I'll get... Letting this matter get resolved this way is for the best... Klein withdrew his gaze from the weather; his mood calm and relaxed. He just inevitably felt a slight sense of loss.

That day, he and Danitz followed Elland's advice and didn't head out again. They only remained in the inn.

In Bayam City, there would be the sound of gunfire and explosions from time to time. This continued until the sky turned dark.

The next morning, Klein got up on time and found layers of clouds overhead, leaving the sky dark.

This meant that the confrontation between the Church of Storms Cardinal, high-ranking deacon of the Mandated Punishers, Jahn Kottman, and Sea God Kalvetua was still ongoing.

Klein felt pain in his stomach and prepared to head to the washroom with the newspapers.

However, he gave up on that idea when he saw Danitz leisurely reading a newspaper while lying in a reclining chair, munching on a piece of white bread in his mouth.

Reading the newspaper while on a toilet doesn't match Gehrman Sparrow's persona!

Although it would be boring, I mustn't slack off on acting... Sigh, I've once again found a difference in the behavior between my true self and my disguised identity... Klein summed it up in silence and went into the washroom.

He took off his pants and sat down on the toilet, staring almost in a daze at the pale white wall in front of him, as if he could read words from it.

At this moment, his spiritual perception was triggered.

He hurriedly tapped his molars and activated his Spirit Vision.

Two thick, long white bones appeared in front of him. They were the messenger's legs.

The messenger stood there, its head passing through the ceiling, but its black flames in its eye sockets could still be seen.

It lowered its head slightly and looked down at Klein, who was sitting on the toilet.

Klein looked up, stunned for two seconds, his mind filled with a baffling thought.

Should I act like a woman, hurriedly covering my nether regions, or should I just be open and fearless?

Before he could make up his mind, the messenger dropped the letter, disintegrated into a pile of bones, and disappeared into the floor.

It took a moment for Klein to react before he caught Mr. Azik's reply.

This messenger is becoming more and more impolite! Can't you see that I'm using the toilet? Don't you know how to knock or slide the letter through the crack under the door? Klein cursed with a mixture of anger and amusement.

After giving it some more thought, he felt it would be difficult for the messenger to pass the letter through the crack under the door. The four-meter-tall giant would have to lie down to reach it.

Just thinking about it is rather funny... Well, the next time I write a letter, I'll add a paragraph so that Mr. Azik can educate the messenger so that he will be more polite... Klein unfurled the letter and read Azik's reply.

"According to the knowledge I've recalled, I can provide you with two methods. The first requires certain prerequisites. If a unique item belonging to you or someone else is located where Sea God Kalvetua is, you can use divination to easily locate its position... The other prerequisite is that you can enter the spirit world. I have plenty of methods for this. I'll list the most common three...

"The second method is to use a secret deed ritual and pray to Red Light Aiur Moria. 'He' represents authority and will. At a certain level, 'He' grasps the relevant knowledge of the creatures in the spirit world and the locations in the spirit world..."

So Red Light of the seven pure lights is named Aiur Moria... The principle of a secret deed ritual is to adjust one's state, release one's mind and body, and align oneself with the target of the prayer bit by bit. Finally, an overlapping will occur, allowing one to acquire the corresponding knowledge. And this kind of alignment and overlapping is relative. While acquiring knowledge, my secrets will also be open to the target of the prayer... I can't trust Red Light... I have too many secrets... Klein's first reaction was to rule out the second approach.

As for the first solution, there was also the chance of failure. Klein didn't have any unique items located where Sea God Kalvetua hid itself.

Either I use the help of the Resistance and send something to Kalvetua, or I'll have to find the original owner of an item sacrificed to Sea God from its believer. Furthermore, it has to be unique... Send something to Kalvetua... As he thought, Klein suddenly had an idea.

He braced himself and considered it over and over again, thinking that there was a certain probability of success.

After finishing his business in the washroom, Klein washed his hands, took four steps counterclockwise, and went above the gray fog. He performed a divination and received a revelation that there was danger, but it would be manageable if handled properly.

With all of this done, he returned to the living room and walked towards the reclining chair.

Danitz immediately sat up and said with a dry laugh, "Is there something...?"

"Do you know the words to the prayer relating to the Sea God?" Klein asked with an unperturbed tone.

Danitz spread out his hands and suddenly hissed.

"Dogshit..." He softly cursed his injured arm and switched to a smile. "Yes. I've seen a few members of the Resistance hold rituals. Uh... The details are: 'Adorer of the sea and spirit world, guardian of the Rorsted Archipelago, ruler of the undersea creatures, master of tsunamis and storms, the great Kalvetua.' By the way, on both occasions when it worked, the prayer was recited in Elvish."

Adorer of the sea and spirit world... Its bearing is very low... It's not the same as my honorific name... That's true. I created it by copying it from the seven true gods... Klein nodded gently and said, "Do you know where there are empty warehouses and abandoned houses?"

"Of course! Every great pirate knows a few," Danitz replied without hesitation.

Klein turned around and walked towards the coat rack.

"Take me there."

To do what? Although Danitz was puzzled, he didn't dare ask.

In the dock area, in a dirty and dilapidated warehouse.

Danitz watched Gehrman Sparrow take out three candles and several metal bottles. Unable to hold back his curiosity any longer, he asked, "W-what are you planning on doing?"

Klein didn't look back and replied very calmly, "Sacrifice."

"To whom?" Danitz pressed with interest.

Klein set up the altar, took out an iron cigar case and calmly said, "Kalvetua."

His plan was to give something directly to Sea God Kalvetua!

As long as Kalvetua accepted it, he could use divination and other methods to find its hiding place!

As for whether or not Kalvetua would accept it, he had certainly considered it, believing that it was a definite possibility. As Kalvetua was currently on the verge of death, it was in a state of extreme madness, with little sense of reason. It acted on instinct alone, and it might have a strong desire for the aura of the gray fog.

Therefore, Klein was prepared to sacrifice an iron cigar case that was often placed above the gray fog. He wanted to see whether Kalvetua would accept it, and if it didn't, he wouldn't suffer any losses. He could then pretend nothing had happened.

Sacrifice to Sea God Kalvetua? At that moment, Danitz found his brain lacking. He couldn't comprehend what was on Gehrman Sparrow's mind.

"Are you crazy? How could it accept your sacrifice? Even if it did, what would be the point? It's dying! And it's very dangerous!" Danitz blurted out.

Immediately, he added inwardly, No, Gehrman Sparrow isn't crazy, because he has always been crazy...

Klein glanced at him and simply said, "In this domain, I'm an expert."

When it comes to sacrificial rituals, I'm an expert! Klein wasn't modest about this.

Chapter 545: The Enraged Kalvetua

Danitz felt choked, unable to say a word. He quickly stepped aside and watched as Gehrman Sparrow lit the candles, burned some powder, and dripped some extract.

Taking in the smell that pervaded the air, he couldn't help but raise his voice.

"Y-you're using the wrong materials, right?"

He remembered that the Resistance didn't use things like Full Moon Essence Oil, slumber flower, or chamomile when sacrificing to the Sea God.

It's not like you're praying to the Evernight Goddess!

Klein turned his head to look at him, then he returned his gaze to the altar.

"That wouldn't be an issue."

As a professional who often offered and received sacrifices, he was very aware that the burning of extracts, essential oils, and herbal powder mainly had two uses--one was to help the ritual's host to better adjust his spirituality and enter the proper state; and the other was to please the corresponding deity, to please the target of the sacrificial object, and to increase the probability of a response. In this aspect, every deity had certain characteristics and preferences.

This sacrifice, on the other hand, mainly relied on Kalvetua's abnormal state of mind. It had gone completely crazy, and it thirsted for the gray fog's aura. Neither of the two could be missing, and everything else wasn't important.

As long as those two conditions were satisfied, whether Kalvetua was pleased didn't affect the ritual. It would neither increase the success rate nor the possibility of failure. Everything else could be handled perfunctorily.

If Kalvetua still retained its reason, do you think it would respond to me even if I strictly followed the ritual's requirements? Klein silently lampooned and took half a step back, ready to begin the most important part of the ritual.

He thought for a moment, then without turning his head, he said directly, "Stay further away."

Me? Instead of getting angry, Danitz was overjoyed. He quickly nodded.

"Alright, okay!"

He rushed to the door of the warehouse, planning to escape the moment something went wrong.

Klein half-closed his eyes, cogitating about the countless spherical lights that overlapped each other, and he quickly entered the proper state.

He chanted softly in Elvish, "Adorer of the sea and spirit world, guardian of the Rorsted Archipelago, ruler of the undersea creatures, master of tsunamis and storms, the great Kalvetua.

"Your devoted servant prays for your attention;

"I pray for you to accept this offering.

"I pray for you to open the gates to your Kingdom."

As he said the awkward sentences one after another, the sound of wind rose within the wall of spirituality, as if it was going to overturn everything.

Klein's clothes fluttered in the wind as he took out another small metal bottle that he had prepared beforehand. He poured about five milliliters of the remaining Thousand-faced Hunter's blood into the air.

This was a material filled with spirituality!!

The strong winds sucked the drops of blood, howling as it drilled into the candle flame that symbolized Sea God Kalvetua.

Without a sound, the candle flame burgeoned to form an illusory door. Symbols and magic labels covered its surface. From within came the faint sound of crashing waves.

Suddenly, all signs of movement vanished. Only the sound of breathing reverberated through the illusory door, as though something massive were hiding behind it and struggling to suppress its hunger.

Huff. Huff. Huff...

The sound of the loud, heavy breathing became clearer and clearer, to the point that even despite being situated at the door of the warehouse, Danitz still felt his scalp tingle.

Bang!

The illusory door suddenly opened, and something that visibly resembled a hurricane poured out.

Amid the sharp wailing, Danitz felt the invisible wall of spirituality shatter. He found himself thrown into the air like a small boat in a storm. He slammed into the door with a dull thud.

He fell outside the warehouse, his back scuffed from several wooden splinters.

The scarlet fireball that he had instinctively condensed in his hand instantly dimmed and was quickly extinguished in the hurricane, like a candle that was about to burn out.

As he flew through the air, he saw what appeared to be a bloody, gaping mouth behind the illusory door. It revealed sharp, milky-white teeth, each slightly curved and longer than a human arm, as it slammed madly against the illusory door in an attempt to enter the real world. Its beast-like howls echoed through the warehouse, causing blood to flow from Danitz's ears and nose.

The hurricane also sent Klein flying, and his vision was immediately filled by a massive, bloody, forked tongue crackling with lightning.

His body was scorched black and stiffened in the air. The forked tongue pierced through him, reducing him to ashes.

Klein's figure appeared on the other side. His hat had fallen off, and his clothes were messy. He looked rather wretched.

Fortunately, he knew something would happen and that danger was imminent. He had remained on high alert and used a Paper Figurine Substitute just in time.

At this moment, Kalvetua, who was situated behind the unperturbed, illusory door, finally realized that its violent blows had no effect and stopped.

It took a deep breath and caused the blue seawater to gush in from all directions. The water then collapsed into a whirlpool that emitted a terrifying suction force. It was so powerful that it could swallow a cargo ship!

The iron cigar case on the altar flew into the vortex.

The tiny cauldron containing some herbal ashes flew up and into the whirlpool.

Many objects within the warehouse, along with the soil, were thrown into the whirlpool.

Klein also flew up as he found it difficult to resist being thrown into the whirlpool!

He tried to snap his fingers to ignite flames and leap out of the whirlpool's reach, but the suction force and the hurricane spoiled his plans.

His figure suddenly became thinner, turning into a paper figurine.

As the paper figurine fell into the whirlpool, Klein, who had emerged from another position, once again soared into the air, unable to extricate himself from the terrifying suction force!

At this critical moment, he no longer hesitated. He made the black glove he wore on his left palm turn pale as it was tinged with a slightly dark green color.

He activated Creeping Hunger, and he directly used Steel Maveti's soul! Klein's body suddenly grew heavy as he pushed forward with his left palm.

A thin wall of ice solidified in front of him, temporarily shielding him from the Sea God's whirlpool.

Taking advantage of this, Klein landed, his feet heavily landing on the ground as he sank deep into the ground.

Kacha!

The ice wall lasted only a second before it was shredded to pieces by the boundless suction force, and the remnants flew into the huge sea serpent's throat.

Relying on the strength of a Zombie, Klein used both of his feet to hold himself in place and no longer flew up again. However, he was still unable to stop himself from sliding towards the illusory door where Kalvetua's gaping mouth was. He drew two deep ravines on the ground in the process.

Outside the warehouse, Danitz wasn't affected by the suction force of the whirlpool. Instead, he tried condensing a fireball to throw to the side, allowing Gehrman Sparrow to jump out of his predicament and escape. Unfortunately, the flames were extinguished again and again by the hurricane.

As Klein drew closer to the illusory door, he could smell the stench of blood and decay. Right in front of him were milky-white fangs that emitted a chilly air.

His thoughts raced, and he quickly came up with a solution.

The solution was simple: throw out the All-Black Eye that had come from Marionettist Rosago!

Since you want to make a whirlpool in the sea in a bid to devour everything, I will make you consume another bottle of a Beyonder potion without any supplementary ingredients, as well as the mental corruption of the True Creator! If that's the case, I don't believe that you, who's already on the verge of collapse, will be able to hold on! Klein gritted his teeth and reached into his pocket.

Perhaps it had sensed his malicious intent, or perhaps it had lost patience, but at that moment, Kalvetua suddenly raised its head and let out a long howl, causing the seawater whirlpool in its throat to collapse into countless droplets that sprayed through the illusory door.

Splash!

Torrential rain fell in the warehouse, and a dazzling silver ball of intertwined lightning condensed in Kalvetua's throat once again.

With a boom, it spat out that lightning ball.

Amidst the "torrential rain," the silver ball of lightning transformed into streaks of stunning lightning bolts that quickly expanded outwards. It destroyed the frugal altar and occupied the entire warehouse.

Sizzle. Klein's figure kept phasing in and out of existence amidst the sea of lightning. His body would char and turn into scraps of paper. Outside the warehouse, Danitz also suffered its effects. All his hair stood up as his body convulsed.

After continuously using Paper Figurine Substitutes and approaching his limit, Klein finally managed to withstand it until the lightning subsided.

As for the illusory door, it was affected by the complete destruction of the ritual and quickly closed.

Creak!

Sea God Kalvetua's hisses of indignation were isolated by the door.

After a moment, the illusory door completely disappeared. The surroundings were in a wretched mess. Only a candle was left on the altar, weakly swaying its flame.

Bang! Danitz leaned forward against the warehouse's wall, barely standing at the doorway.

He tried to speak, but he couldn't stop convulsing. He could only express his grievance with his eyes.

Gehrman Sparrow is really a madman!

I can still remember the horror I experienced in Bansy Harbor, and I still... have nightmares about it. Previously, when he was picking out items offered by the Resistance, he attracted the curse of the Sea God. I was so frightened that I almost ran away while on our journey back... This time, he even did some sacrificial ritual and nearly summoned Kalvetua over. It was really extremely dangerous just now... W-why does he love to take risks so much and enjoy causing major trouble? Time after time, he searches for thrills while on the brink of death! Is this a manifestation of his craziness, or is there another reason?

Sea God Kalvetua is still very strong. Even though it's on the brink of death, and there's the door of sacrifice in between us, it was still able to release a portion of its strength that could easily finish me off... As expected of a demigod that can fight against a Sea King... Klein pulled his feet out of the ground and saw that his boots were in tatters.

At the same time, he discovered that, whether by luck or inevitability, Kalvetua had accepted his "sacrifice" in every sense of the word. While creating the whirlpool, the huge sea serpent had swallowed the iron cigar case tainted with the gray fog's aura, along with many other things.

In other words, I can try to locate its hiding place in the spirit world, but I'll have to wait for its death so that it can't interfere and resist my divination... This search would require me to enter the spirit world, and I can't keep using the gray fog forever... Klein quietly let out a breath. He felt the glove on his left hand become filled with an indescribable madness and hunger. It seemed like it was going to devour the wearer if it wasn't fed.

There are no sinners around... Klein turned his head to look at Danitz, who was standing by the door.

Danitz's mind suddenly tensed. He felt as though a monster had targeted him and was about to devour him.

The hunger he felt at a spiritual level had made him tremble slightly. He yearned to immediately turn around and flee.

Then he heard Gehrman Sparrow's indifferent voice.

"Close the door from the outside."

"Alright!" Enduring the lingering pain of the electric shock, Danitz moved the door that had been blown open and barely closed the hole.

Klein seized the moment to perform a sacrificial ritual. He prayed and responded to himself, throwing Creeping Hunger, which was about to lose control, above the gray fog.

The mystical item that had frightened Danitz, so much so that he didn't dare to resist, immediately became docile, gentle, and tame.

Chapter 546: Spirit World

Upon returning to the real world, Klein extinguished the candles, put away the remaining items, and carefully checked the situation in the warehouse.

Luckily for him, the whirlpool of seawater created by Kalvetua had completely wiped the area clean, leaving only the subsequent sprays of rain, the blackened patches from the lightning strikes, and sparse piles of ash, as well as the ravines produced by Klein's two feet.

The traces are easy to deal with. I can get Danitz to use his fireballs to "wash" the place later, disguising it as the site of internal strife between pirates... Klein nodded imperceptibly and pulled out one of his few remaining paper figurines. He shook his forearm and flicked his wrist.

The paper figurine flew out and burned on its own before turning into black ash.

After doing all of this, Klein walked towards the door, frowning as he walked.

The soles of his boots were gone, and the rest of his clothes were tattered and torn, wet, or charred.

This was unavoidable under those circumstances, as it wasn't something a paper figurine could withstand--the tearing was a result of the potent suction from the whirlpool, the moist sensation came from Kalvetua's torrential rain, and the charred black marks were a result of being struck by bolts of lightning in the interval when Klein was using his Paper Figurine Substitutes.

Even now, despite having calmed down, his right forearm still spasmed a few times due to the electric shock.

It cost me 8 pounds 6 soli... I have to get a new set of clothes... I had divined danger and had made preparations, but I didn't expect Kalvetua to be more powerful and crazier than I had expected... I hope that I'll gain something later. Klein silently shook his head. He restrained his expression and endured the pain before coming to the door and knocking three times.

Danitz, who was constantly uneasy, hesitated for two seconds before he opened the door.

Discovering that Gehrman Sparrow had returned to his cold and reserved state, with him no longer emitting a hunger and madness that struck terror to his spirituality, Danitz let out a sigh of relief. He took a glance inside and asked, "Is it over?"

"No." Klein curled the corners of his lips and revealed a gentle smile.

Not yet? Danitz jumped in fright.

"W-what else needs to be done?"

Klein maintained his smile that concealed madness.

"A cleanup is still necessary.

"That's basic courtesy."

A cleanup... Danitz was stunned. Raising his right hand, he pointed at himself and said, "Me?"

The corners of Klein's mouth widened.

"Or shall I do the honors?"

Then I would be eaten by Creeping Hunger! Danitz let out a hollow laugh.

"How should I clean this place?"

"Use a fireball," Klein answered simply.

As a part-time pirate, it didn't take much effort for Danitz to understand Gehrman Sparrow's intentions. He walked past him and headed for the interior of the warehouse.

During this process, several puzzling questions arose in his mind.

Captain said that Creeping Hunger needs to devour a living person every day, but Gehrman Sparrow can only satisfy it after a battle. He usually doesn't bother with it. B-besides, in that battle just now, Gehrman Sparrow had used Steel Maveti's ice powers. He didn't feed it after... Strange... What secret lies behind this?

A seal of a certain level? Or, can it be that the organization behind him is capable of sealing Creeping Hunger?

As Danitz "cleaned" the warehouse, Klein stood outside, looking up at the overhanging dark clouds, looking forward to what would happen next.

I've already sent over the iron cigar case tainted with the gray fog's aura, so all I need to do is wait for Kalvetua, a fake "Sea God," to collapse and die... I hope the Beyonders of the Church of Storms and the kingdom's military don't find it first, or that they leave behind some items of value that they consider unimportant... Klein slowly drew a deep breath, listening to the dull sounds of bombardment behind him.

In a hotel, Alger stood at the window, staring out at the overcast sky.

I received the Sanguine's anesthetic gas not long after the last Tarot Gathering. I was prepared to go out to sea to gather ingredients, but a week has passed, and I'm still stuck in Bayam... The corners of his mouth twitched as he shook his head.

First, there was The World's hunt for Steel Maveti, which earned Alger a sizable sum of money and left him waiting for the reward. Once he obtained it, he encountered the breakdown of that sea serpent, Kalvetua, and was ordered to search for the adventurers and archaeologists--Leticia and company.

I heard that during the investigation yesterday morning, Leticia and the others were found. The Mandated Punishers and the military seemed to have obtained some important clues, and quite a number of them went to Symeem Island... Heh, this is something that I'll never have dibs on... Alger retracted his gaze, pulled up his short robe that didn't reach his knees, and muttered to himself.

"Let it end as soon as possible."

Once Kalvetua was completely dead and the tsunami was no longer a latent risk, he could leave the harbor. After leaving the City of Generosity, Bayam, he could work at advancing to Sequence 6 Wind-blessed.

As his mind whirred, Alger's heart skipped a beat and he turned around to look out the window.

He saw the clouds high in the sky quickly dissipate, with the crimson moon quietly hanging in the sky.

Klein slept until midnight, when he was suddenly jolted awake. He had vaguely sensed something.

He rolled out of bed, went to the window, and pulled back the curtains.

Crimson moonlight shone in, covering everything like frost. It was cold and dreamy.

Klein looked out and saw that the clouds which hung low had disappeared. The bright crimson moon was high in the sky amidst the sparse stars.

This means that the confrontation between the Sea God and Sea King has ended? Klein pondered for two seconds, retracted his gaze, closed the curtain, took four steps counterclockwise, and went above the gray fog.

He sat at the end of the long, mottled table, took out a gold coin, and began to recite a divination statement in a low voice.

"Kalvetua is completely dead."

After he repeated this seven times, he flicked the gold coin and watched it leap upwards and tumble down.

The gold coin landed in Klein's palm, and the king's head faced up.

It meant a positive result!

It meant that Sea God Kalvetua was completely dead!

As expected, the ancient elven ruins on Symeem Island and the hiding place Kalvetua used to maintain its existence are closely connected... The Mandated Punishers and the military obtained the Book of Calamity and learned of the ruins little more than a day ago, yet Kalvetua already couldn't hold on any longer... I thought it could forcibly survive for another two or three days... Klein sighed and tried to divine whether the official Beyonders had already entered Kalvetua's hiding place.

Unfortunately, due to the lack of information, his divination failed, and he was unable to obtain any revelations.

After thinking for a while, Klein changed his angle, undid his spirit pendulum, and began to divine if it was dangerous for him to search and explore Kalvetua's hiding place.

As this involved himself, he quickly received a conclusion.

The topaz pendant was rotating counterclockwise at a not-so-fast frequency and low amplitude.

It's dangerous, but it's acceptable... The danger is even less than the sacrificial ritual... Klein nodded gently, returned to the real world, and began his preparations for his operation.

He locked the bedroom door first, then he arranged the ritual to summon himself.

Once again entering above the gray fog, Klein picked up the Black Emperor card and placed it inside his Spirit Body.

All of a sudden, he turned corporeal as if he was of flesh and blood. The surrounding black fog stuck to the surface of his body and formed a majestic aura. It was as if he was entirely clad in physical armor, but on his head was a gorgeous pitch-black crown.

Looking at the human-skinned glove on the table, Klein hesitated to put it on.

Above the gray fog, Creeping Hunger was almost in a sealed state. It didn't dare to make any unusual movements, but once it left the area, the uncontrollable hunger would cause harm to its wielder, whether they were alive or in Spirit Body form.

Amidst Klein's considerations was whether the Black Emperor's high level could suppress the Creeping Hunger inside his Spirit Body and keep it normal.

I'll give it a try. If it doesn't work, I'll end the summon and return here... This will hardly require any time, and there's no danger... Klein picked up Creeping Hunger and put it on over the iron-black armor gauntlet.

He didn't hesitate any longer and stepped into the Door of Summoning. With the help of the expanding candle flame, he arrived in the real world.

Without being careless, Klein's first reaction was to check the state of Creeping Hunger. He found it calm and submissive, subservient to the high level of the Black Emperor.

Not bad... With a sigh of relief, Klein placed the mystical items, such as Azik's copper whistle, the Biological Poison Bottle, and the Sun Brooch, into his body one by one.

Finally, he picked up his black hardwood cane and prepared to use it to search for his "lost" iron cigar case that had been tainted with the gray fog's aura.

Of course, in order to find the place where Kalvetua was hiding, one had to first enter the spirit world and pinpoint the location from within. Otherwise, it would only fail.

As for how to enter the spirit world, Klein didn't consider the three methods provided by Mr. Azik. As a Spirit Body with intelligence and the ability to think, how was he not able to find the spirit world and enter it?

He calmed down and recalled the scene of countless spherical lights. His body and mind quickly grew tranquil. His thoughts gradually emptied as his consciousness extended and expanded.

He soon discovered that he was surrounded by indescribable illusory, transparent things. All the colors became bright, distinct, but overlapping, and the gray fog had grown so faint that it seemed to cover everything in an ethereal manner.

In the depths, high in the sky, seven lustrous rays shone in different colors. They seemed alive and contained immense knowledge.

This was the spirit world. It completely overlapped with reality and was omnipresent.

If I happen to encounter the Mandated Punishers or military personnel, I will immediately end the summoning and return above the gray fog... Klein took a step forward. After easily entering the spirit world, he felt his body become illusory.

The black cloak behind him fluttered up slightly, and the hardwood cane in his hand stood upright.

He said in a low, dignified voice, "The location of my unique iron cigar case."

While chanting, Klein felt tense for a baffling reason. In the saturated and distinct colors of his surroundings, pairs of indifferent and eerie eyes glanced over.

After repeating it seven times, Klein released his grip and waited for the revelation.

The black hardwood cane floated forward at a measured speed, neither too fast nor too slow.

Klein followed it, flying through the real, the illusory, the strange, and mysterious spirit world.

Here, if he lost his bearings, it was very easy to end up completely lost and never be able to leave again.

Of course, there wasn't a problem for Klein. If he really "got lost," he could end the summoning and return directly to the space above the gray fog.

Klein chased after the black cane as it alternately rose and fell, shuttling back and forth between distinct, overlapping colors. He passed half-hidden spirit world creatures that defied accurate description, with no way of knowing how far he had traveled.

Suddenly, he saw an eye. It was round, with clear blacks and whites.

The eye looked at him without blinking. There was no head, nor was there a corresponding body.

Chapter 547: Priest

The huge eye, with clearly defined whites and a black pupil, appeared translucent. It floated quietly behind saturated, overlapping colors. Klein couldn't tell whether it was hostile or friendly.

At this moment, Klein remembered a passage from the Sights in the Spirit World. The ancestor of the Abraham family had said: "Try not to cross eyes with any creatures of the spirit world for more than three seconds unless they have already expressed interest in communicating with you. This is considered provocative behavior. Also, do not let yourself appear terrified and nervous. For some predators, this will increase their desire to attack."

As the words flowed through his mind, Klein retracted his gaze and continued to "chase" after the flying hardwood cane in front of him, at a measured pace.

The round eye took in his full suit of black armor, black crown, and matching cloak. But the figure quickly passed into the distance without provoking the slightest reaction.

In essence, the spirit world is a very dangerous place. If one isn't careful, one can encounter a terrifying existence at the demigod level... As Klein continued to make his way through, he realized that this place was truly chaotic. Although the seven lustrous brilliances that could be used to mark his location remained high above, covering the "sky," they could still be seen from time to time beneath his feet, to his left and right, and from the front and back.

If not for his black cane, Klein wouldn't have been able to determine his bearings.

Suddenly, through the faint fog of the void, he saw a floating castle to his left--based on a normal human's concept of left. It was entirely black, with towering spires and walls covered in vines, strongly reminiscent of the Gothic style.

At the top of the castle stood a translucent woman who was almost as tall as the castle. She wore an elaborate, gorgeous, dark, and somber black dress. She had no head, and the severed surface of her neck was perfectly smooth. Her lowered hands held four blonde, red-eyed heads. A closer look revealed that the four beautiful heads were identical.

When Klein, who was disguised as the Black Emperor, passed by, the four heads the woman carried blinked.

Klein didn't respond as he flew forward as though he hadn't seen her.

The woman slowly turned her body, letting the heads in her hand watch him depart.

What kind of monsters are these... As the thought flashed through Klein's mind, he saw the black cane plummet rapidly.

He hurriedly chased after it, once again experiencing the feeling of a free fall.

About eight seconds later, a faintly discernible collapsed building appeared in front of him.

Outside of the building floated a spirit world creature which resembled a giant jellyfish. It extended transparent, sticky tentacles, and pulled the surrounding area into its own "territory."

At the end of each tentacle grew a white skull with deep eye sockets. The skulls kept shaking as the creature floated about with light but slow movements.

The black cane passed through the strange creature of the spirit world and hovered in front of the almost illusory collapsed building.

Found it? Klein was delighted at first, then solemnly glanced at the giant jellyfish waving its skull-tipped tentacles.

He prepared for battle but didn't attack immediately. Instead, he projected the profound dignity of the Black Emperor card's high level and stared indifferently into the deeply recessed eye sockets.

After three seconds of frozen silence, Klein said in ancient Hermes in a low voice, "Leave!"

The tentacles supporting the skulls twitched twice; then, the giant 'jellyfish' slowly floated up, disappearing into the depths of the spirit world.

This Black Emperor card is still very useful... I was already considering throwing Mr. Azik's copper whistle. The descendants of Death should still have some standing in the spirit world... Klein breathed a sigh of relief and descended, grabbing the black hardwood cane.

Then, filled with anticipation, he descended into the ruined building.

Even if the Church of Storms and the kingdom's military had found the place first and taken the most valuable items, he would still be satisfied as long as something remained.

Even if there's nothing else, it'll be sufficient for me to explore an elven ruin and see what information they left behind... When Klein passed through an ethereal "barrier" that resembled a curtain, he felt the air around him suddenly become thick and heavy.

A shimmering wave of light appeared around him, coming from the deep blue water that filled the area.

At the bottom of the sea was an ancient, dark ruin. All the buildings had either collapsed or half-collapsed.

A huge pillar, carved with strange patterns and symbols, extended out from the middle. It appeared to be heading straight up to the top, as if it had supported the place in the past, but now it was broken and was leaning on the top of a nearby building.

Klein recognized this place, as well as the pillar. It was the hiding place of Sea God Kalvetua, a hidden place where reality blended with the spirit world.

At this very moment, an unwilling, pained, angry, and crazed scream echoed in the air. It didn't weaken in the slightest. That scream was precisely the same howl of hatred that Kalvetua had let out before its death.

It's really dead... Holding the black cane, Klein landed on the greenish-gray stone road in front of the ancient ruins.

On both sides of the road stood pillars that were neither thick nor tall. They bore strange patterns different from the symbols and magic labels he had seen before.

A figure sat at the base of each stone pillar. Some wore ancient robes, while others wore brown jackets that were currently fashionable.

As soon as they sensed someone approaching, they stiffly but swiftly raised their swords, axes, and other weapons. They turned toward Klein, revealing weathered, grayish-black faces and shriveled bodies devoid of flesh and blood.

Their feverish yet numb eyes were fixed on Klein, who wore a black crown and black armor.

Kalvetua's devotees... However, this also means that the Church of Storms and the kingdom's military haven't found this place yet... Klein sighed and injected his spirituality into the Sun Brooch. He muttered a word in ancient Hermes, "Holy!"

He activated the Sun Brooch's Holy Oath, and through the corresponding word in ancient Hermes, he temporarily added a Holy attribute to the damage dealt by his attacks.

Pa!

Klein flicked his wrist and threw his cane.

He bent his body slightly and charged towards the first "Sea God Guard" who came rushing over.

While running at high speed, Klein suddenly turned left and dodged the enemy's axe. He then swung his arm backwards and used his cane to draw a clear grayish-white crack on the enemy's body.

Pure golden flames silently rose from within the crack, wrapping around the Sea God Guard and burning it until it was on the verge of collapse.

Bam!

Klein exerted strength into his feet and stomped past the enemy.

Behind him, the completely desiccated Sea God Guard finally collapsed, turning into ashes within the golden flames.

Tap. Tap. Tap! Klein bent forward and moved quickly, sometimes sidestepping and sometimes moving diagonally as he passed each of the Sea God Guards.

At the same time, he brandished his cane, whipping, stabbing, cleaving, and slashing, leaving different marks on the guards that resembled desiccated corpses.

Tap! Tap! Tap! Klein passed through the road and arrived in front of the half-collapsed ruins.

Behind his gently fluttering black cloak, the Sea God Guards bloomed into golden torches, lighting up the greenish-gray stone slate and the patterned pillars.

Amidst the chaos, the guards fell down, one after the other, and no longer moved.

Klein went up the steps and entered the building where the half-collapsed pillars were.

The first thing he saw was an unimaginably huge blue sea serpent. Its entire body was covered in slick scales bearing patterns similar to the symbols within the ruins.

Its gaping jaws bit into a pillar, its curved milky-white fangs sinking in.

Its body below its head height was slumped across the ground. Its coiled body occupied about a third of the expansive hall, like a small, blue hill. However, its surface was covered in wounds with mangled blood and flesh. Even its bones could be seen.

A mysterious cyan light had already gathered over its body and was slowly creeping toward one of its fangs, which was longer than a human arm. This caused the slightly curved, sharp bone to slowly straighten.

Its dying cry reverberated in the air, causing Klein's corporeal Spirit Body to show signs of instability.

At this moment, an old man wearing a clergyman's cap was lying beside Kalvetua's body.

His hair was gray, and his body was like a gray rock. He stuck his face tightly to the serpent's body, making incomprehensible sounds from his throat. It was impossible to tell what he was doing.

Around the gigantic serpent's corpse were desiccated corpses. They were similar to the Sea God Guards outside, but they were even more bizarre. Their stomachs bulged to the point of rupturing. In addition, their mouths were stained with dark red blood and had strips of bluish meat hanging from them.

The blue dots of light also leaked out from their bodies, rushing towards the white fang that was gradually straightening up.

Before Klein could figure out what such a scene signified, the old man in the clergyman's cap, who was lying on top of Kalvetua, stood up in a staggered manner and turned around.

His eyes were flashing with a blue light, his mouth was covered in blood-red meat which he was using all his strength to bite into.

In the place where his face had been stuck to, the snake's body was mangled. It was missing a lot of flesh and blood, and even its bones were almost visible.

He was eating up the corpse of Sea God Kalvetua!

This... Klein frowned, roughly understanding what was happening.

After Kalvetua's death, the priest and guards in the hall lost control and began to frantically devour its flesh and blood.

At this point in time, the Beyonder characteristics had yet to appear completely. Kalvetua's body still contained a large part of it, and many guards had problems with a potion overdose or conflicting pathway characteristics. They broke down on the spot and died completely.

However, some people might be fortunate enough to escape sudden death. They might instead lose control and become revolting monsters, skip several Sequences and become powerhouses, or turn into lunatics with distorted demonic powers due to the mixture of pathway characteristics.

Regardless of which one it was, it was extremely dangerous!

Klein looked down from the surviving priest's face to see his belly bulging like a pregnant woman's.

A strong burgeoning and contraction appeared there, resembling a huge heart.

Chapter 548: A Trick for Dealing with Large Creatures

In the ruins, which were filled with seawater and half fused with the spirit world, Klein stood at the entrance to the central hall in a full suit of black armor. Inside lay the gigantic blue serpent's body, which was being devoured, and the old priest with his bulging stomach.

The latter's skin was grayish-black, as though desiccated by prolonged exposure to the wind. His eyes flickered with an azure glow as he stared intently at the "guest" in the black crown, as though deciding where to begin his meal.

Without any hesitation, Klein reached into his body with his right hand and took out a brown translucent bottle.

Then, he extended his left hand, quickly unscrewed the cap, and casually flung the Biological Poison Bottle into a corner of the hall.

In this environment, half submerged beneath the sea, no flames other than the Fire of Light, which could consume the undead and evil, could exist. This restricted two important powers of Klein's Magician Sequence, so he had to push his other advantages to the limit from the very beginning.

As he threw out the Biological Poison Bottle, Klein's left glove quickly became resplendent, as if he was reflecting the light of the noon sun.

Around his body, the undulating seawater was stained with a golden color as it spread outwards, layer after layer.

This was the Priest of Light power within Creeping Hunger: Light of Purification!

The old priest who had eaten part of Sea God Kalvetua's body was hardly civilized or courteous enough to stand by and watch Klein prepare for battle in a chivalrous manner. The blue light in his eyes suddenly bloomed, and his bloated belly once again swelled.

Howl!

An ethereal, yet mournful sound came from his body, instantly covering the entire ruins.

The voice was like the song of a nightingale, beautiful and melodious, yet also cold and bone-piercing, penetrating straight to the soul.

Klein was frozen in place. Similarly, all his thoughts seemed like they had been blasted by extremely cold waves and instantly froze.

The old priest's body swelled up in an instant, as if he was a resurrected Kalvetua or a giant that had walked out of a mythical legend.

One after another, blue slippery tentacles, all surrounded by silver lightning, emerged from under his ripped robe. They shot out and danced in the air, striking the stunned Klein.

Sizzle!

With a burst of silver light, Klein was sent flying before falling heavily at the doorway. The black armor on his body dimmed instantly and cracked, and he had subconsciously thrown the cane in his hand far away.

His mind remained abnormally calm. In a situation where he was almost frozen, he didn't even have the thought of using Paper Figurine Substitutes and had ended up taking on the blow head-on.

If the Black Emperor card and Azik's copper whistle hadn't simultaneously reinforced his Spirit Body, which was essentially at Sequence 6, he would've been seriously injured or even killed instantly.

The tentacles surged over again and struck down.

Klein, who was jolted awake by the electricity, agilely somersaulted away, barely dodging the attack.

He glanced at the man's body. He turned around immediately and ran out the door without any hesitation. It was a determined and decisive action.

Tap! Tap! Tap!

As Klein ran and flew in an apparently desperate escape, the old priest's blue tentacles, shrouded in silver lightning, chased him from behind and tried to drag him back into the hall. Klein nimbly changed direction, evading them with agile movements and well-timed somersaults.

Seeing that things weren't going as he wished, the old priest's belly expanded once again, and his cold voice resounded in the ruins.

But this time, Klein was prepared. Although his body remained stiff and bogged down, it was soaked by the seawater before turning into a pile of soggy paper.

At last, the old priest moved. With heavy but swift steps, he attempted to catch up to his enemy.

The colossal figure rushed to the door and slammed onto the collapsed roof and wall with a bang!

The doorway had originally been large enough for a creature like Kalvetua to pass through, but the ruins had partly collapsed due to the Sea God's madness before its death. The rubble left an opening only two meters tall and one meter wide. The clearly deranged old priest had slammed straight into it and become stuck.

Klein, who had been waiting for this opportunity, stopped and turned around.

He half-closed his eyes, straightened his back, and spread open his arms.

A beam of golden light descended from the sky, pounding the old priest's body directly.

Patches of his robe that hung over his body had ignited, and his grayish-black skin and flesh fell to the ground in chunks, melting and evaporating under the pure radiance.

It was only then that Klein made out what the oddity in the old priest's belly was.

The swelling was intense, especially in several areas, forming the complete outline of two eyes and a mouth.

It was as though someone inside the old priest's stomach were pressing their face against it in an attempt to escape.

Bang!

The old priest exerted force through his legs, which were covered in black serpent skin, and hurled himself backward from the collapsed doorway. Rocks flew and seawater surged.

He finally broke away from the pillar of light, but most of his body was covered in hideous wounds caused by the collapse of his flesh. Even his "face" was filled with signs of melting.

Tap! Tap! Tap! The old priest's blue tentacles flailed in the air, bringing with them silver lightning as they lashed at Klein from all directions. The "face" at his abdomen would occasionally make a sound that made the Spirit Body quieten down.

Klein ran, somersaulted, circled, and calmly wheeled around his opponent. Whenever his opponent moved in one direction, he moved in the other, as though the two were engaged in a wild dance.

During this process, he relied on Paper Figurine Substitutes to withstand the ethereal, yet cold shrieking again and again. Occasionally, he would let out a roar and use a Wraith's shriek to agitate the old priest, forcefully interrupting the "face" in his abdomen from producing any sounds.

Time passed, second by second, and the crazy, old priest who had kept his hands lowered, suddenly raised them and pressed them against his stomach.

He pulled with both arms, forcefully tearing the silhouette of the mouth into a gash.

Blue pus gushed out of it as a dense array of sharp teeth grew out.

With another roar, the seawater around him gushed towards the mouth, forming the terrifying whirlpool that Kalvetua had previously created.

Klein, who was dressed as the Black Emperor, was sucked in, and the lightning tentacles around him were retracted, about to embrace him.

Klein didn't panic, and the glove on his left palm quickly transformed, looking as if it was made of pure gold.

While floating in midair, he stared at the "face" on the old priest's abdomen and the seawater whirlpool below him. His eyes suddenly flashed with two bolts of lightning.

Interrogator's Psychic Piercing!

The old priest suddenly froze as the "face" in his abdomen wrinkled, and the terrifying suction force from the whirlpool instantly collapsed.

Amid the waves rushing backward, Klein lowered his body and swam through the gaps like a fish, dodging the blue tentacles' random flailing.

Amid the constantly flashing silver lightning, he rushed to the old priest's side. At some point, his left glove had turned pale green.

The muscles on Klein's back bulged as he threw out two punches, striking the old priest's thigh in the vicinity of his knee.

Bang! Bang!

Flesh and blood splattered from the cold-emitting punches. His right leg was covered in a thin layer of frost, and the surrounding seawater was completely frozen.

This was a Zombie's control over ice!

As the old priest cried out in pain, he retracted his whip-like tentacles, illuminating the entire ruin with silvery light.

Klein didn't press his advantage and withdrew at once. He continuously somersaulted backwards, avoiding the crazy attack that scorched the stone slabs on the ground.

He stood up, and while the old priest was still frozen in place, the glove on his left palm once again glowed with the color of the sun.

Klein straightened up and took a pose of praising the sun.

A thick, bright, and holy pillar of light descended once more, enveloping the old priest in it.

Klein saw his enemy's grayish-black flesh rapidly disintegrate. The skin of the "face" on his abdomen melted, revealing what lay within: the old priest's heart, stomach, intestines, and other organs had been mashed together to form the face of a sea serpent.

Kalvetua actually still has a little of its soul left... The will of a demigod is truly beyond my imagination... Klein somersaulted again, dodging the blue tentacle that thrust at him like a spear.

Wrapped with lightning, the tentacles, which had been melted away by the pillar of holy light, stabbed into the ground, twitching, twisting, and squirming.

The bright and clear light quickly disappeared, and the sinister serpent's face on the old priest's abdomen stubbornly opened its mouth once again.

At that moment, the old priest himself had bent his waist and let out a fit of violent coughs. The effort on the serpent's face came to an abrupt halt.

The Biological Poison Bottle had finally shown its effects!

Klein didn't miss the opportunity. He stood up straight again and spread his arms out as though he was hugging the sun.

A pillar of light with many golden flames illuminated the area. The old priest's figure first bent before shrinking, as if evaporating into thin air. The serpent face at his abdomen let out a shrill cry before completely vanishing.

By the time the light dissipated, the old priest had returned to his original size. His bones had almost melted, with pieces of grayish-black flesh still hanging from his body.

His aura quickly dimmed as his spirit rapidly disintegrated.

Klein rushed over and, relying on his state as a wraith, began to channel his spirit.

He wanted to confirm if the old priest was guilty of heinous crimes.

He felt that he needed to maintain his bottom line, both because he wished to and as a precaution against corruption and madness.

All of a sudden, he saw images of the old priest presiding over the living sacrificial rituals.

Without hesitation, Klein reached out with his left hand to let the long-starved glove taste a delicacy.

Flesh, blood, spirituality, and bone quickly surged into the gaping mouth of his palm, along with specks of blue light that came with some darkness.

During the Spirit Channeling, Klein confirmed that the old priest had previously been a Soul Assurer. His potion formula and Beyonder ingredients had all come from the Feysac Empire's Church of the God of Combat. By the time he became a Sea God Guard, he had already lost his mind and could only obey orders. After Kalvetua's death, he had followed his instincts and eaten the flesh and blood of the deity he worshiped. In the end, the conflicting characteristics turned him into a monster.

Just as Creeping Hunger was satiated, all the Beyonder characteristics on the ground suddenly stirred, turning into a hurricane and sweeping into the hall before plunging into the white fang that was no longer curved.

When Klein looked over, he saw that Kalvetua's remains had completely collapsed into something resembling mud. The serpent fang, which had absorbed all the Beyonder characteristics in the area, had become a short scepter embedded in a half-collapsed pillar.

Many tiny blue "gems" were embedded in the tip of the white scepter. Some were tinged with black, while others carried the light of dawn.

Seeing that Creeping Hunger was satiated, Klein rushed into the hall, cautiously approaching the scepter.

Before he really came into contact with the scepter, he heard layers of illusory prayers ringing in his ears, and he saw illusions. He saw worshipers prostrating and praying, as well as members of the Resistance crying over the shattered statues of their god.

Chapter 549: High Elf

As the layered sounds of the illusory pleas rang in his ears, Klein felt as though he possessed a corporeal body. The deepest part of his head throbbed with pain, so much so that he yearned to slam his head into the wall to alleviate the pain with more pain.

The scenes of different people praying to him made him feel an uncontrollable and abnormally terrifying sense of dizziness. It was as if he was walking along the edge of a deep abyss and could fall down at any moment.

Only the reinforcement of his Spirit Body by the Black Emperor card and Azik's copper whistle, along with his familiarity with receiving prayers, prevented him from immediately losing control like other non-demigod Beyonders. They would've already collapsed in pain, turning into monsters or erupting into masses of flesh and blood.

All the Beyonder characteristics in this area have combined with the serpent fang to form a Sealed Artifact. Moreover, its danger and negative effects far surpass those of a Grade 2 Sealed Artifact... Klein didn't rashly move forward. Instead, he took a few steps back and left the area where the prayers were concentrated, easing the pain and dizziness that threatened to collapse his Spirit Body.

He stood next to Kalvetua's mashed body which resembled slush, and he stared at the white scepter that was embedded in the half-collapsed pillar. He considered how he could take it away.

At the same time, he naturally chose a name for the Sealed Artifact: Sea God Scepter!

Yes, from the feelings and reaction just now, I can barely get close to it and pull it out, but I can only last a few seconds. There's no way for me to hold it or use it... However, it doesn't matter. Once I have it in my hand, I'll terminate the summoning ritual and return above the gray fog. There, I can effectively block the thousands of prayers and any of the still-unknown negative effects. It will allow me to study it with ease... Klein quickly came up with an idea.

In his wraith state, he could instinctively communicate with the spirit world to receive a revelation without the need to toss a coin.

His spiritual intuition told him that doing so wouldn't be too dangerous.

After making up his mind, Klein began to clean up the mess and take the opportunity to see what he could find in the ancient elven ruins.

He first headed to the corner and picked up the translucent Biological Poison Bottle, screwed the lid back on, and stuffed it into his body. Then, he turned around to find an iron cigar case that was half-hidden beneath the slushy remains of Kalvetua.

This... I thought Kalvetua had swallowed it and that it had corroded into dregs... Klein clicked his tongue in wonder and quickly walked over.

Because the electric currents discharged through the seawater had left him numb, he raised his right hand and made the iron cigar case float slowly into his palm.

Klein glanced around and saw corrosion marks covering the iron cigar case, but it was still barely usable. There was no sign of the other items the seawater whirlpool had sucked away.

The aura of the gray fog made Kalvetua uncomfortable, so it vomited it out right away, or has this iron cigar case undergone some sort of mutation that makes it not prone to corrosion, allowing it to survive until Kalvetua died? Amidst his puzzlement, Klein placed the cigar case into his body, planning to study it after he left.

Under such circumstances, he was in a race against time. He couldn't afford even the slightest delay, because Klein didn't know when the Church of Storms and the kingdom's military would find this place!

He walked around the half-collapsed pillar from a distance and entered the rear of the hall which had almost completely collapsed.

There should've been many murals here, but with the destruction of the walls, they had all disappeared. Klein flew all the way to the end before seeing about a third of an exquisite throne being buried by stones and pillars.

On the left side of the throne, there was half of a mural that depicted a confrontation between two figures.

Looking down on the enemy from above was a man treading waves with dark clouds above him. He seemed to have storms draped over him as he had relatively softer features. His contours had an oriental trait from Klein's past life. He held a spear formed of pure lightning in his hand against an ocean that had drowned everything.

Beneath the man was a man wearing a simple white robe. His face was blurry, and it was difficult to discern his age. It was only barely possible to tell that he was a man.

There was a halo behind the head of the white-robed man. It quietly emitted a bright light like the sun.

Beneath his feet was an illusory circle with twelve segments. Each segment had symbols representing different times.

Behind him hung a curtain-like shadow, from within which an eye appeared to be peeking.

Relying on his solid foundation in mysticism and the extensive knowledge he had gathered from many sources, Klein quickly formed an interpretation.

Waves, storms, dark clouds, lightning... This should be the ancient god, Elf King Soniathrym... Indeed, he's just like the legends, with the rather soft facial features of an elf... This ancient Lord of Storms doesn't give off any irascible vibes, and his looks are surprisingly good. Heh, this is a mural in an elven ruin, so it's normal for them to beautify their own deity...

The sun-like halo and the twelve-segmented circle symbolizing time... Isn't this the father of Amon and Adam, the Creator known to the outside world as the ancient Sun God and revered in the City of Silver as the omnipotent and omniscient God? There's a curtain of shadows behind him, with an eye hidden beyond it... Yes, one of the True Creator's images is the Eye behind the Shadow Curtains!

As expected, this is the Creator who took back the ancient gods' authorities with eight Kings of Angels following him?

Is this mural a depiction of Elf King Soniathrym's battle against the Creator?

Klein retracted his gaze and began searching for something of value.

Following his spiritual intuition, he came to the throne, reached into the base of the collapsed stones and pillars, and pulled out an object.

It was a flattened golden wine cup.

Its surface was engraved with intricate patterns, and its stem was already bent. At the bottom was a row of elven words: "Calamity, Cohinem."

The original owner of this ruin is a high elf named Cohinem? Did he, or should I say "He" have the title of Calamity? Hmm... It matches the Book of Calamity that Leticia and company found. Both ruins should belong to the high elf, Cohinem, and there should be some kind of miraculous connection between them... Unfortunately, this golden wine cup is just a simple wine cup. It carries a bit of spirituality simply because it's inscribed with the true name of the high elf... If Cohinem hadn't fallen, just a real name would imbue the wine cup with extraordinary powers. What a pity... Klein initially judged that Cohinem was completely dead because Sea God Kalvetua had inherited his powers.

However, Klein couldn't be too sure, because despite it being hundreds or thousands of years later, the Book of Calamity still had the quality of driving Leticia, a Beyonder whose Sequence wasn't too low, to lose control.

Furthermore, it doesn't seem like it's something Sea God Kalvetua was capable of... Could the high elf, Cohinem, have the ability to split his Beyonder characteristics? Kalvetua only inherited a portion. Most of the remaining Beyonder characteristics were the source of the Book of Calamity's unique quality?

Cohinem is dead, but he hasn't completely perished?

Of course, Kalvetua, who swallowed Cohinem's Beyonder characteristic, was just a beast without intelligence. No one knows what happened at that time; perhaps some of the characteristics were lost and formed a Sealed Artifact. After Kalvetua's defeat, it fell into the hands of the Church of Storms...

Yes, I'll ask Little Sun via The World at the Tarot Gathering next week. He should know who Cohinem is. Actually, there's no need to ask; he'll be offering two pages of ancient god legends. Perhaps there might be a detailed description of high elves next time...

After thinking it through, Klein stuffed the wine cup into his body. After all, this was made of gold, and even if the high elf, Cohinem, wasn't dead and had some sort of connection with the wine cup, the gray fog could still block him out.

After a thorough search revealed nothing of note, Klein quickly flew outside, picked up the black hardwood cane, and erased all traces of the battle.

Then, he took out a paper figurine. With a casual shake, he threw it into the seawater, causing it to quickly turn soggy before reducing to dust.

The earlier parts can be obscured, but I won't have the time or opportunity to deal with the rest... Luckily, I'm currently disguised as the Black Emperor... As for Kalvetua's remains, its flesh no longer has any value, and its bones are too heavy. They might affect my ability to wield the Sea God Scepter... With the help of Cogitation, Klein stabilized his state and quickly flew toward the white bone staff on the half-collapsed pillar.

Again, the sounds of illusory pleas filled his ears. Pious, weeping, fanatical, and numb worshipers filled his vision, and the throbbing and dizziness became more and more intense.

Relying on his rich experience and the Spirit Body reinforcement from using the Black Emperor card and Azik's copper whistle, Klein barely managed to hold on until he finally arrived beside the Sea God Scepter.

He extended his right hand and grasped the middle of the white bone scepter.

As soon as the two made contact, the scene before Klein's eyes became clear, and the buzzing sound beside his ears instantly became real.

He saw the bald, wheelchair-bound rebel, Kalat, collapsed on the ground, struggling to reach the shattered figurine of Kalvetua, chanting its honorific name over and over, his eyes filled with despair.

He saw Edmonton, with his blue sea serpent tattoo, prostrating himself before another figurine of Kalvetua that was strangely bleeding, repeatedly knocking his head against the ground until it became a bloody mess.

In the slums, he saw believers hiding in their homes, weeping and praying numbly.

Klein's black armor couldn't support his body anymore as it quickly collapsed.

At the same time, his solidified "muscles" tightened as he exerted strength with his hands. Amidst the layers of resonating prayers and numerous clear scenes, he suddenly pulled out the short white bone staff that symbolized the Sea God's authority!

Whoosh!

The seawater in the ruins surged violently, either churning or transforming into a whirlpool.

Klein calmly held the Sea God Scepter, his pitch-black crown still upon his head, before immediately vanishing. He directly returned above the gray fog.

When the familiar towering palace entered his sight, the sounds of praying and the hallucinatory scenes in front of him had already disappeared.

Sitting in The Fool's high-backed chair, Klein raised his right hand and examined the Sea God Scepter, which was inlaid with blue gems and tinged with darkness and the light of dawn.

Countless points of light floated around the Sealed Artifact. Each point of light seemed to correspond to a praying believer. This caused the milky-white body of the scepter to glow with psychedelic and holy streams of light.

At this moment, Klein felt like this scepter was the true body of the Sea God!

Chapter 550: The Negative Effects of the Sealed Artifact

After some wrestling with the Sea God Scepter, Klein gained a preliminary understanding of its powers.

It could create tsunamis and hurricanes, produce torrential rain, and summon lightning. It could allow a person to fly through the sky and roam the seabed almost without restriction.

It was nearly indestructible and could be used to smash in an enemy's head. Barring interference from other powerful factors, it ensured that the wielder would never become lost. It provided an unimaginable sense of balance, compelled many sea creatures to obey, responded to believers' prayers, and granted the wielder the strength of a sea monster. It was equivalent to making the wielder ruler of an entire expanse of sea.

To Klein, this was already considered at the level of a deity. Even on Earth, he could resist an aircraft carrier formation!

Although he was a Sequence 6 with plenty of practical Beyonder powers, making him a genuine powerhouse and a legendary figure in the eyes of ordinary people, he remained fundamentally weak. He was still closer to Man than to God. Under the right circumstances, a revolver could finish him off. Of course, his resurrection and emergence from a coffin were another matter entirely.

As for the Sea God Scepter's powers, they had all surpassed the level of Man. In folklore and in the hearts of common folk, its wielder possessed the powers of deities and devils.

No wonder Beyonders are called demigods from Sequence 4. They truly are more like gods than humans... Klein silently sighed with emotion, and then he made a self-deprecating comment.

If I use the Sea God Scepter under normal circumstances, I can already be a high-ranking deacon of the Nighthawks, becoming one of the twenty-odd people with the most power in the Church... If Ince Zangwill didn't have 0-08 and was at sea, I could immediately seek revenge on him. There might even be a small chance of success.

But can I use the Sea God Scepter normally?

No...

Klein had already discovered that the negative effects of the Sea God Scepter were staggering. In the Church of Evernight, it could easily obtain the evaluation of a Grade 1 Sealed Artifact, and countless researchers would have to die to figure out the best sealing and usage methods.

The Sea God Scepter had a total of three negative effects.

First, it made the wielder irritable, making them prone to anger and turning rash as a result.

Second, it periodically froze the thoughts of all living creatures within a certain range before draining their blood, including the wielder's. As for the exact range and interval, Klein, who wasn't a professional researcher, couldn't provide precise figures. He could only estimate a range of 600 meters to 1 kilometer and an interval of 20 to 35 minutes.

Third, it would gather and display the prayers of worshipers, both audio and visual. This very easily caused a non-demigod wielder, who had insufficient spiritual fortitude, to break down and lose control.

The first negative effect is still all right. If I were to only use it for a short period of time, the anger and irritation would still be acceptable. To put it simply, I'll just end things rashly with such a powerful Sealed Artifact...

For the third, there's actually a way to avoid it. The Sea God's response to its believers must have a distance limitation. That is to say that beyond the Rorsted Archipelago and the nearby sea regions, there would be no "signal," so one wouldn't be influenced by it. Yes... if it's constantly placed above the gray fog, I believe this can break the distance limitation. The prayers' voices and scenes would be screened, turning into points of light. It wouldn't affect me in any way. I can then choose whether to reply, who to reply to, and how to reply...

And when replying, I can use the powers of the Sea God Scepter...

The biggest problem is the second one. I myself am fine. As Black Emperor, I'm considered a wraith; I wouldn't have blood, so there's no need to be afraid of being sucked dry. However, the surrounding creatures will be in trouble. After all, it doesn't distinguish between friend and foe. Besides, the frequency is quite unpredictable... It's impossible for me to first discuss with the enemy when I encounter danger about changing our time and place.

Klein carefully considered various scenarios in which he might use the Sea God Scepter, but they all depended on the environment and precise judgment, making them impractical.

Phew... Could its fate be to remain above the gray fog? When people like Amon attempt to sneak up on me, I'll give them a beating--no, a bolt of lightning.

Yes, there's another usage method. When people like Miss Justice and Mr. Hanged Man seek my help, I'm no longer limited to using paper angels. I can provide rain and produce some wind... Of course, this can be done like the purifying powers of the Sun Brooch, using the paper angel as a vessel...

On further thought, I can fully appear like a true demigod above the gray fog, with the help of the Sea God Scepter...

Klein's mood gradually became better, as he had discovered that the Sea God Scepter wasn't completely unusable at the moment. It opened up many more options and avenues for him.

He withdrew his attention and once again looked at the white bone scepter with the blue gems embedded at the top. He pondered over another question, and that was whether or not he should respond to the prayers of the followers of the Sea God.

Kalvetua is already dead. There's no need to give those people another target of their faith...

But even if the surviving priests and high-ranking members of the Resistance notice the abnormality and no longer receive any responses, they still won't accept the worst outcome for a long time. People often cling to hope, comforting and deceiving themselves. This is especially true when they're in a perilous situation with no hope in sight. Just like the City of Silver, after two thousand years, they still worship the Creator, believing that they were abandoned and will receive a response one day...

That is to say, the Sea God's fervent believers won't stop making living sacrifices merely because they receive no response, as they won't believe that Kalvetua has already perished. Instead, their actions will worsen as they hope to gain their god's favor... Without years of guidance and setbacks, it will be difficult for them to realize the truth.

Without the support of a native deity like Kalvetua, the Resistance would probably fall entirely into Feysac's or Intis's camp. At that time, they would most likely be driven to do inhuman things, such as attacking places where civilians gather, or to make children who still retain their innocence act as meat shields...

I need to give them some guidance. I need to tell them what the correct way of practicing their faith is, but I should only help them without burdening myself... I'm not responsible for saving their fates...

Klein gently rapped the edge of the long, mottled table and suddenly chuckled.

Wasn't I supposed to act? Sea God Kalvetua is quite a good target.

I wonder if I'll get any feedback with the gray fog's interference.

Heh heh, I have to give it a try to figure it out.

Klein quickly made his decision, feeling strangely refreshed.

He deliberated for a moment. First, he conjured the necessary scene. Then, he grasped the Sea God Scepter, extended his spirituality, and touched one of the points of light.

In a hidden cave in the forest of Blue Mountain Island.

The bald rebel, Kalat, fell from his wheelchair, his eyes filled with despair and confusion as he crawled towards the shattered figurine of Kalvetua in front of him.

He vaguely sensed something, but he was unwilling to believe it. This meant that all of his persistence, all of his sacrifices, and all of his pain would become meaningless.

No... he screamed silently as he constantly muttered the honorific name of Sea God Kalvetua in an attempt to get a response from the deity.

With his elbows on the ground and his fingers digging into the soil, he inched toward the shattered figurine. He picked up the stone-carved sea serpent's head and found that its eyes had collapsed inward into strange black holes, while its fangs fell out one after another.

Kalat seemed to freeze; the light in his eyes seemingly vanishing.

It was at this moment that he suddenly saw a blurry figure. Behind the figure was a dark blue tsunami surging into the sky and streaks of silver lightning that branched out like tree branches.

Amidst his shock, Kalat instinctively lowered his head, an unimaginable sense of joy surging inside him.

He saw waves surrounding the figure's feet and hurricanes swirling around him. The figure was majestic and holy, exalted and almighty.

Then, he heard a calm and magnificent voice.

"I have returned."

As his voice echoed in the air, Kalat began to tear up for some inexplicable reason.

Ten minutes had passed since Klein left the undersea ruin that was half merged with the spirit world.

The seawater filling the place suddenly churned and flowed backward. In just twenty to thirty seconds, the interior of the elven ruin became as dry as land.

A fresh hurricane blew in, bringing breathable air.

One figure after another descended from the hurricane, led by a tall, brawny, middle-aged man. He appeared to be in his forties, with firm, deeply etched features. His pronounced muscles filled out his loose Storm priest robes.

He was none other than the Church of Storms Cardinal, Archbishop of the Rorsted Sea, high-ranking deacon of the Mandated Punishers, Sea King Jahn Kottman.

He had a pair of deep blue eyes, and his hair of the same color was twice as thick as a normal person's. They were like small worms or tentacles.

Behind Jahn Kottman were a number of Mandated Punishers and military personnel. They examined their surroundings expectantly and cautiously, not letting their guard down because of the demigod's protection up ahead.

At this moment, they heard a snort, and they were immediately swept up by a hurricane, arriving at the doorway of the ruin in one fell swoop.

They saw a huge sea serpent reduced to a sludge of flesh and blood, with its bones exposed. Other than that, there was nothing else.

"Who is it!" Jahn Kottman suppressed his anger and growled.

As he shouted these words, a sea wave crashed down from above.

The wave reverberated through the half-collapsed hall, then quickly settled into a windless lake.

The surface of the lake reflected the scene from before: An indiscernible figure pulling up a short white staff inlaid with blue gems, causing the sea to churn and the ruins to quake.

Jahn Kottman took a deep breath and turned his back to the crowd.

"Find him."

At that moment, Klein selected a dozen or so relatively important believers and responded to each of them, primarily by issuing a new covenant.

"I have returned, and when the past is pardoned, I will redeem you.

"First Commandment: Thou shalt not offer living humans as sacrifices to me."
