Chapter 851: Dwayne Dantes's New Business

Leonard stared intently at the portrait of Sherlock Moriarty. His brain had just imagined what the latter would look like without glasses or a beard.

Although this could be quite different from the actual situation and was more of a product of imagination, Leonard increasingly found Sherlock Moriarty very familiar, as though he had known him before.

"How is that possible? He's long dead! And I buried him with my own hands!" Leonard couldn't help but shake his head as he muttered with a scoff.

Just as he said that, his expression froze because the person in his memories held a huge secret.

This person had strangely escaped the influence of 2-049 without the help of others!

This person had used 2-049's unique properties to finish off a Sequence 7 Beyonder when he was only a Seer, a Sequence ill-suited to combat!

This person had managed to summarize the acting method within a very short amount of time, and he had advanced to Sequence 8 at an extraordinary pace!

This person possessed a High-Sequence Sun domain charm and had used it with Captain Dunn Smith who wielded a saint's ashes, successfully finishing off Megose who was pregnant with an evil god's spawn!

This person's Sequence 8 Beyonder characteristic had been taken away by Ince Zangwill, but Captain Dunn Smith's Sequence 7 Beyonder characteristic was left behind!

Perhaps, it wasn't because Ince Zangwill had taken away the Beyonder characteristic which had appeared, causing it to be missing from the scene, but that it had never formed to begin with! Leonard Mitchell suddenly jolted to his senses as he observed Sherlock Moriarty's portrait again.

Ten seconds later, he squeezed the words through his clenched teeth: "Klein Moretti..."

He found that the mysterious detective, Sherlock Moriarty, looked more and more like his former teammate, the hero who saved Tingen, Klein Moretti!

And this was despite the obvious differences created by glasses and a beard!

Leonard's fingers had clenched tightly at some point in time as his knuckles turning white. After a moment, he took an audible breath as he picked up Sherlock Moriarty's dossier again.

This time, he turned directly, roughly to the time when Sherlock first appeared in Backlund: Early September!

And this wasn't long after Klein Moretti had been buried!

Leonard Mitchell's green eyes turned dark as he instinctively flipped through the dossier.

Then, he saw a name: Lanevus!

This was one of the masterminds behind the evil god's descent in Tingen City. He was one of the main culprits who led to the death of Dunn Smith and Klein Moretti, and the other Nighthawks.

And Sherlock Moriarty's second record in Backlund was his investigations at the dock for a serial murder; thus, bumping into the disguised Lanevus!

After this, the True Creator's plan for descent was foiled, and Lanevus died in the sewers. His body was scattered with tarot cards, making it identical in style to the subsequent Hero Bandit Black Emperor.

He didn't forget the harm that swindler had caused... Leonard whispered silently, his expression softening.

He quickly flipped through the documents and sat in his chair, motionless for an extended period of time. It was as though he had fallen asleep in the shadows cast by the light.

After a few minutes, Leonard finally moved. He leaned into the chair and said in a deep voice, "Old Man, do you think this detective, Sherlock Moriarty, resembles my teammate back in Tingen City, Klein Moretti?"

In his mind, the aged voice said after some hesitation, "The one who joined the Nighthawks because of the Antigonus family's notebook?"

"Yes..." Leonard answered in a heavy voice.

In his body, the Parasite said after two seconds, "There's some resemblance."

After receiving the reply, Leonard once again fell silent. After a long while, he took out a gold pocket watch and snapped it open to determine that it was still morning.

Leonard snapped the pocket watch closed and stood up, nearly overturning the stack of documents.

He hurriedly reached out his hand and held onto the documents. Then, he left a note stating that he had found certain clues and planned to go out to investigate; and therefore might he would return very late.

Let me see if someone is pretending to be Tingen City's hero, or if you've always been wearing masks--a secret organization member who sneaked into the Nighthawks. Your true motives aren't much loftier than Ince Zangwill. You were also targeting something behind Chanis Gate... Leonard lost his usual aloofness as his eyes narrowed as he quickly left Saint Samuel Cathedral's basement.

In Hillston Borough, outside a building with rather distinctive architecture.

Dwayne Dantes got off his carriage and saw the building that was built in the style of the late Fourth Epoch.

The building was composed mostly of huge stone slabs, creating a total of four stories. Each floor had door-sized windows opening onto tiny balconies.

Its entire facade had been weathered by the elements, revealing a sandy-yellow color. The stone columns and arches held up a refined porch that made it seem rather magnificent.

This was the East Balam Military Veterans Mess.

Klein waved his cane and pointed at the building before him and said with a smile, "It has quite a sense of history."

Member of Parliament Macht nodded in reply.

"Even though it's a building constructed in an antique style, it still has more than a hundred years of history..."

As he spoke, he led Dwayne Dantes into the club and said to the lady at the reception, "Dwayne Dantes, unofficial member. I'll be his recommender."

With that said, he turned to the tycoon and explained, "Not only have you not served in East Balam, but you have never participated in the wars that happened there. You don't even have a military background, so there's no way for you to be an official member.

"However, even being an unofficial member will allow you free entry and use of the various facilities. You will be able to enjoy the fine food and drink, and get to know different friends."

"That's exactly what I was hoping for." Klein nodded with a smile.

After the beautiful lady of Southern Continent descent finished the registration, Macht added, "There's no admission fee. It's 60 pounds a year for the membership."

With that said, he chuckled and said, "It's not expensive, especially not for you. Here, you will get to come into contact with all kinds of weapons. There are enough shooting ranges to let you practice shooting. You can even learn horseback riding..."

At a club of this level, 60 pounds really isn't expensive. After all, generals often appear here, and they have many famous chefs... Klein didn't speak further as he took out his wallet. He counted 60 pounds and gave it to the receptionist, obtaining a badge with the logo of a forest, ocean, and blades.

"This is a place filled with glory. I'm deeply impressed with your contributions in East Balam." As Klein wore the badge which bore a number on the back, he said to Macht, "If I wish to contribute to the cause, who should I look for?"

Macht pointed at the receptionist.

"Just give it to her.

"She will jot it down and announce it on the notice board over there."

Klein nodded slightly and said, "Alright."

He then turned his head and made Richardson take out the 500 pounds he had already prepared.

After giving the donation, Klein passed through the beautifully decorated foyer with Macht, arriving at a room that resembled an activity room. As for his valet, Richardson remained outside in the break room. There were snacks, tea, and coffee there.

In the small room, with Macht's introductions, Klein got to know five officers who were either still in service or were retired. Apart from a particular House of Commons member of parliament, the highest-ranking among them was Colonel Calvin. He was presently working at the Loen Kingdom's Ministry of Defense. However, his actual position was unknown.

According to what Klein knew, colonels and other officers approaching the senior ranks were mostly Beyonders--Mid-Sequence Beyonders!

Macht, Calvin, and company quickly began chatting. Klein didn't interject as he seriously listened to their conversations, occasionally adding a comment or two.

In this relaxed atmosphere, Calvin suddenly turned his head and said to Dwayne Dantes, "I heard you were often active in West Balam?"

The colonel had a long, almost equine face, yet he did not look comical. His gaze was rather deep.

Klein smiled and replied, "Yes, that place is more chaotic than East Balam."

Calvin laughed when he heard that.

"Of course. Intis made too many mistakes over there."

He paused and continued asking, "How is your relationship with the people from Intis over there?"

Klein didn't understand the colonel's motive as he answered cautiously, "They're all right. They're all very greedy."

In fact, he didn't know a single one. He had only heard Anderson mention a few names and their corresponding matters.

Calvin nodded and asked another question.

"Are you familiar with the tribes over there, as well as the Resistance?"

"I know some," Klein answered vaguely.

He only knew one Intis military leader of the Resistance. It was the former Intis princess, Queen Mystic Bernadette.

Calvin laughed as he took a sip from his cup of red wine.

During this process, no one spoke, including Macht.

After putting down his cup, Calvin looked at Dwayne Dantes again and said, "This is the thing: every year, we would obsolete many rifles and cannons. And destroying or reprocessing them directly is either too wasteful or too expensive. It's not a good solution.

"I'm not sure if you're interested in buying a batch and selling it to West Balam. You can sell it to the regions ruled by Intis, selling them to the tribes and Resistance.

"Trust me. This is definitely a very lucrative business. Of course, it's also very dangerous. If you're caught by Intis in West Balam, we will disavow you."

This... means making me an arms dealer? This is one of the most lucrative businesses... Although I'm not familiar with West Balam at all and have no connections, I can sell it to Queen Mystic or the Resistance at the Rorsted Archipelago... Klein was tempted as he deliberately adopted a conflicted, hesitant expression.

"I've never done anything like that before, but it's definitely attractive enough."

Calvin laughed and said, "There's no need to rush to a decision. This is a very important matter that requires serious thought.

"Just give your answer to Macht before the end of the week."

Klein inwardly sighed of relief and nodded with a smile.

"All right."

Tingen City. Raphael Cemetery.

Although the afternoon sun was rather strong, this place remained gloomy and cold.

Leonard was standing in front of a grave, staring silently at the tombstone.

Chapter 852: Straight to the Point

The sun shone brightly overhead. In a dark, silent corner of the cemetery, Leonard Mitchell suddenly raised the shovel beside him.

The two piles of earth at his sides gradually grew as the coffin pit became obvious. From time to time, there would be passersby, but they didn't notice anything, as though the scene were only a dream.

Finally, Leonard threw the shovel and bent down. He reached out and grabbed the ends of the coffin lid with both hands.

Using immense strength, he pulled open the heavy wooden lid and discovered that the thick, long nails had fallen off at some point in time. There was nothing inside the pitch-black coffin.

Nothing!

Leonard remained bent over as he silently watched this scene without any further movement. He stood there like a petrified statue for a very long time.

In his hazy dream, Klein saw a tombstone with an epitaph. It stood silently among many other tombstones as it was dyed in crimson moonlight.

This scene shattered immediately as Klein snapped awake. He confirmed that he was still Dwayne Dantes and that he was still inside 160 Boklund Street's master bedroom.

The dream seems to be telling me something... As a Seer, Klein treated every dream seriously. This was no exception. He focused and shook himself out of his state of drowsiness before attempting to make an interpretation.

That's likely a tomb...

This represents a particular deceased or something related to resurrection...

The crimson moonlight represents the Goddess, corresponding to the Church of Evernight and the Nighthawks... If I were to directly see the moon, it might involve the Primordial Moon, Vampire Ancestor Lilith, and the Mother Tree of Desire...

The tomb was dyed with a color almost resembling blood. This symbolizes something bad...

As Klein did an interpretation of the dream, he gathered all the content and attempted to make an effective, meaningful conclusion.

After some serious thought, he began to believe that the dream's revelation was referring to the past him and the Church of Evernight.

After making the connections with what had happened the past few days, Klein slowly came to an answer.

As Dwayne Dantes has repeatedly headed for Saint Samuel Cathedral, he must've been added to a list of suspects. If Leonard hasn't left Backlund, this must've garnered his attention. After all, he knows that Dwayne Dantes isn't a simple person and has mysterious origins...

As an angel from the Marauder pathway, Leonard's grandpa probably discovered that the gray fog and the Seer pathway have intricate ties, and knows that the corresponding Sequence 0 is called The Fool...

This way, they will naturally be able to make connections with the honorific name of The Fool that was previously spread, and they would believe that I'm a member of a secret organization that worships The Fool. And developing on this clue, it can also involve the person who killed Lanevus and Hero Bandit Black Emperor who used tarot cards...

Along with the Gehrman Sparrow clues I deliberately left behind, as well as Leonard's previous investigations into Sherlock Moriarty, it's not impossible for him to put things together and find what's highly dubious.

And in the beginning, Sherlock Moriarty's disguise wasn't too good. As long as Leonard investigates seriously, it wouldn't be difficult to discover that the great detective resembled his former colleague... So, he went to Tingen to dig up the grave for confirmation?

As he thought about the matter, Klein pulled a back cushion over and sat up. He felt that he had already found the answer to his dream.

He began seriously analyzing what might happen afterward, considering if he should abandon the identity of Dwayne Dantes.

Leonard has no way of conveying his theories and conclusion to the other Nighthawks because he won't be able to explain the key points for his inference. This will expose his own secret...

Based on my experience and my understanding of him, he will steer the matter via different means. This will be more complicated and troublesome, wasting even more time. Before that happens, I should find him and give him another warning. It should snuff out whatever is on his mind. After all, the Church didn't suffer any material loss, nor did anyone die.

Yes, for Dwayne Dantes, I have taken note of the time. I specially created tracks of my activity in the Southern Continent over the past few months, staggering it with the decline of Gehrman Sparrow's sightings. And this involves the Intis colony, so it will be rather difficult to verify the matter...

That also means that Leonard has, at best, figured out that Gehrman Sparrow equals Sherlock Moriarty equals Klein Moretti. He will just believe that I'm in cahoots with "them," part of a secret organization that believes in The Fool...

Heh heh, to him, Dwayne Dantes is a powerful, mysterious Beyonder who can sense the grandpa in him, a demigod. This is an obvious discrepancy with the other identities.

Klein soon came up with countermeasures as he turned his attention to the matter he encountered at East Balam Military Veterans Mess in the afternoon.

Why would they directly seek me out for such a private arms deal?

I just established a friendship with Macht and hadn't experienced any tests. I don't deserve such trust...

Perhaps it's a test?

In the beginning, it will just be rifles and cannons. The quantity would probably be limited. Nor will it involve high-quality items. Furthermore, I'll need to come up with the cash before receiving the goods. If I have any real problems, they wouldn't suffer any losses. They will only suffer the repercussions of a small batch of weapons falling into hands within their own domain of control.

Yes... to them, a tycoon like me, with a complicated background and a deep understanding of West Balam, really is an excellent candidate. First, I have the money. Second, I have the guts. Third, I have the resources and social connections, allowing the arms to be sold to suitable factions. Fourth, I have no background in the upper echelons of the kingdom. I can always be made the scapegoat and be abandoned.

They must've sent people to monitor me in secret... As long as this "business" is smoothly completed, I'll be a close partner with the military... This will aid in my investigations of the truth behind the Great Smog of Backlund...

The problem I have now is that I have zero actual knowledge of West Balam's Resistance and various tribes... I've no idea where that fellow, Anderson, is. I don't have his method of contact either...

Hmm, Danitz might be aware of the situation in West Balam... Same for Ma'am Hermit. Likewise for Queen Mystic who's backing her... I'll first gather intelligence from these channels...

Having made up his mind, Klein's working brain slowed down as a sense of drowsiness washed over him again. He let his body slide down bit by bit as he got under the blankets.

In the basement of Saint Samuel Cathedral, Leonard, who had returned from Tingen, managed to be in time for the team's internal meeting.

Soest first briefed them on the conclusion of the archbishop and what the other local Nighthawk teams had obtained.

"With the help from the Holy Cathedral, Saint Anthony has confirmed that the infiltrator is Gehrman Sparrow. The conclusion is that this crazy criminal is still alive but doesn't exist in this world.

"This is truly a contradictory statement. I don't understand it as well. His Grace didn't explain anything either.

"In short, our focus will be on the investigation of Gehrman Sparrow.

"According to the information provided by MI9, Gehrman Sparrow is a fake identity. He originally came from Backlund..."

After Soest finished the briefing, he asked, "Do you have anything to add?"

Leonard opened his mouth and was just about to say something, but his eyes shimmered twice before he fell silent again.

Soest turned his head and glanced at him, calling him out by name.

"Leonard, did you discover any clues?"

Leonard remained silent for a second before shrugging.

"That clue has been eliminated."

Soest didn't ask further as he looked at the other teammates.

After a series of supplementary information and analysis, he began assigning missions to his Red Gloves team.

After everything was assigned, Leonard Mitchell held a name list that required him to enter their dreams for a cross-check. He returned to the break room above and threw his body into bed.

He sat there silently as he raised his hand to comb his hair, preparing to begin taking action.

However, the first dream he entered wasn't anyone in the name list.

His target was Dwayne Dantes!

After repeated consideration, he decided to speak to this secret organization member, an undying monster from the Fourth Epoch, face to face. He wanted to see what information he could learn from.

This looked somewhat rash, but with both parties knowing each other's secrets, it was still a good choice.

160 Boklund Street. Klein's drowsy mind suddenly became clear as he knew that someone had entered his dream.

He pondered silently, sitting in a reclining chair and turning his head to look at the balcony. He saw a black-haired, green-eyed man wearing a white shirt and black vest nimbly leap inside. He was none other than Leonard Mitchell.

I haven't gone looking for you, and here you are coming to my doorstep... The other Nighthawks would politely knock on the door before entering. Only you would climb in through balconies... Klein lampooned as he looked at the poet approach him.

At this moment, in Leonard's eyes, Dwayne Dantes was still wearing a formal suit in the dream. His sideburns were gray, and he had an angular face with an immense amount of charm.

At this moment, the tycoon wore a smile, as though he wasn't hiding the fact that he remained lucid and that he wasn't affected by a Nightmare.

"Didn't Pallez Zoroast teach you some manners?" Klein said in a tone he believed matched Leonard's impression of him.

Pallez Zoroast... He's warning me again... Leonard was taken aback as he remembered the name.

He quickly reined in his thoughts and bowed in a manner that lacked standards.

"Please pardon me for the intrusion. You are on our investigation list.

"Was the infiltration done by you guys? Is that your goal for coming to Backlund?"

"No." Klein in his Dwayne Dantes guise raised the cup of red wine and sipped it. "It's not us, but just him alone."

He put on an act that he wasn't afraid of Leonard knowing.

"Gehrman Sparrow?" Leonard asked in a deep tone.

Klein glanced at him with his deep blue eyes that seemed to have seen the vicissitudes of life.

"Isn't that obvious?"

"What does he actually want to do? He didn't take anything away," Leonard took the opportunity to ask.

Klein raised his hand to stroke his white sideburns and chuckled.

"What do you think is the answer?"

Chapter 853: Comparison of Experience in Sophistry

What do I think? If I were to know the answer, why would I be here? I'd have long handed this information to my superiors! Leonard silently mumbled as he deliberated over his words.

During this process, he discovered that, although he was standing straight and looking down on Dwayne Dantes, the tycoon who was sitting leisurely in the reclining chair held the aura of having the advantage. It was like a high-ranking personage casually listening to his subordinate's reports.

This made Leonard feel a little uneasy. He subconsciously surveyed the area and pulled a chair over as he leaned back into it, half out of habit and half as a deliberate action.

"I believe he, or all of you are searching for something.

"Back in Tingen, he infiltrated the Nighthawks to search for something. In Backlund, he also infiltrated Chanis Gate to search for that item!

"His search was fruitless the first time, so he escaped by feigning death by using Ince Zangwill's assault.

"He still failed to find it the second time. Hence, he didn't take anything and directly left Chanis Gate!"

While speaking, Leonard spoke with absolute certainty to divulge that he had figured out that Gehrman Sparrow was Sherlock Moriarty and also Klein Moretti. He wished to use the effect of pressure to make Dwayne Dantes not appear that calm or have any thoughts of resorting to sophistry.

Indeed, he went to dig my grave... Klein sighed inwardly as he chuckled. He picked up the glass of red wine and gently swirled it.

"Do you think that we would consecutively make two rash attempts before having any confirmed intelligence? You should know that such matters can only be done once. Once there's a failure, there's no way it can succeed again.

"Therefore, who would use an operation to verify one's guess when the target isn't clear?"

He has tacitly confirmed my explanation. Klein Moretti is Gehrman Sparrow, Hero Bandit Black Emperor, a member of the secret organization who believes in The Fool... Leonard tried hard not to frown as he crossed his right leg and said, "So, it's not that nothing was found, but that there was a failure due to other factors?

"During these two attempts, Tingen City's Saint Selena Cathedral and Backlund's Saint Samuel Cathedral only shared two common items: Sealed Artifact 2-049 and the Antigonus family's notebook.

"Antigonus family's notebook... That's it? Klein Moretti joined the Nighthawks because of it!"

Although the process of inference is wrong, the answer is actually correct... Klein chuckled and said, "Our brains aren't there just for show.

"If his goal was the Antigonus family's notebook, there was no need for him to join the Nighthawks. Before you obtained it, he had plenty of opportunities.

"And even after you obtained it, he had no lack of opportunities to obtain it. You should understand the situation back then better than I do.

"Also, since the target was the Antigonus family's notebook, why didn't he take it away?"

Upon being mocked by Dwayne Dantes, Leonard Mitchell realized that the theory he came up with on the spot was filled with logical inconsistencies. He felt ashamed as he grew somewhat angry.

He slowly took a deep breath and said, "Then why would he infiltrate Chanis Gate using two different methods? And not only didn't he take something away, but he didn't even leave anything behind. He even entered a strange state."

Just as Leonard said that, he saw Dwayne Dantes with his gray sideburns produce a deep, profound smile.

"I'm not sure of the reason for the latter matters. Perhaps you should ask the Evernight Goddess."

Goddess... What does he mean? Leonard instantly felt alarmed and puzzled. He found it unimaginable as to what had happened behind Saint Samuel Cathedral's Chanis Gate.

Right on the heels of that, he heard Dwayne Dantes say with a deep laugh, "As for your first question, I believe you are mistaken about something.

"Our organization's members come from different places and join for different reasons, choosing to change their own faith in the process. As for what happened before that, their lives remain their own.

"Just like me. I had a past and have a present as well. The reason why I came here is because of the surname I gave myself."

Dantes... The Return of the Count... He joined the secret organization that worships The Fool for revenge, and came to Backlund? Leonard nodded in thought.

Klein paused for a few seconds as he casually sipped the red wine and wore a smile. He continued, "Similarly, he, who was resurrected because of the Antigonus family's notebook's curse, does it for vengeance as well."

Klein had deliberately mentioned his present last name, Dantes, and mentioned revenge. It was to preemptively distinguish himself from Gehrman Sparrow and Klein Moretti. It was to prevent Leonard from later finding similar objectives between the two and begin making a deeper connection from the similarities.

By personally mentioning it, it framed the listener's thought processes and made them subconsciously follow the logic of the content; thus, treating Dwayne Dantes and Klein Moretti as two completely different people. The only similarity was their thoughts of revenge. And in this world, there weren't only two avengers.

Leonard lowered his crossed right leg unknowingly as he leaned forward.

"Vengeance?

"Who does he wish to take revenge on?"

After asking the question, the elegant and handsome middle-aged gentleman curled the corners of his lips.

"Lanevus and...

"Ince Zangwill."

"Ince Zangwill..." Leonard blurted out as he couldn't help but have his expression repeatedly change. Finally, he fell silent.

His green eyes looked ahead, unfocused; his thoughts a mystery.

Phew... After a long silence, Leonard exhaled and released his originally clenched hands.

He asked with a slightly hoarse voice, "Lanevus was really killed by him?"

"Of course," Klein replied calmly, sighing inwardly.

Leonard's mouth gaped open as though he wished to say something, but he didn't. He tightly pursed his lips.

Realizing that his goals had been met, he immediately changed topics and chuckled.

"If you have a similar goal or require help, you can also chant 'His' honorific name. Perhaps you will receive a response."

"He"... That secret existence, The Fool? Leonard imagined that Dwayne Dantes was habitually proselytizing and attempting to develop the secret organization. Therefore, he didn't think further and replied with silence.

Klein then laughed.

"By the way, help me pass a message to Pallez Zoroast. One of our organization's members encountered Blasphemer Amon in the Forsaken Land of the Gods."

This piece of information contained massive amounts of information, so much that Leonard was temporarily at a loss for a response. His mind kept reverberating with the relevant information.

The Forsaken Land of the Gods? The Forsaken Land of the Gods that even the seven Churches are unable to find? Their secret organization actually has members who can enter the Forsaken Land of the Gods!

Blasphemer Amon... Old Man told me that he's hiding from a High-Sequence Beyonder with the surname Amon. He was heavily injured by Amon and had no choice but to parasitize me...

Dwayne Dantes's tone and attitude really is like that of an undying monster who has lived since the Fourth Epoch. He's also at the same level as Old Man, or somewhere close to it... In front of him, I truly feel no sense of superiority. I even lack confidence...

As his thoughts ran through his head, Leonard forced himself to focus.

"I'll pass on the message to him."

Hmm, judging from what happens after Leonard enters other people's dreams, Grandpa doesn't have complete access to his senses. Otherwise, he would definitely have reacted abnormally upon hearing the name Blasphemer Amon... Will Auceptin's words corroborate this as well. Only when my dear poet encounters genuine danger will Grandpa sense it and act... Very good. "He" isn't a complete Parasite... Klein smiled as he interpreted the unspoken information.

"You may leave. You can also relax. My goal isn't the Church of Evernight."

My coming goals, not the ones of the past... Klein silently added inwardly.

Leonard had already received enough information; thus, he didn't dare overstay his welcome. He got up and bowed.

Then, he left Dwayne Dantes's dream.

In a room on the back streets of Saint Samuel Cathedral, Leonard woke up and heard the aged voice from the Parasite in him echo in his mind:

"What did he say?"

Leonard deliberated over his words and said, "He directly admitted to being a member of that secret organization that believes in The Fool. Likewise for Klein Moretti whose alias is Gehrman Sparrow.

"Their goal is for vengeance, vengeance--their own vengeance."

Pallez Zoroast fell silent for a second before saying, "Did he say how Klein Moretti could be resurrected? Or how did he fake his death to such an extent?"

Leonard recalled and said, "The explanation he gave was a curse from the Antigonus family's notebook."

Curse... At this point, Leonard discovered that Dwayne Dantes's choice of words was rather strange.

He had described the power of resurrecting the dead as a curse!

Pallez Zoroast didn't seem to have any questions about that. After a few seconds of silence, he said, "What else did he say?"

Leonard didn't hide it from him and said frankly, "He mentioned Blasphemer Amon, saying that a member of their organization met him in the Forsaken Land of the Gods.

"Old Man, is that the Amon you mentioned?"

The aged voice replied after a while, "Probably."

He paused for a moment before saying, "I believe that Dwayne Dantes, no--The Fool that's backing him, might be some old friend of mine..."

Old Man believes that he's at a higher level than Dwayne Dantes, or even higher... He's an angel on the ground? Leonard thought and asked, "Which old friend?"

Pallez Zoroast didn't answer as he asked, "Are you going to find an opportunity to reveal the situation about Dwayne Dantes and Klein Moretti?"

Leonard suddenly fell silent and only heavily said more than ten seconds later, "Not for now.

"Perhaps he and I, and them, have the chance of working together...

"And the Church didn't suffer any material loss this time."

The Parasite inside him didn't say a word, as though he had fallen asleep.

Leonard slowly looked up and read the information in front of him. His eyes turned dark as he muttered, "He's overtaken me by leaps and bounds..."

Chapter 854: Confession

Early morning, 160 Boklund Street.

After Klein got out of bed and washed up, he didn't rush to leave the bathroom. He took four steps counterclockwise and headed above the gray fog.

He then conjured The World Gehrman Sparrow and made the fake person pray piously:

"Honorable Mr. Fool, please pass on the message to Danitz:

"I need him to provide me information on West Balam. It's best if he includes his social connections.

"Also, get him to be careful of the Church of Evernight for the time being."

Above the Golden Dream, Danitz, who saw the sun earlier than Backlund, was holding a cup of malt beer as he sat in the shadows, hiding away from the vile sunlight.

Lessons will begin in another fifteen minutes. Captain said that a treasure hunter must have a sufficiently good grasp of mathematics... Sigh, this is really such a headache, but it's also something to look forward to. Dogsh*t! Danitz placed one hand on his knee as he downed a mouthful of beer.

At this moment, the gray fog emanated in front of him. The blurry figure that looked down from above appeared as Danitz's ears resounded with Gehrman Sparrow's voice.

Information on West Balam? Although we've been there to search for lost ancient treasure and got to know a few tribal natives, that is pretty much it. There won't be much that I can tell him about... This is so troublesome. I'll have to do all sorts of work again. Why does Gehrman Sparrow get involved in so many things!? Danitz silently grumbled as he vigilantly glanced to his sides, afraid that the madman would suddenly appear.

He drew a breath upon considering how he wanted to become stronger. He didn't wish to be of no help when his captain met with danger, having to shamefully hide in the rear. Danitz slapped his face a few times with his free hand before standing up.

He immediately left the shadows and found Iron Skin and Barrel. He asked them in detail about West Balam's situation and who he should ask for the various matters, only to obtain a unanimous answer: "Captain Edwina Edwards, or Anderson Hood who previously joined our bonfire on the ship."

Will she be suspicious if I ask directly Captain, making her believe that I have a secret and am secretly working for someone else... But, I've no idea where that fellow, Anderson, has gone to. Dogsh*t! Danitz fell into a dilemma as he couldn't help but think about something else, recalling Gehrman Sparrow's last words:

"Be careful of the Church of Evernight!"

Danitz wasn't a fool. He knew that a matter that the crazy adventurer emphasized was something important. It also meant that he believed that he had a high chance of being an important target of the Church of Evernight! He would be wildly pursued by the Red Gloves!

Apart from the Church of Evernight, the Church of Storms, and the military are targeting me as well. It's said that they have each sent a squad... Danitz thought as his heart palpitated.

He soon revealed a puzzled and bitter look as he muttered to himself, "But I haven't done anything..."

After passing the message about gathering information on West Balam to Admiral of Stars Cattleya, Klein left the area above the gray fog and returned to the real world. Like every other day, he had his breakfast and had lessons.

After he woke up from his afternoon nap, with Richardson's help, he changed into a formal suit for an excursion. He got into the carriage that had already been waiting for him at the door.

"Head to Saint Samuel Cathedral," Klein leaned on the carriage wall as he instructed the carriage driver.

He had decided to continue maintaining his identity as Dwayne Dantes. He believed that it was best if he didn't change his former persona. Therefore, he couldn't change the frequency of his trips to Saint Samuel Cathedral. Nor could he donate less.

Besides, this can effectively wipe away any suspicion they have of me. After all, it's hard to imagine that the criminal who infiltrated Chanis Gate hadn't stayed behind but would saunter into the cathedral as though nothing had happened... I'll have to thank Emperor Roselle for not plagiarizing criminal psychology. He didn't point out that intelligent criminals often return to their crime scene to admire their work and the helpless response of others... Klein mumbled inwardly as he took a sip of the black tea that Richardson had brewed.

After moistening his throat, he glanced at his valet and asked, seemingly casually, "What is your deepest impression of East and West Balam?"

Sitting beside him, Richardson didn't ask why. After some thought, he said, "East Balam is safer. West Balam is more chaotic."

After giving a simple answer, Richardson turned to look at his employer, only to see Dwayne Dantes with his eyes half-closed as though he wanted him to continue.

Richardson scratched his ear and deliberated over his words.

"There's also poverty, hunger, and whip abuse. Uh, people from East and West Balam originally worshiped Death. Later, due to the perks of believing in the deities like the Goddess, Lord of Storms, and the Eternal Blazing Sun, allowing them to boost their statuses and receive protection from the cathedral, there was a large-scale change of faith.

"However, as the number of believers increased, that special status was quickly removed. The people of the lower class began worshiping Death again in secret.

"It's more obvious for the more messy West Balam in regard to this point. The descendants of Death often receive a great deal of support...

"This is what my, my father of mine occasionally mentions after he's drunk."

Klein listened in silence and didn't stop his valet's recount, nor did he probe deeper.

Soon, the carriage arrived outside Saint Samuel Cathedral. Klein first took in the sight of the white flying pigeons before entering the prayer hall. He took off his hat and handed it together with his cane to Richardson.

He randomly found a seat and looked at the altar in the darkness. He watched the stars and the Dark Sacred Emblem as unease, embarrassment, and a lack of confidence arose in him.

If he had guessed correctly, ever since he made contact with the holy sword and made a vow, the Goddess had likely taken notice of him. Every time he entered the cathedral to pretend like he was praying, it had the feeling like the Emperor's new clothes.

I wonder what the Goddess's opinion on this is... And what position is the Church taking... Hmm, I'll probe first... Klein clasped his hands and held them to his nose, looking as though he was praying seriously.

After about eight minutes, he slowly got up, walked to the donation box, took out fifty pounds, and piously threw it in.

After doing that, Klein turned to the confessional along the sides of the hall and entered.

Unlike most ancient confessionals which were big wooden crates with two doors, the modern confessional was an independent spacious compartment. The confessor and the listening bishop were separated by a wooden partition, with each one of them having their seats.

Using the dim light, Klein sat on the chair and listened to the bishop say with his mellow voice, "Do you have something you would like to say? The Goddess cares about all 'Her' believers."

Klein raised his right hand and tapped his chest four times in a clockwise fashion.

"Praise the Lady.

"I wish to confess that two days ago, the military came to me, wishing that I can sell a batch of firearms and cannons to West Balam, to add coal to the chaos there..."

After he said that, the bishop on the other side didn't immediately give him an answer, as though he was alarmed by the arms dealing. He was momentarily unsure as to how to organize his words.

The confessional instantly ended up being wrapped in an awkward silence.

You became frightened just from that? Have you never encountered a confessor as frank as me? If I were to say that I'm currently plotting the murder of a demigod while hiding from the Mother Tree of Desire and the True Creator, wouldn't you be jumping up? Klein lampooned as he continued, "I did enjoy the adventurer's life when I was young. I obtained my wealth through metal, blood, and fire. But 'm already sick of that life. I only wish for a peaceful future.

"I originally wanted to decline the offer, but I'm unable to overcome the greed in my heart. This is a sufficiently enticing business, and it helps me in obtaining a firm footing in Backlund's high society.

"I confess that I ultimately chose the bustle and chaos."

The bishop on the other side finally had a response as he said in a gentle voice, "Don't be afraid. Don't waver. You don't have to feel guilt for a certain level of greed. As long as you don't harm the innocent or commit any of the crimes as written in the bible.

"Go, follow your inner heart and make the choice you wish to make the most. Only this way can you truly understand the teachings and understand the truth of those words.

"There's no need to be put in a difficult position. Remember this. No matter what you do, sincerely being contrite and penitent is worthy of praise and forgiveness.

"May the Goddess bless you."

"Praise the Lady!" Klein drew the crimson moon once again on his chest.

His visit to Saint Samuel Cathedral was to use the opportunity of a confession to inform the Church of his intentions of engaging in arms dealing. He wanted to know their reaction, so as to pry into the Goddess's attitude toward him.

Without saying anything extra, Klein slowly got up and left the confessional. He walked down the aisle and went toward his valet, Richardson.

At this moment, he saw a lady sitting in the corner of the prayer hall. She was wearing a hooded black robe, with blue eyeshadow and blush. She had quite an uncanny sense of beauty. She was none other than Spirit Medium Daly Simone.

Daly looked up and similarly noticed Dwayne Dantes. Her expression momentarily turned adrift as though she had fallen asleep while praying and had entered a dream.

Klein nodded at her indiscernibly as a polite gesture. Then, he took his hat and cane from Richardson as he unhurriedly walked out of the hall.

Daly retracted her gaze as she looked down at the pew in front of her before slowly closing her eyes.

Walking out of Saint Samuel Cathedral, Klein stood by the side of the staircase and paused for two seconds.

The white pigeons suddenly flew up in the square up ahead, blocking the view of everyone who were taking in the scene.

Less than thirty minutes later, in the basement, Leonard heard that Dwayne Dantes, who had previously been investigated, was about to cooperate with the officials. He was going to be a merchant who would sell arms to West Balam.

What is he trying to do? Leonard frowned, little by little, completely at a loss as to what the undying monster's thoughts were.

Chapter 855: New Visitor

As he returned from Saint Samuel Cathedral to 160 Boklund Street, Klein saw his white-gloved butler, Walter, walk up to him.

"Sir, someone delivered a name card. He said that his employer wishes to visit you from four to five," Walter said with a staid expression.

Klein tried figuring out who the visitor was, but he had no clue. He nodded gently and said, "Who's his employer?"

Walter darted his gaze around and saw that the other servants were rather far away. He then replied, "Baron Syndras."

Baron Syndras... That millionaire tycoon who obtained his aristocratic title with the help of the Conservative Party and Duke Negan, and is also one of the most famous bankers and entrepreneurs in the kingdom? I previously helped Ma'am Mary purchase the Coim Company shares. The competitor happens to be him and his friends... He's visiting me personally for that matter? It's only a transaction worth about 13,000 pounds. It shouldn't be something that requires him to go this far... As Klein's mind raced, he walked to the staircase that led to the second floor.

Walter walked half a step behind him as he said, "Sir, if you don't wish to meet Baron Syndras, I'll inform him that you got caught up at Saint Samuel Cathedral, listening to the bishop's preachings, and might return very late."

In between the lines, the butler was saying that Baron Syndras was a believer of the Lord of Storms. It was impossible for him to head directly to Saint Samuel Cathedral to seek him out.

Klein thought and smiled before gently saying, "This is a noble who has immense influence in the banking industry. I'll definitely come across him in the future, so I have to meet him.

"Hmm... Arrange the meeting to be at the small living room on the second floor where there's the most sunlight."

According to what Klein knew, Baron Syndras was the third-largest shareholder of Backlund Bank and the largest shareholder of Southville People's Bank. In Loen Kingdom's banking industry, he was definitely one of the few people with the greatest influence.

"Yes, sir." Walter didn't nag on.

At ten past four, Klein met the visitor who often appeared on the papers, in the predetermined living room.

The only thing that was different and deviated from his expectations was that Backlund turned cloudy after three. The weather had turned dark and began drizzling. It didn't bring in the bright and warm sunshine.

Baron Syndras was identical to how he looked on the papers. He had black hair mixed with some white hair that was neatly combed backward, revealing his broad forehead and receding hairline.

His face was rather round, but it lacked the flesh needed to support it. His cheekbones were rather high, and his wrinkles were obvious.

Unlike most Loenese his age, Baron Syndras didn't have any facial hair. He was clean-shaven, and his light-blue eyes were nearly colorless.

Beside him were a valet and bodyguard. They were the kind of people that didn't attract much attention. The former's greatest characteristic was his thin hair, while the latter had short hair if you didn't count the thick beard that reached down from his ears.

"Good afternoon, Lord Syndras. It's my honor to have you here as my guest." Klein held his hand to his chest as he bowed.

Usually, a host would mostly lean their bodies forward and reach out their right hand for a handshake when greeting a guest, but at this moment, he was in front of a noble; thus, requiring him to be more courteous.

Baron Syndras nodded gently as he smiled in response.

"You're being polite. I should've visited you a long time ago, Dwayne Dantes, an experienced gentleman who knows much about the Southern Continent."

After exchanging some pleasantries, the two took their seats while the valets and bodyguards settled by the side.

Klein was just about to say something when Baron Syndras said in a genial tone, "Dantes, I'm really impressed with people like you. Not everyone can obtain riches from the chaos in the Southern Continent. This requires plenty of guts and the courage to face adversity, as well as stunning judgment.

"Back when I was facing bankruptcy, I had entertained the idea of starting anew in the Southern Continent, but unfortunately, I'm not a brave man."

Although Baron Syndras later became a noble, he wasn't a commoner in the true sense of the word. His great grandfather and grandfather had benefited from the development of the colonies, earning them plenty of money from the sea trade. They were rather successful merchants. As for his father, he had invested in industries, building up his reputation and acquiring several factories.

When it came to his generation, he blitzed into the developing banking industry with his sizable wealth, becoming one of the earliest millionaires in Loen.

During this process, Baron Syndras had suffered three failures, but he overcame them, one after another. The most harrowing incident was when the Southville People's Bank he founded suffered from a reputation crisis. A bank run happened, nearly bankrupting him.

He keeps chatting about my experiences in the Southern Continent... Is he hinting to me that he has already discovered the problems with my background, and is using it as a warning? Heh, he probably never expected that the Southern Continent experience he keeps repeating is all fake... Klein scoffed inwardly, but he replied while looking absolutely normal, "That isn't courage but rashness.

"Most people who head to the Southern Continent do have the spirit of adventure, but that's all they have."

Without waiting for Baron Syndras to continue, he smiled and said, "I nearly hired Mr. Rebach some time ago as my butler. He said that you were an excellent employer."

Baron Syndras listened in silence before sighing.

"That is something that fills me with regret.

"Back then, I was very sincere in hoping that Rebach could continue being my butler, but he couldn't overcome the conflict within our positions."

Upon saying that, Syndras looked at the handsome and elegant Dwayne Dantes, picked up the black tea that had been served by a servant, and took a sip.

"I also sincerely hope that we can be friends. I hope you can transfer the Coim Company's 3% to me.

"I will give you an offer you can't resist."

Here it comes... But I have a contract with Ma'am Mary... Klein fell silent for two seconds and said with a smiling sigh, "I deeply value my trustworthiness."

Upon hearing such an answer, Syndras didn't show any obvious anger. He smiled, curious and surprised, "Aren't you going to listen to my offer?"

Klein deliberately spread out his hands with a wry smile.

"I'm afraid I will find it irresistible."

"Haha." Syndras immediately laughed and slowly stood up. "you're as humorous as they say. At the same time, you have a firm will that the rumors fail to mention."

He looked at his bodyguard and valet before saying to Dwayne Dantes with a smile, "Being a partner with you is definitely better than being a competitor. Alright, it's time that I leave. There are many things that require my attention."

Is this sincere praise, or a veiled threat? Klein wasn't a Spectator, so he wasn't able to interpret the subtleties. All he could do was shamelessly reply, "Likewise. I look forward to having the opportunity to cooperate with you in other domains, Lord Syndras."

Dressed in a formal suit and a tie, Baron Syndras smiled and nodded. Without saying another word, he was led out of the main door by Dwayne Dantes and his butler and valet.

As he watched the luxurious carriage disappear into the distance, Butler Walter suddenly said, "Sir, should I hire some temporary bodyguards?"

Ah? Klein nearly failed to understand his butler.

Seeing his employer's expression remain unperturbed, Walter added, "At times, competition in business can endanger one's personal safety."

Mr. Butler also noticed the veiled threats by Baron Syndras? Klein curled the corners of his lips and said, "I'm not too worried because this is Backlund."

Because my name is known at the Church of Evernight. Because I'm about to cooperate with the military... Therefore, I'm not afraid of suffering any form of retaliation in the Beyonder domain, and I'm not afraid that matters will develop like with the Intis ambassador. Besides, Baron Syndras is a successful man with status and power. He won't be that rash... Klein thought inwardly.

When Walter attempted to continue, Klein chuckled and said, "However, being careful is forever a good habit.

"Hmm... You can hire two bodyguards. Let them secretly provide me with protection. Try to not have them be discovered by the servants at home."

"Yes, sir," Walter immediately replied.

Klein thought for a moment and said, "Make a trip to Member of Parliament Macht's place. Invite him to dinner at the Intis Srenzo Restaurant tomorrow along with his wife and daughter. If they have a prior commitment, we can postpone it to another day."

He planned on informing Macht that he planned on taking the military's test and completing the small arms deal.

The most convenient method was to visit Macht at his residence and mention it in passing, but considering how there might be a demigod of the Marauder pathway around Hazel, any close contact might result in the aura of the gray fog on him being detected. Therefore, Klein changed his plans and decided to have the venue to be at a restaurant.

This way, based on his judgment, the demigod which had failed to parasitize Hazel was unlikely to accompany her.

Xio hid in the shadows of the woods as she watched a brown carriage slowly drive past and turn into a particular street in Empress Borough.

There was an obvious coat of arms on the carriage. It was mainly a flower and two rings. They belonged to the captain of the Loen Kingdom's royal guards, Viscount Stratford.

Realizing that she had made zero discoveries, she gloomily left her hiding spot and took a nearby public carriage. She returned straight to the Backlund Bridge area and walked into East Borough.

Upon coming to the Dharavi Street's bar, Xio easily walked to the bar counter as the drunkards avoided her. She ask directlyed the bartender who was wiping a cup, "Any new jobs?"

The bartender immediately smiled.

"Yes. Butler Walter, who previously offered a 200-pound bounty for a few cheats, has offered a new job. It's very simple. Secretly protect his employer for a few days. The payment will be discussed face-to-face. It will definitely be a handsome reward.

"He was very pleased with your efficiency during the last mission. He requested that we give you priority.

"How about it? Are you interested?"

Xio had a rather deep impression of the butler and his employer because they had spent 200 pounds to seek out cheats who had only scammed 1,000 pounds of cloth.

Very generous, and he's quick to pay... Xio did a slight recall before nodding and saying, "Alright."

Chapter 856: Bodyguards Arrive

In an apartment in Cherwood Borough.

Just as Xio entered, she caught the scent of fried food. She couldn't help but twitch her nose and looked toward the kitchen.

"Fors?"

"Would there be anyone else?" Fors peeked her head out from the kitchen and asked with a smile.

Xio put down the papers in her hand, half-surprised and half-grumbling, "Do you still remember how long it's been since you stepped into a kitchen? Eh, making toast in the morning doesn't count."

Fors returned to the kitchen, leaving only her voice behind.

"I eat out because the food is better. And now, the surrounding streets don't have any good fried chicken.

"I suddenly had a craving for it. When it comes to Intis cuisine, I like it the most!"

Xio walked to the kitchen and leaned against the door frame as she watched Fors busily prepare dinner. She deliberated and said, "I received a job. 100 pounds a day. Ranging from three to five days, but I need another helper.

"Weren't you previously lacking in money. Why don't we do it together?"

Actually, my financial situation has improved... However, a mission that pays 50 pounds a day isn't bad. I'll save up as much as I can. There will be plenty of places that require me to spend money in the future... As Fors watched her pot of oil, she asked, "What kind of job is it?"

She had already calculated how much she could receive.

Xio combed her slightly coarse blonde hair and said, "Secretly protect a tycoon named Dwayne Dantes."

"What did he encounter? Will it be very dangerous?" Fors asked cautiously.

Xio recalled and said, "Apparently there was some kind of business conflict, and his competitor has threatened him.

"This isn't anything dangerous. As you are aware, the powerful Beyonders in Backlund wouldn't dare to take any risks, as it's easy to expose themselves, causing them to be targeted by the Nighthawks and Mandated Punishers."

"Perhaps the other party is a lunatic? You can't rule that out." While retorting, Fors naturally thought of The World Gehrman Sparrow. This gentleman was a lunatic who dared to pull off major upsets in Backlund!

She paused and scooped up the pieces of fried chicken.

"Since you've already accepted the mission and I have nothing coming up recently, let's do it together.

"It's good too. We will be protecting him in secret, so no one will discover that I'm a bodyguard. Otherwise, I'll have no way of participating in those literature salons. Heh heh, actually, I can tell them that I'm experiencing life and gathering material. My next novel will be about a female bodyguard and her male employer!"

Xio was already used to Fors's penchant for letting her thoughts wander. She scrunched up her nose and said, "Let's head over after dinner."

160 Boklund Street. Klein had set up a ritual in the master bedroom's bathroom and headed above the gray fog.

He planned on handling some random matters before the bodyguards hired by Butler Walter came--it wouldn't be convenient for him to do them in the coming days.

And among these random matters, the most important task was to confirm the situation with the Creeping Hunger.

Sitting behind the seat belonging to The Fool, Klein made the human-skinned glove fly out from the junk pile.

After a series of divinations, he discovered that the Creeping Hunger was rather stubborn this time. None of the negative side effects had changed.

It's a result of Mr. A's corruption, so it's absolutely not giving up its praise of the True Creator? The corners of Klein's mouth twitched as he seriously considered the solution to this matter.

Find another way to threaten it? No, how can I call it threatening? Under the premise of being proactive, I will be engaging in friendly communication with it... Klein rapped the corner of the long mottled table and muttered silently, I'll be writing to Mr. Azik later anyway. I can also mention in passing that the Creeping Hunger's seal is no longer effective.

I can also bring some mushrooms along with me. No, that wouldn't work. Although it will stop the Creeping Hunger from praising the True Creator, it will make it unusable. Hmm... I'll get a few of the original mutated mushrooms from Frank to see if there are other effects...

After determining his thought process, Klein threw Azik's copper whistle and the adventurer's harmonica through the Door of Sacrifice and Bestowment before returning to the real world. He packed up the ritual items and wiped away any traces of the ritual.

After leaving the bathroom, Klein walked to his study desk, taking out a fountain pen and paper as he deliberated over the things to say.

"Dear Mr. Azik... It's been a while since I've written to you. I wonder how you've been recently...

"..Due to certain unforeseen circumstances, your seal on the Creeping Hunger is no longer effective. Can you give me the corresponding method? I wish to apply the seal on it again...

"Have you heard of creatures known as Spirit World

Plunderers? What level are they, and what kinds of characteristics do they have? Where are they usually active in?"

"I might be heading to the Southern Continent in the near future. If I obtain any new information on Death, I'll write to you as soon as possible..."

Putting down the fountain pen and reading it twice, Klein folded the letter and blew the copper whistle.

Silently, white bones spewed out from the floor, gushing out like a fountain into midair, forming a giant skeleton that was nearly four meters tall.

The skeleton lowered its head to glance at Dwayne Dantes before bending its back, bending its right arm and spreading open its palm.

This messenger is becoming more polite... Klein nodded in satisfaction, handing it the letter.

The skeleton messenger did not linger. It immediately disintegrated, pouring down like a waterfall before rapidly vanishing.

Klein silently heaved a sigh of relief as he retracted his gaze and continued writing a letter to Frank.

"..The dried mushrooms you provided were pretty good. Do you still have more?

"Do you find the idea I previously mentioned viable? If you encounter any difficulties during the research process, you can write to me..."

After folding the letter, Klein blew into the adventurer's harmonica.

He saw Miss Messenger Reinette Tinekerr appear by his side. She still lacked a head as she wore a complicated black dress while carrying four beautiful blonde, red-eyed heads.

"Can you lock onto Frank Lee?" Klein asked rather confidently. After all, Miss Messenger was unlike ordinary messengers. She was a spirit world creature at the demigod level.

Under normal circumstances, a messenger could only locate the contractor or the person who held the summoning ritual. As for the latter, there was a limitation. Once the ritual was too far away, the messenger wouldn't be able to find them.

Reinette Tinekerr's four heads turned in unison and looked at Klein.

"Yes..." "It's that..." "Man..." "Who wants..." "To..." "Plant..." "Everything..." "Right?"

What did Frank do to leave such a deep impression on Miss Messenger... Back when I replied, she even said that she hoped that he wasn't dead... Klein nodded seriously.

"Yes."

Reinette Tinekerr's four heads spoke one after another.

"

"Can..." "Locate..." "I labeled..." "Him...

Ah? Klein turned agape, nearly forgetting his motives.

Poor Frank, no, the great and powerful Frank. He actually got Miss Messenger to specially label him... May the Goddess watch over him... Klein silently exhaled and handed the letter to Reinette Tinekerr.

"Please hand it to Frank.

"He will pay you the gold coin."

One of the heads in Reinette Tinekerr's hand opened its mouth and bit down on the letter. Then, it directly entered the spirit world and vanished from his senses.

After dealing with these matters, Klein kept the copper whistle and harmonica on his person. He went downstairs to have dinner.

Midway, Walter entered and whispered into Dwayne Dantes's ear, "The bodyguards have arrived. It's that Miss Xio and her friend from before. I will arrange for them to secretly provide you protection."

Miss Xio and her friend? Don't tell me it's Miss Magician... Klein was momentarily at a loss for words as all he could do was gently nod, acknowledging the new tidbit of information.

His spirituality actually didn't sense that someone had "infiltrated" his house. However, this was very normal since it wasn't time for most people to sleep for the night. When it was that period of time, any abnormalities became rather obvious. Therefore, unless Klein specially used his spirituality to leave undetectable marks at key spots, or if the intruder had plenty of ill intentions toward him, he would find it difficult to notice them.

In a bedroom on the third floor, Xio and Fors each took a window. Through the glass, they looked down at the garden.

"This is my dream house. When I have enough money, I'll buy a house just like this in a scenic area. No, I'll still choose Backlund. There are more delicacies here, and it's more convenient," Fors said sincerely.

With that said, she sighed inwardly.

Unfortunately, I have the curse of the full moon. I can only continue improving myself. Otherwise, I'd have kept a house instead of selling it for cash...

Xio traced her friend's gaze and looked outside, whispering, "I lived in such a residence when I was little..."

Fors stole a glance at Xio. As she had no idea what to say, she changed topics.

"How should we provide him with protection?"

Xio retracted her gaze.

"When Mr. Dwayne Dantes is home and without guests, we'll just hide in the room and watch the surroundings to prevent anyone from infiltrating...

"When there are guests, we'll head to the adjacent room and pay close attention to any changes. We'll open the door at any moment to save him...

"If Mr. Dwayne Dantes were to head out, the butler will inform us ahead of time. I'll hide beneath the carriage to protect him while you'll follow on another carriage..."

"Xio, you're becoming more and more professional!" Fors seriously praised her before chuckling. "I saw Mr. Dwayne Dantes's portrait just now. If you hadn't told me that the danger arose because of a business conflict, I would've suspected that the problem arose because of love..."

Before Fors finished her sentence, she suddenly saw a carriage stop outside the compound. Following that, a few policemen in black-and-white checkered uniforms got out of the carriage.

What's happening? She looked at her friend and found Xio looking equally puzzled.

Inside the living room on the second floor, Klein met the four officers.

"Mr. Dwayne Dantes, do you know Mr. Cuaron?"

Cuaron? Klein tried recalling and remembered that it was the gentleman who had sold him the Coim Company shares.

"Yes, what happened to him?" Klein asked calmly.

The officer that led the team replied in a rather polite manner, "He committed suicide."

"In addition, he left behind a will, accusing you of forcing him to sell his shares and torturing him using all kinds of underhanded means, causing him to suffer from severe depression.

"And his family has provided proof regarding the contents of his will."

Chapter 857: Poignant

Cuaron committed suicide? His will accused me of forcing him to sell his shares? His family can even provide evidence? As Klein listened to the officer's description, he digested the relevant information and produced questions in his mind.

After he understood the situation, his first reaction was: Baron Syndras has taken action!

This powerful banker didn't hesitate to carry out his follow-up action against me after failing to cooperate with me, treating me as an enemy. He didn't hold back!

Furthermore, he has clearly gathered enough information to know that Dwayne Dantes is involved with the Church of Evernight and Member of Parliament Macht and the faction backing him. If he were to directly deal with me, it would easily attract unwanted trouble. Therefore, he chose to strike at the other end of the transaction, Cuaron. This will be more indirect and safer, but it would be equally treacherous and ruthless.

This is an utter disregard of an ordinary person's life... Klein suddenly recalled the innocent people who collapsed during the Great Smog of Backlund. He couldn't help but feel a sense of rage surge within him as it bubbled to the surface but was ice-cold.

Klein used his Clown powers to control his facial expression, making him look even more surprised as he asked, seemingly finding the situation incomprehensible, "Are you certain you aren't joking?"

The leading officer nodded solemnly.

"If we didn't have sufficient clues to support it, we wouldn't disturb a gentleman like you.

"Mr. Dwayne Dantes, I'll have to trouble you to follow us to the station for further investigations."

Despite looking unperturbed, Klein's mind was racing. Just as he was about to say something, he suddenly noticed something illogical.

Regardless, murder is a serious crime in the current Loen Kingdom. With Baron Syndras's identity, status, and social connections, he will have at least a few dozen effective means to deal with a foreign tycoon that just came to Backlund two months ago. There's no need to go this far.

After all, as a member of high society, he will more or less understand or be in contact with Beyonder powers. He knows that there are all kinds of incredible means to pursue the true murderer. Unless he's completely confident, taking the risk to frame someone for murder is definitely the worst choice.

If Syndras were to use his authority to suppress the investigations of the official Beyonders, it will definitely be more effective and simpler to employ other means!

Even if he temporarily isn't aware that I'm about to work with the military, he's definitely aware of my connection with the Church of Evernight and Member of Parliament Macht. He wouldn't do things in such a simple and brazen manner... Most importantly, even if he's the kind of murderer who would kill for 3% shares, why didn't he do it earlier? He could've held Cuaron at gunpoint early on, resolving the matter without causing any fuss... Klein glanced at the officers in front of him while in thought without immediately giving an answer.

And in an adjacent room, Xio and Fors were leaning against the wall. Using the latter's ability to open a small door, they didn't miss any parts of the entire conversation.

"What do we do? If the police want to arrest him, do we still provide protection?" Fors, who lacked the experience of a bounty hunter, hurriedly suppressed her voice as she asked her friend.

She never expected that the business conflict would result in a case of murder and suspicion of framing. The enemy she had imagined had transformed from an infiltrating murderous bandit into a police officer. She was momentarily unsure of what to do.

Xio was also in a dilemma.

"Usually, a bodyguard will only deal with illegal encroachers.

"But... They have given such generous compensation."

Fors was surprised and amused by the response as she asked, "If he really is imprisoned, are you thinking of breaking him out of jail?

"Let's put aside the problem of danger. That way, you too would be wanted, and you won't be able to be a bounty hunter again. When the time comes, do you plan on fleeing elsewhere with this gentleman?"

As she spoke, Fors, who had already come up with a story, discovered that Dwayne Dantes had a response.

This elegant gentleman with white sideburns turned to look at Walter and said in a calm, gentle voice, "Two matters. First, visit Baron Syndras and tell him that someone is trying to frame him."

Walter revealed a rare look of surprise and confusion, finding his employer's instructions incomprehensible.

From his point of view, this matter was highly likely to be orchestrated by Baron Syndras. It was pointless visiting him, as it would only result in mockery.

Klein smiled.

"He was a guest recently, and he had threatened me for the shares. Following that, Mr. Cuaron met with his demise. I find it hard to believe that he wouldn't be under suspicion. Therefore, I believe that it's necessary to warn him. This is what a gentleman should do."

The officers were slightly perturbed by what was said. They had the inexplicable feeling that the matter was more complicated than they had imagined. As for Walter, he was somewhat enlightened as he replied, "Yes, sir. Pl immediately visit Baron Syndras and inform your friends and his of this matter."

This way, if this wasn't done by Baron Syndras, all subsequent trouble would be dealt with by him. If he were the mastermind behind this, by involving him in the name of kindly warning him and spreading the news, it could create sufficient pressure from public opinion. It would make it easier for Member of Parliament Macht and company to "rescue" him.

Smart... A good butler really helps... Klein silently praised him as he continued, "Second, please call for my lawyer to handle this tiny inconvenience."

After instructing his butler and valet, Klein looked at the few officers in front of him.

"Alright, I'll follow you back to the station. I won't make things difficult for you.

"However, I wouldn't answer any of your questions before my lawyer arrives."

The leading officer heaved a sigh of relief as he said with a nod, "Thank you for your cooperation, Mr. Dantes."

At this moment, in the adjacent room, Fors hurriedly said, "Are we following?"

"Yes. ll hide beneath the carriage now and follow it to the station. We can't be certain that those police officers are real ones!" Xio replied rather cautiously.

She paused, seizing the moment to ask, "What else do you wish to say?"

Fors thought for a moment and poignantly said, "Nobles and tycoons are truly terrifying!"

Xio was taken aback. She didn't speak further as she walked to the window. Supporting herself with one hand, she nimbly jumped down, landing in the shadows of the building.

A few minutes later, Klein and two officers boarded a carriage belonging to Dwayne Dantes.

When he sat down, he looked at the thick carpet, his expression the same as before.

At the police station, Klein was directly brought to an interrogation room. However, he didn't give a response, regardless of what the officer asked.

Only when his lawyer arrived did he give an account. He said that he had only met Cuar6en once. He also mentioned that the negotiation of the share purchase was completely handled by a professional team; hence, he didn't personally involve himself in it.

He repeated his statements, saying that he was unaware of anything else. This left the interrogator at a loss until he was called out of the room.

After a while, the officer responsible for recording the statement walked in and said, "Alright, you may leave. A gentleman with an honorable status has vouched for you and paid for your bail."

Klein didn't immediately stand up as he continued sitting in the chair. He looked up and asked, "Who is it?"

The officer said with a respectful tone, "Baron Syndras."

Klein immediately revealed a smile as he slowly got up. He left the interrogation room with his lawyer before meeting up with his butler and valet.

At the entrance to the police station, he met Baron Syndras once again.

This powerful banker's hair was still neatly combed back, with silver and black interweaving with each other. Beside him was a valet and his bearded bodyguard.

"Thank you for your warning, Dantes. Few people would be so calm and sharp when they encounter such a sudden turn of events," Syndras smiled as he took two steps forward, reached out his palm, and shook Klein's hand.

Klein replied with a smile, "I was simply trusting your character."

Syndras obviously didn't believe such lip service. He found an excuse and, accompanied by his bodyguard, boarded Dwayne Dantes's carriage.

As for his valet, he sent him off to his luxurious carriage to instruct the carriage driver to follow behind.

As parasol trees flew past outside the carriage window, Syndras spoke first.

"Dantes, how did you come to such a judgment?"

Klein glanced at his butler and valet beside him and chuckled.

"Two points. First, I believe that you will have a better solution. You wouldn't do something this violent."

Syndras drank a mouthful of white wine on the carriage as he chuckled.

"Indeed."

"..." The corners of Klein's mouth twitched as he said, "I'm very curious as to what kind of methods you would employ."

He had only asked in passing, without any real hope of obtaining an answer. However, Syndras chuckled and said,

"With matters developing this far, it doesn't matter if I tell you.

"It's very simple: isn't your goal to enter high society? I planned to hire women of different ages. They will accuse you on different social occasions that you toyed with their feelings and bodies, but you refuse to be responsible for your actions. If necessary, I'll find a few toddling children to clasp you around the legs, calling you PA [1]. Perhaps I might get some civilians to accuse you of seducing their wives and destroying their marriage.

"This is Loen, a rather conservative place. No one would wish to have such a person as a friend. Likewise, the Church of Evernight, which values 'marriage' and 'family,' will also distance itself from you.

"It will be difficult to clear the air on such matters; yet, it wouldn't be a big deal. They wouldn't use their resources to help investigate for you. By the time you eventually find a loophole, your image would have become fixed and known by all. How many people do you think will believe your explanations? You are just a newcomer and have yet to build a reputation. You aren't that trustworthy.

"Of course, if you were willing to accept my conditions, I'd stake my reputation for you.

"That will be only the first step. Now it will not happen."

Klein was almost stunned by what he heard. He found himself far too inexperienced compared with a seasoned banker who had established a commercial empire for himself.

"I believe I should thank you," he replied with an unfazed smile. "Second, if you really wanted the 3% stake, I wouldn't be your match when it comes to wealth. It would ultimately be better to force Mr. Cuaron rather than killing him after the sale is completed."

Syndras raised his right hand and pressed his fingers to the corner of his forehead as he chuckled.

"No, you're mistaken. I was bent on obtaining the 3% stake.

"However, you're right about one thing. I did prepare an irresistible offer for Cuaron, but he suddenly made a decision and completed the deal with you with extraordinary speed. It caught me by surprise."

Klein narrowed his eyes slightly as he suddenly fell silent.

Returning to 160 Boklund Street, Xio circled the area and entered the third floor again, seeing Fors who had easily entered by using Door Opening.

"How is it? Nothing happened, right?" Fors, who had only followed from a distance away, asked curiously.

Xio shook her head stiffly.

"No."

She then looked rueful.

"Nobles and tycoons are truly terrifying."

[1] This refers to Mark Twain's "Running for Governor," a work commonly taught to Chinese middle-school students.

Chapter 858: Generous

On the tiny balcony of the master bedroom, Klein stood behind a railing in the form of Dwayne Dantes. He silently watched Baron Syndras's luxurious carriage depart.

His mind was still resonating with the conversation he just had. He believed that there had been a secret plot behind the acquisition of the Coim Company's shares from the very beginning.

According to Syndras, although the Coim Company has great potential and bright prospects, its current value is only limited to Backlund. It is constrained by many conditions, making it not valuable enough for a powerful banker to place such great importance on it that he had to seem so hell-bent on acquiring it. After all, even if he didn't succeed, it would only be a difference in profit. It wouldn't result in any losses.

For the seller, Cuaron, it's very normal to be under external stress to sell his shares for cash. It's also very normal for him to be unwilling to see "Moneybags" Baron Syndras from the Conservative Party. But herein lies the problem. As a businessman, faced with a deal that isn't considered important, the political leanings should be considered when prices are similar. There's no reason to reject the possibility of receiving an extremely high premium. Yet, he had deliberately rushed to close the deal with Dwayne Dantes before Syndras could make his final offer. It's as if he has a grudge with money or views the Conservative Party with extreme prejudice. And this doesn't match the current political climate. The Loen Kingdom's internal politics haven't reached such a splintered state.

From the looks of it, someone is forcing Syndras to do this, and someone designed a trap, using Cuaron's 3% shares as the bait and me as the cover to lure Syndras into the trap, wishing to achieve a certain goal... Klein looked at the street lamps under the night sky as he sighed.

Based on my assumption, if I hadn't discovered the problem tonight and hadn't sent someone to Syndras, the subsequent developments would definitely have me crushed by all kinds of seemingly incriminating evidence. And when the military or the Church of Evernight intervenes, there will undoubtedly be a twist in the evidence, incriminating Syndras.

During this process, just a tiny misjudgment on Syndras's part will result in him treating Dwayne Dantes as an accomplice of the mastermind behind this ploy. He would use a rather intense method in response, hammering the final nail in my coffin.

As for who the mastermind was and their true goals, Klein had no idea. All he could do was confirm that Ma'am Mary likely wasn't aware of the truth. She was only used due to her anxiety to preserve her control over the Coim Company. In short, she wasn't qualified to be deeply involved in the mastermind's ploy.

Environmental protection... New Party... Conservative Party... Bankers... Acquisition... Framing... One word after another surfaced in Klein's mind, seemingly allowing him to see through the present calm in Backlund. He saw the dangerous stirrings that were hidden beneath the surface.

They had existed for a long time and hadn't been quelled because of the Great Smog. It was even possible that it was just an extension of the tragedy.

When all of these meshed together, mixed with the tense international environment, Klein suddenly thought of a word: "Revolution!"

In that second, Klein seemed to catch a whiff of the impending storm.

Together with the prophecy of the apocalypse, I wonder how much chaos and madness are brewing in secret... Currently, my main goal is to start from the military and investigate the truth behind the Great Smog of Backlund. If I were to get caught up in this maelstrom, there's a high chance I'll get involved in unnecessary trouble. Perhaps it might expose my Sequence powers, preventing me from continuing my act as Dwayne Dantes... Klein retracted his gaze, having made his decision.

It was to quickly extricate himself from the matter!

As for Syndras's safety, he wasn't too worried. First, the former had the Conservative Party backing him, and he had his own faction. With him on alert, it would be difficult for him to suffer any further harm. Second, Klein didn't have any deep ties with him; thus, providing a warning already spoke volumes of his character.

As for the truth behind Cuaron's death, he had no right to carry out any investigations. All he could do was trust in the Nighthawks' rich experience and the myriad of means to have a chance of finding the real clues.

How should I extricate myself? As long as the shares are with me, it implies that I'll ultimately remain at center stage... Get Ma'am Mary to acquire it ahead of time? That will be very difficult. She likely doesn't have the funds... Sell it to Syndras? That will be in violation of the contract... Amidst Klein's flurry of thoughts, he gradually had an idea.

His facial muscles twitched a little for some baffling reason before they relaxed. This was because what he wanted to do was something he had planned on doing but lacked the ability to do so. Furthermore, it would also benefit him by establishing an image, bettering his chances of entering high society.

In the room adjacent to the balcony, Xio and Fors were observing the streets and garden. One of them was looking at the crimson moon that was half-hidden behind the thick clouds. There was a prolonged silence.

Only when Dwayne Dantes's lights were extinguished did Fors turn to look at her friend. She said in excitement and clear poignancy, "Being a tycoon sure isn't easy...

"If you were him, you might've gone bankrupt in three days and be sent to jail."

Xio shot her a glance and said, "I can hire a powerful butler, a professional lawyer, and a capable business secretary to help me."

Fors didn't continue putting her down as she said with a smile, "If I were you, I would change all of it to cash, bonds, and property. I'll use the annual income they bring about to maintain a decent life."

Just as she said that, she saw Xio frown slightly. She cast her gaze toward the first floor.

"What happened?" Fors tensed up.

Xio observed for a few seconds before saying, "My spiritual perception tells me that an item or matter related to black magic has appeared."

One of the biggest advantages of a Sheriff was that when they were close enough, they could sense matters related to evil, chaos, and madness that weren't screened.

"Black magic?" Fors was considered a senior Beyonder, so she wasn't unfamiliar with that.

Strictly speaking, anything that didn't pass through the seven orthodox deities was considered as black magic. It included ritualistic magic that prayed to secret existences.

In the typical sense, black magic referred to the use of flesh and blood, hair, and all kinds of strange items to cast strange spells. It partially involved evil gods, one's Beyonder powers, the spirituality of the materials used, and the correct symbols and magic labels.

Xio nodded heavily and said, "Yes, it's on the first floor. I plan on taking a look. Stay here to protect Mr. Dantes."

Fors kept silent for two seconds and nodded without wasting any time.

"Okay."

After Xio left the balcony's half-open room, Fors took out Leymano's Travels from a hidden pouch, prepared to immediately take action if anything amiss happened.

Elsewhere, Xio nimbly and briskly arrived at the first floor. Following her senses, she arrived outside a room.

After confirming that the target was inside, Xio was surprised as her expression gradually darkened.

If she didn't remember wrongly, this room likely belonged to Butler Walter who had hired her!

During her momentary daze, the black magic item or matter which triggered her spiritual perception vanished. Calm returned to the room as though nothing abnormal had happened.

Xio hurriedly pressed her ear to the door and carefully listened, confirming that there was the breathing of a human inside.

After waiting for a while and seeing that Walter wasn't doing anything else, she returned to the third floor with a look of suspicion. She recounted her findings to her friend and finally said, "Do we feign ignorance, or think of a way to remind Mr. Dantes?"

Fors thought and said, "Perhaps the butler doesn't have any ill intentions?

"Let's keep observing."

After deciding on their stance, she tsked in wonder.

"I have to say that Mr. Dwayne Dantes is a really pitiful person. Not only was he used by others to harm Baron Syndras and get framed, nearly throwing him into jail and losing his reputation, but he also has a butler who researches black magic with an unknown motive. Sigh, I hope he doesn't lose his life because of that. On this front, he's only a helpless commoner."

Xio nodded in agreement.

"If we're unable to determine the butler's intentions after three days are over, we can leave a slip for him to warn him."

The next morning, Klein glanced at Walter as usual after having breakfast before leaving home with Richardson. He rode a carriage to Saint Samuel Cathedral.

After the preaching and prayers, Klein didn't make any donations. Instead, he directly came to Bishop Elektra.

"Is there something?" Although this bishop was under immense stress due to the infiltration of Chanis Gate, he was still rather friendly when dealing with the faithful.

Klein smiled and replied, "I've recently been involved in certain matters and have come to recognize my true self."

Without waiting for Elektra to inquire, he continued, "I wish to establish a foundation that targets the poor. I hope that they can receive help from the Church.

"I will place the Coim Company shares I have on hand into this foundation, so as to launch this initiative using all the funds obtainable from the contract.

Elektra was nearly stupefied by what he heard because it was definitely a sizable sum.

Although it wasn't public knowledge how much Dwayne Dantes spent on acquiring the 3% stake, just from the relevant sources of information, it was estimated to be over 10,000 pounds. Furthermore, the future returns were nothing to scoff at!

And back then, Ma'am Mary had been pursued by many men of status who had wealth in the range of tens of thousands of pounds.

Therefore, for Dwayne Dantes to suddenly donate more than ten thousand pounds was definitely considered a generous move. In the whole of the Church of Evernight, apart from donations from a deceased's will, there were only a handful of one-time donations that exceeded this amount!

"This is an act that deserves the highest praise," Elektra said sincerely. "However, I have the obligation to remind you that you shouldn't do something that is beyond your means."

Klein smiled and replied, "This isn't a small sum for me as well, but it's still acceptable. It wouldn't affect my life and business."

Elektra's smile gradually turned warm as he said with a nod, "The Goddess will definitely watch you."

Upon hearing this blessing, Klein's expression nearly froze.

Elektra continued, "I will report the matter to His Grace and try to organize a charity party for this foundation. When the time comes, I'll invite the Goddess's faithful from different domains. They will include powerful aristocrats and their families. Let's see if there are more people who are willing to participate."

He knew very well that Dwayne Dantes was attempting to enter high society; therefore, he had deliberately made mention of powerful aristocrats.

Chapter 859: New Mushrooms

In the bottom cabin of the Future where it was pitch-black.

Frank Lee lit a candle which illuminated a table covered with flesh, mushrooms, wheat, and fish.

He casually pushed the items away and cleared out a space that was just enough to accommodate a piece of paper.

Right on the heels of that, he spread out a piece of paper, picked up a fountain pen, and wrote with an excited expression:

"My dear friend, Gehrman Sparrow, I'm delighted to know that you found the dry mushrooms to be pretty good. Perhaps it's more useful than I imagined it to be. When I'm free, I'll take another look at them.

"As I've been fully focused, in both body and mind, in the experiment you mentioned, I've already stopped all other creations. Most of the mushrooms have been burned away by Nina, leaving me with the final three. I hope it will be of help to you.

"Placed together with them are my latest products. One of them is a type of mushroom that grows by feeding on flesh and blood. There are three varieties. The first is crossbred with wheat and can be ground into a mushroom powder that can be used to make bread. Another has the characteristic of being mixed with milk, allowing milk to be drawn from them. The last has been crossbred with fish. They come with a refreshing taste and has a thick, meaty texture.

"The important thing to note is that they are absolutely not to be eaten raw. They need to be cooked in water heated to 90 degrees Celsius for at least five minutes to kill any living characteristics; otherwise, regardless of what it turns into, it will absorb the flesh and blood around it, including human organs.

"Another point. It's unable to distinguish between normal flesh and monster flesh, nor can they deal with the latter properly. They will accumulate with the corresponding toxicity and madness.

"I think they will experience different mutations because of the different types of monster flesh, producing different kinds of danger. However, I wasn't able to verify that, because I lack a sufficient number of monster corpses. If you were to obtain one while adventuring, please mail me one. I only need a tiny amount.

"As for any other problems that might exist, I'm not sure either. It's still a prototype, preventing further attempts and observation...

"I wish you all the best and to have a bountiful time adventuring. Sincerely, your friend, Frank Lee."

After putting down the fountain pen, Frank read his reply in its entirety before folding in satisfaction. He found a gold coin and placed it over the letter.

He quickly set up the messenger summoning ritual in preparation to chant the incantation.

At this moment, he subconsciously surveyed his surroundings and was stunned.

Then, Frank moved the nearby pile of soil out the door.

In Empress Borough, the opulent villa of Earl Hall.

Audrey was hiding in her room, observing the glass bottle in her hand.

In the bottle was a translucent, colorless, sticky liquid. It was like a mirror when still, completely reflecting everything within its vicinity. When undulations happened, a very tiny whirlpool would silently spin beneath the surface.

This was none other than the Hypnotist potion which she had just successfully concocted!

Audrey had already digested her Psychiatrist potion and planned on advancing to Sequence 6 before Backlund's Psychology Alchemists contacted her.

After using Placate to quell her mental state, Audrey gently bit down on her lip, raised the glass bottle, and downed the potion.

After a brief chill, she suddenly felt her mind seem to explode. Her body also seemed to be contaminated as it turned somewhat incorporeal.

At that moment, her Soul Body, Astral Projection, and Ether Body were being absorbed and assimilated by her Body of Heart and Mind. Her entire person was like an amalgamation of pure thoughts that began churning. She felt the boundless sea of collective subconscious which connected all living creatures, and she sensed the spiritual sky that stood in contrast.

Having experienced the sense of alarm she received during her Psychiatrist advancement, Audrey didn't panic. She ultimately maintained a sliver of lucidity and curbed her instinctive urge to fuse into the "sea." She allowed her consciousness to spread out in all directions before contracting like a rubber band.

After an unknown period of time, she finally found her inner self. She saw the back of her hand covered in dense, firm golden scales and saw that the hair on her shoulders turned luxuriant and heavy, as though they were really made of gold.

After these anomalies receded, Audrey quickly recovered. However, when she looked into the mirror, she found her green eyes appear clear, but deep down was a strange bottomless whirlpool. It made it difficult for others to shift their gaze away from them, easily drowning within them.

This is a sign of the dispersing spirituality that has yet to have been fully converged... Audrey slowly eased her brows as her smile turned bright.

She looked at herself in the mirror and nodded gently, finding it hard to hide her smile.

"Audrey, you are already a Sequence 6!"

After she calmed her emotions, she seriously introspected herself to determine her new Beyonder powers and the qualitative changes.

After some work, Audrey came to a rough understanding of the situation.

First, her constitution had received a significant enhancement. Be it her strength or agility, it had exceeded an ordinary person's. She could also form a layer of "Scales" over her skin, largely resisting and reducing any damage. Second was a qualitative change in Psychological Cue. It became a form of hypnosis within the non-combat domain. As long as she made the target focus on something, Audrey could open the door to their Body of Heart and Mind and directly alter their conscious and affect their subconscious.

This way, the target wouldn't notice that they were abiding by her arrangements, taking actions that didn't match their true intentions.

Of course, if Audrey's "arrangement" directly harmed the target's life or something to which he subconsciously attached great importance, then the target would produce an intense resistance, causing the hypnosis to fail. In addition, if the target had a strong soul and firm body and mind, they would be able to resist the hypnosis to a certain extent.

Third, Battle Hypnotism. Audrey could forcefully hypnotize an enemy, making them do something abnormal, such as attacking their companions or avoiding her, the Hypnotist. However, such hypnosis only lasted for short periods of time. The target would quickly snap awake and sense the problem. Similarly, it was unable to harm the target's life and make the enemy commit suicide.

Fourth was Psychological Invisibility. With one's control of the target's Body of Heart and Mind, allowing oneself to remain in the blind spot of one's consciousness, she could achieve the effect of invisibility despite someone standing in front of her without being able to sense her.

"Very impressive... My only regret is that I still lack Beyonder powers that can launch direct attacks..." Audrey puffed her cheeks in an indiscernible manner as she tried hard to converge her spirituality and make her eyes less intoxicating.

After mostly eliminating her abnormalities, she opened the door and let Susie in. With the help of her golden retriever, she began familiarizing herself with her new Beyonder powers.

Before long, her lady's maid, Annie, knocked on the door and entered with an invitation letter in hand.

"My Lady, the Church will be organizing a charity party on Saturday night for a newly established bursary foundation that's targeted at the poor. They have invited you."

Audrey didn't directly agree as she asked, "Did they invite my parents?"

"Yes, they were also invited, as well as Lord Hibbert," Annie replied honestly.

Audrey nodded and said with a smile, "Tell the Church that I'll be participating.

"Also, figure out the exact situation with the charity foundation so that I can better decide on the amount to donate."

In the evening at the Intis Srenzo Restaurant.

"This place is truly dazzling. It's much prettier than the living rooms and activity rooms of many nobles." Fors looked around as though she was here to gather material.

Although she had participated in many noble-organized literature salons, she had always visited them at their residences and not at such high-end restaurants.

Xio grabbed at her coarse blonde hair.

"This is the style of Intis. It's different from us. It might look pretty, but it lacks substance."

"How does it lack substance? Look, those are all famous oil paintings and sculptures..." Fors deliberately retorted.

During this process, she suppressed her voice, as they hadn't entered by the main door.

As she spoke, she found the private room mentioned by Walter. Fors directly used Door Opening and pulled Xio in. They hid inside a pantry cupboard and waited for their target of protection, Dwayne Dantes, and his guests to arrive.

"How much do you think Coim Company's 3% stake is worth?" Bored, Fors casually asked.

In the morning, she had entered Saint Samuel Cathedral with Xio to provide protection while feigning prayer.

Xio hesitated and said, "At least several thousand pounds. The bishop seemed to place a great deal of importance on the matter."

"How rich. Donating thousands of pounds just like that. Why doesn't he save poor people like us?" Fors said poignantly in a joking manner.

At this moment, the door to the room opened. Dwayne Dantes and Macht's family walked in and took their seats. The waiters also started rushing around.

Xio and Fors didn't speak further as they eavesdropped on the chitchat outside as they observed the surrounding situation. From time to time, their noses would twitch because of the food's fragrance.

Suddenly, Xio frowned as though she had sensed something before quickly easing her brows as though nothing had happened.

"What's wrong?" Fors leaned in toward her friend's ear and whispered.

Xio shook her head.

"Nothing. I was uptight, causing me to overreact."

At that moment, Klein put down his fork and knife, glancing to the side with a normal expression.

In his eyes with his Spirit Vision activated, a blonde, red-eyed head had appeared out of the void. In its mouth was a thick letter.

Klein faintly caught the scent of milk, wheat, and fish.

The corners of his mouth twitched as he secretly reached out his left hand to grab the letter. And sitting in the other three seats, Macht, Riana, and Hazel didn't notice anything.

Klein stuffed the letter into his pocket without anyone noticing as a waiter walked out of the pantry, serving a new dish to the four customers. Among the dishes, two of them were butter-fried mushrooms.

Upon seeing this scene, Klein suddenly felt disgusted. His expression turned odd as his left palm that remained in his pocket trembled.

Chapter 860: Runaway Horse

Thankfully, it's not a mushroom dish I ordered, or else it would've been a waste of a dish... Despite believing that he was no longer affected by the trauma inflicted upon him by mushrooms, the smell that came with the letter successfully made him suffer a "relapse." Klein's expression quickly returned to normal as he retracted his left hand and placed it on the cup to his side, drinking the ice water inside.

"Please give me another cup." As though nothing had happened, he turned his head and instructed the waiter who was at the door.

At the same time, he pressed down his clothes and slowly got up while expressing his apologies before heading for a bathroom attached to the private room.

It was opposite the pantry, placed on either side of the main door.

Hiding in a cupboard, Fors heard footsteps approach as the bathroom's door opened and closed. She couldn't help but lean into Xio's ear and whisper in amusement, "It's the second time!

"They've been here for slightly more than thirty minutes, and Dwayne Dantes had already gone to the washroom twice!

"The first time was clearly to pee. If it's for the same reason, it means that this gentleman's kidneys, bladder, or prostate must be giving him trouble.

"He's coming out. He's coming out. He's really only peeing. Tsk, he seems to drink plenty of water usually and often heads to the bathroom. Sigh, it's difficult being a tycoon, but it's even more difficult being a good-looking tycoon in particular!

Xio rolled her eyes.

"What does that have to do with you?

"Focus and be serious. We're on a mission!

"Also that bodyguard of the member of parliament named Macht seemed pretty strong. He's probably a Beyonder. We need to be careful."

Fors had no choice but to suppress her desire to chat as she shrank back.

"They're guarding the area outside without being wary of others passing through the walls. How unprofessional... Alright, we'll chat when we're back."

At that moment, Klein had returned to the table and sat back in his seat.

He drank a mouthful of ice water, sipped on some white wine, and said to Macht with a smile, "Having been here in Backlund for nearly two months, I've been busy getting used to the environment and hadn't found the time to start a new business. Every day I wake up seeing money flowing out without any coming in. Heh heh, it's about time I do something."

He indicated his willingness to participate in the arms dealing by cracking a joke.

Macht stroked his cup and said with a warm smile, "I can empathize with that. In the beginning, I was in such a stage as well.

"How much money do you have to spare? I can introduce you to some friends for a partnership."

Klein replied in a calm tone, "I'll be able to spare a maximum of 20,000 pounds at present."

"You're richer than I imagined," Macht said with sincere surprise.

Under normal circumstances, a tycoon with 20,000 pounds in liquid assets was certainly worth around a hundred thousand pounds in total.

Not giving Dwayne Dantes a chance to be humble, he casually said, "Didn't you buy 3% of the Coim Company's shares before? You can pledge it for at least 10,000 pounds. That will give you some liquidity."

Klein immediately smiled and sighed.

"I have already donated those shares to the Church. I plan to establish a bursary foundation for the poor."

"You donated it to the Church?" Macht had yet to meet the priests or bishops of Saint Samuel Cathedral today. Furthermore, he had been out and had yet to receive the invitation; therefore, he wasn't aware of the new development.

Ma'am Riana and Hazel, who were enjoying the delicious food, looked up as well, subconsciously casting their gazes at Dwayne Dantes.

At their level, it wasn't uncommon to have friends they knew that could donate 10,000 pounds, but very few could donate that much in one go. And among these few people, there might not even be one willing to donate such an amount!

No, there was one now--Dwayne Dantes!

"Yes." Klein nodded with his usual expression. "If not for the Goddess's blessings, I would have died long ago in the chaotic Southern Continent. And when I was young, if I had the chance to attend school and study, perhaps my life would've been completely different. Thus, I wish to give those children who desire to change their fates some hope."

"Your character is as amazing as your generosity," Riana lowered her cutlery and praised sincerely. Hazel also nodded indiscernibly. The way she looked at Dwayne Dantes grew noticeably gentler.

Seeing her parents begin an idle conversation over the charity, she excused herself and walked to the bathroom, seemingly pressing her right hand onto her abdomen.

When she arrived at the door, she was just about to turn right when she suddenly turned her head and looked at the cupboard beside the pantry.

She frowned slightly and revealed a look of confusion before retracting her gaze and opening the washroom's wooden door.

When Hazel came out after washing her hands, she had apparently forgotten the abnormality that had happened. She touched the necklace at her chest and returned to the dining table.

Dinner came to an end after the dishes and dessert were served. The four left the private room and met the two bodyguards outside with their servants. They were preparing to return home.

At this moment, Hazel suddenly paused and said, "I think I dropped my earrings inside. Sorry about that. Please wait a moment."

Without waiting for Ma'am Riana to instruct a waitress to do the search, Hazel turned around and circled around the bend, returning to the room she had been in.

Hazel lowered her hand that held her left ear and directly entered the connected pantry until she was in front of the cupboard. She then placed her hand on it.

She had planned on opening the door to the cupboard with extraordinary speed, but after some thought, she decided to be cautious by holding onto her necklace with one hand and turning her body sidewards to prevent any sudden attacks from whatever was inside.

As she held her breath, Hazel took the chance when the waiter was clearing the table inside to suddenly pull the door open, exposing whatever was inside.

However, apart from some spare cutlery and tablecloths, there was nothing.

Hazel once again wore a puzzled look, as though she couldn't believe the scene before her eyes.

"I clearly sensed something very valuable inside..." she muttered under her breath and quickly closed the door before her maid caught up with her and walked out of the pantry.

Outside the Intis Srenzo Restaurant, Fors and Xio turned their heads simultaneously and looked inside.

"That girl actually noticed us?" Fors whispered in disbelief and amazement.

If she hadn't used Door Opening and sneaked out from the back of the cupboard, she and Xio would've been discovered, having no choice but to admit that they were secretly protecting Dwayne Dantes.

Xio wore a confounded look as well.

"I remember that you didn't speak or move about when she was heading to the washroom."

"Perhaps... She's a Beyonder as well, and has a certain type of spiritual intuition..." Fors made an uncertain guess. "Mr. Dwayne Dantes sure leads a difficult life. He often encounters the power struggles between tycoons and nobles while having a butler that secretly studies black magic at home. Furthermore, there are Beyonders with mysterious powers living nearby. By the way, what's her name?"

"Hazel." Xio was looking for Dwayne Dantes's carriage, preparing to hide underneath when her gaze suddenly froze. "Fors, look. That person is acting oddly."

Fors traced her gaze and saw a middle-aged man in a black formal suit. He was pacing along the side of the street, looking very anxious and frustrated.

"How is he acting oddly?" Fors didn't have the time to observe him carefully as she ask directlyed.

Xio answered simply, "He's dressed as a decent gentleman, but his shoes are very dirty. It's as though he hasn't polished them in a while. As you know, Backlund is covered in dust.

"Also, he kept touching the area underneath his armpit. I dare bet that there's an underarm holster hidden there...

"Apart from that, his expression and attitude imply that he isn't normal.

"Hmm... They're coming out soon. I'll head to the carriage first. Watch that person and ensure that Mr. Dantes is protected."

"Alright." As Fors found it troublesome, she also found it rather interesting. Hence, she retreated to an area that concealed her as she observed the entrance of the Intis Srenzo Restaurant.

Nearly thirty seconds later, Dwayne Dantes and the Macht family walked out. After bidding each other farewell, they headed for their respective carriages.

At this moment, a two-wheeled carriage charged from the end of the street with extraordinary speed, as though it would topple at any moment.

The horse that pulled the carriage had a wild look in its eyes, as though it had been alarmed. It charged toward the Intis Srenzo Restaurant's entrance in its panic.

Of Macht's two bodyguards, one went forward to subdue the runaway horse, while the other protected the member of parliament and family.

At this moment, the middle-aged man who had been loitering around had approached from the back and drew a revolver. With a warped expression, he aimed at Macht's head.

Klein's right hand twitched upward imperceptibly before he retracted it without doing anything.

He nimbly leaped, dodging the runaway horse. At the same time, Fors, who was hiding elsewhere, clenched her palm gently and pulled to the side.

The assailant's leg suddenly went limp, as though he had stumbled over something, as he fell to the ground, before he could pull the trigger.

In his haste, he pushed off the ground with one hand and immediately leaped up, planning to shoot wildly without aiming.

However, when he squeezed his finger, he didn't feel any resistance.

The revolver had already dropped by Hazel's feet!

Following that, he and the runaway horse were subdued by the bodyguards.

"Why did you attempt to assault me?" Macht held back his surging emotions as he took a step forward and asked in a deep voice.

The middle-aged man immediately laughed as he shouted hysterically, "It's you! It's all because of you and the others!

"You talk about air pollution, wanting things like anthracite! My factory is going bankrupt, my child is dying from an illness, and my wife has committed suicide!"

Chapter 861: Fors's Dream

On hearing the middle-aged man's shout and seeing his warped expression, the rage and hatred in Hazel's eyes gradually froze, then melted into confusion and bewilderment.

It wasn't only her. Macht and Riana, as well as Dwayne Dantes, fell silent. No one spoke for a moment. Even the concealed Fors lost her earlier excitement, along with that fierce sense of righteous purpose.

After more than ten seconds, Macht stopped looking at his assailant and turned his head to say to his bodyguards, "One of you, stay here. Guard the scene and watch the suspect until the police arrive."

Having said that, he paused and said to his valet, "Get a few reporters to cover this matter."

After making these initial arrangements, this House of Commons Member of Parliament surveyed the area and discovered that several passersby were trying to gather and see what had happened. He then looked at Dwayne Dantes and apologized with a smile, "My apologies for putting you in such danger. I never expected the matter to develop this way. We did consider the actual situation of similar factory owners and coal suppliers, and we had provided them some assistance and interim measures. Who knew..."

Coming up with a bill is something, but the actual implementation is an entirely different matter. When atmospheric pollution becomes abnormally pressing and the various parties exert immense stress, it's no surprise that a cookie-cutter solution is employed... Klein sighed and said with a self-deprecating laugh, "There's no need to take my feelings into consideration. I've been in even more dangerous situations in the past."

On the surface, it appeared as though he was referring to his encounters when doing business in the Southern Continent's West Balam. In fact, he had recalled Megose who was pregnant with an evil god's spawn, the terrifying meteor that had crashed down from the sky, Cynthia who wanted to bear a child for Admiral Amyrius, and the Rose School of Thought angel and Numinous Episcopate monster who had collapsed the mountain outside Bayam.

Compared to these, what had happened here was no more than a drizzle. He didn't even need to consider his own safety since there was Xio, Miss Magician, and Hazel. He didn't even take action besides dodging normally like any experienced adventurer would do.

His focus was on whether this incident would grow into a storm.

Macht sighed and nodded.

"I can tell that you're very calm.

"I once doubted your experiences, but now I'm convinced.

"Alright, Dwayne. Let's return home separately. Leave the rest to the police. If there's a need to take a statement, they will do it at your residence."

Klein nodded and said to Macht and his family, "Be safe."

Macht nodded seriously and sighed once again.

"Backlund's social season has just begun, and this happened... Cherish the peace we have now."

Backlund's social season begins when the members of the House of Lords return. It seems to have begun last weekend... And this week, two cases have happened consecutively. The plot against Baron Syndras and the assault on Member of Parliament Macht... As these thoughts passed through his mind, Klein didn't linger. He brought Richardson, who clearly looked a little shaken, and walked toward his carriage.

When he got into it, he watched the scenery fly backward as he sighed and half-closed his eyes.

For now, he couldn't determine whether the assault involved Beyonder powers, as everything that had happened could be done by ordinary people. As for the middle-aged man, he had sufficient reason to do so. No one needed to fabricate such a motive, as Klein believed that in Backlund, at present, there was more than one former factory owner or employer who had lost their livelihood because of similar developments.

The only thing that felt questionable was that Macht was the target.

Although Macht, as a member of the House of Commons, supported and championed the environmental measures, often speaking about them publicly and giving interviews to the newspapers, he wasn't the most obvious target during the passing of the bill. In comparison, members of the National Atmospheric Pollution Council were far likelier targets for revenge.

Klein leaned on the carriage wall as he slowly opened his eyes.

Outside, darkness had fallen beneath heavy clouds, and rain was already pattering down.

Once again, he realized how the maelstrom hidden beneath Backlund's seemingly calm surface was intensifying.

Reining in his thoughts, Klein raised his left palm and tapped his pocket.

In it was what he believed to be Frank Lee's reply and some unknown mushrooms.

Klein longed to return home, enter the space above the gray fog and use the newly received mushrooms to communicate with Creeping Hunger, doing so to regain the use of the Sealed Artifact. With the storm already brewing, he believed that he needed to regain his optimal combat strength as quickly as possible. For that, Creeping Hunger was essential.

Unfortunately, he had two Beyonder bodyguards following him, so it was best if he didn't head above the gray fog for now.

I clearly don't need any protection, but I spent a few hundred pounds to hire two people to restrict my actions. How helpless I am as a tycoon... Klein finally sighed inwardly as he raised the cup of black tea that had just been prepared by Richardson.

He took a sip as his facial muscles tensed up before relaxing.

Klein looked down and discovered that there had been twice as many lemon slices as usual in his black tea.

He cast Richardson an unobtrusive glance, and he saw that his valet was in a daze, as though he was still lost in the horror of the assault.

As cowardly as usual... Klein commented inwardly as he placed the porcelain cup on the table.

Late at night. 39 Boklund Street, Member of Parliament Macht's house.

Hazel sat before her dressing table, looking at the gray rat sitting on a powder box. After a long silence, she said, "Was my father wrong? The matter he pushed for is clearly a good thing..."

"Nothing benefits everyone. There will always be those who benefit and those who suffer from it. At such times, a relevant bill or plan must be accompanied by careful thought, compensation, and assistance. If your father provided those things, then the fault isn't his. Conversely, it also means he's cold and ruthless," the rat said perfunctorily.

Hazel thought back for a few seconds and relaxed her expression.

"During dinner, I sensed that there was something very valuable hidden inside the cupboard in the pantry, but when I later got an opportunity to open it, there was nothing."

The rat was taken aback as it said thoughtfully, "Perhaps that was Dwayne Dantes's bodyguard.

"He was recently embroiled in a suicide case, and it's said that it involves Baron Syndras. Hiring a bodyguard to protect him in secret is normal.

"Hmm... The bodyguard inside the cupboard might also possess supernatural powers, carrying mystical items with them. That's why you were able to sense it."

Hazel nodded slightly and accepted the explanation before instinctively muttering to herself, "I wonder what kinds of supernatural powers those bodyguards have..."

After saying that, she gave the gray rat a puzzled look.

"How do you know Dwayne Dantes was embroiled in a troublesome case?"

The rat squeaked.

"My present state makes it very easy for me to eavesdrop on the conversations of others."

As it spoke, it looked in the direction of 160 Boklund Street, the glint in its eyes shimmering.

Following their sleeping rotation, Fors fell asleep and felt herself drift to an ancient and majestic castle. In it were all kinds of Beyonder ingredients and mystical items. There were even two blurry tarot cards.

However, she didn't take any of them away, as they were sealed by an invisible force field.

Fors looked around in an attempt to find the means to remove the seal. Finally, she saw a complicated symbol drawn at the top of the dome.

It was a symbol formed from "fate" and "concealment"!

If I find an item engraved with this symbol, I'll be able to unseal some treasure... Fors immediately understood at once. Then she snapped awake. She discovered that she had curled into a ball on the carpet in the room. She had a thin silk blanket covering her. She and Xio didn't dare sleep in the reclining chair, afraid that Dwayne Dantes, who often sat in it, would notice something different.

Rubbing the edges of her brows, Fors sat up and saw Xio with her back to the wall of the master bedroom. She was seriously listening for any stirrings.

As Fors walked to Xio, she said with a frown, "I feel that there is some secret hidden here. I had a strange dream, of an astonishing treasure trove and a complicated symbol."

As an Astrologer, she instinctively believed that there was a problem with her dream!

Noticing the serious look on Fors's face, Xio suppressed her words of doubt and said after some thought, "Perhaps there really is some sort of secret. I once heard a proverb from the world of mysticism. It goes: 'When a Beyonder factor is discovered somewhere, there must be a second one."

"Setting aside the butler, since we can't tell whether he possesses Beyonder powers, that Miss Hazel is someone with a Beyonder factor. There is likely a second one near her--or rather, somewhere on this street." Fors nodded slightly before laughing. "However, it has nothing to do with us. We will receive our remuneration tomorrow evening and end this bodyguard assignment. We will leave this place. The most pitiful person is Dwayne Dantes. He's innocent and ordinary, but he ends up involved with troublesome matters and Beyonder factors."

Having said that, Fors looked at Xio and joked, "Quick, pray that the Goddess watches over him.

"I'm a believer of the God of Steam and Machinery. I won't be able to do so."

Xio considered this seriously for two seconds before drawing a crimson moon on her chest, piously muttering, "May the Goddess bless Mr. Dwayne Dantes."

Fors was snapped out of her reverie as she covered her mouth and yawned.

"I'll head out to patrol the building. It's your turn to sleep after another fifteen minutes."

"Alright." Xio was clearly more awake than Fors.

Fors immediately headed for the door and pressed her outstretched hand to the wall and emerged in the corridor.

She was just about to walk to the staircase when she sensed that there was a slight stir coming from the room of Dwayne Dantes's valet.

Fors's eyes darted slightly as she cautiously headed over. She opened a "tiny door" in the wall and peeped in.

She then saw Richardson performing a frenzied dance tinged with mystery.

A spirit dance? Doesn't this valet believe in the Evernight Goddess? He's secretly worshiping Death? Fors frowned as she watched Richardson complete his spirit dance, softly praying for Death's protection to help him avoid all kinds of danger.

After everything came to an end, Fors tsked and shook her head. She silently said to herself, What a pitiful man, Mr. Dantes.

Chapter 862: Kind Warning

After returning to the room with the balcony, Fors looked at Xio who had her back against the wall and whispered, "Guess what I saw?

"That male servant--Dantes's valet--is actually a believer of Death! He was dancing a spirit dance and praying!"

Xio widened her eyes before relaxing her expression. "For Mr. Dantes, that must be the least of his worries.

"Yes, that valet named Richardson is clearly of Southern Continent heritage. Perhaps he was born there, so it's not surprising that he worships Death."

Fors replied with a smile, "I know. I just find it interesting. Aren't there a little too many people with secrets around Dwayne Dantes?

"I wouldn't be surprised if I discovered one day that all the living beings in this building except him, including the housekeeper, maids, gardeners, carriage drivers, earthworms, bugs, and rats are related to mysticism and Beyonders. I would be able to easily accept that reality."

Xio rolled her eyes.

"If that were the case, Mr. Dwayne Dantes definitely wouldn't be a simple person. Having Beyonders and supernatural creatures around him means that he might be the spawn of an evil god or a Grounded Angel."

Without waiting for Fors to expand the scope of the conversation, Xio asked, "Didn't you say that you had a strange dream involving treasure? Why aren't you curious or considering what it symbolizes? That perhaps it might actually exist?

Fors chuckled.

"Such a dream often implies trouble and danger. I'll consider it again if I have a chance of encountering that symbol."

Although she said that, her true thoughts were:

There's quite a bit of a problem with that dream. Who knows if there's a ploy behind it. I'll consult Mr. Hanged Man, Ma'am Hermit, uh--and Mr. World at the Tarot Gathering next week before deciding what to do. They are experienced and powerful Beyonders. Perhaps they have encountered something similar.

"You've matured." Xio nodded, and she pushed away from the wall and walked to the spot where Fors had been sleeping before.

"Mature?" Fors scoffed and leaned toward her friend. She straightened her back and looked down at her friend's hair.

Without waiting for Xio to become enraged, she sighed.

"You're the one who matured.

"I still remember this time last year. You did things based on instinct, settling disputes with your fists. From time to time, you would make mistakes without realizing it and become lost. You're much better now."

Xio was stunned as she lay down and covered herself with the thin silk blanket. With her back facing Fors, she grumbled, "The main reason why I got lost was because of you being a burden by my side."

Fors chortled and nodded thoughtfully.

"That's a characteristic of an Apprentice. It has nothing to do with me. Get it!?"

Seeing Xio on the floor, she walked to the wall adjacent to the master bedroom and seriously started being a bodyguard.

As the night slowly passed, the sky gradually lit up. Klein got up to have breakfast and received two groups of police officers and a group of reporters. Some came to investigate Cuaron's suicide further, while the others sought more details about Member of Parliament Macht's assault.

With Walter's help, Dwayne Dantes met them and quickly handled the matters.

In the afternoon, Macht suddenly visited and urged Klein, "Join me at the club for a game of tennis."

He was a member of a few clubs, but there was only one club that overlapped with Dwayne Dantes: East Balam Military Veterans Mess!

This is to confirm the arms deal? Klein managed to read between the lines and immediately got Richardson to get his coat, top hat, and cane. He rode on his carriage and headed to the sandy-yellow unique building at Hillston Borough with the member of parliament.

They entered the club and used the same room as before. Klein once again met the long-faced army colonel from the Ministry of Defence, Calvin.

After habitually exchanging pleasantries for a few minutes, Calvin finally focused on the main topic at hand. He looked at Dwayne Dantes and said with a chuckle, "I heard from Macht that you can have 20,000 pounds available?"

"Although it will make me tight on funds, it's true that I can," Klein replied with a smile.

Calvin nodded in satisfaction and said after some pondering, "you won't need 20,000 pounds for the moment. The batch of firearms, explosives, and small number of cannons reserved for you is in a particular warehouse in East Balam. There's not that much, enough to equip about three to four thousand people. Based on the price of decommissioning them, it will cost 10,000 pounds at most. Of course, you will have to give me 15,000 pounds."

He made no attempt to mince his words, as though this was common in the Loen military.

"No problem," Klein said and nodded calmly.

Calvin immediately chuckled.

"Excellent. Macht has a keen eye for people. A person who wants to do such business absolutely mustn't be stingy.

"That batch of firearms is worth at least 20,000 pounds in West Balam. If you can find a suitable buyer and fully showcase your experience in the area, it's entirely possible to sell them for 30,000 pounds or even more. By the way, the transportation fees and escort fees will be borne by you. We will only send two or three personnel to assist you."

As expected, there will be monitors... Klein listened in silence, believing that it was time that he urged Admiral of Stars and Danitz to quickly provide him with information on West Balam.

He pondered for a moment and said, "Roughly when will it begin?"

"That batch of firearms will take another two weeks before being placed in the corresponding warehouse. When it happens after that period is up to you. Hmm, you don't have to pay it in full at once. You can first pay 8,000 to 10,000 pounds and pay the rest when everything is settled." Calvin wore an expression as though things were highly negotiable.

Two weeks later. That will be closer to the end of the month. I'll definitely have to wait until the party of the Snake of Fate's birth before leaving... I'm still waiting for his placenta blood... Klein's thoughts raced as he said, "I'll need to carry out some preparatory work. I'll probably head to the Southern Continent in early July."

Calvin exchanged a glance with Macht and gently rubbed his palms.

"No problem."

Outside the East Balam Military Veterans Mess, Xio and Fors hid themselves on the roof of a nearby building, monitoring the people coming and going.

Xio knew that there were many Beyonders in the club, so she didn't dare get Fors to sneak her in to provide protection to Dwayne Dantes at a close distance. All they did was wait outside.

"Thankfully, this is Backlund. Even though there's no smog this season, there will be no lack of clouds. The sun wouldn't be too strong; otherwise, my skin would definitely turn red," Fors mumbled as she hid herself in the shadows.

Xio was about to say something when she saw a carriage drive into the back door of the club. It was entirely brown in color and had a distinctive coat of arms. It was made of flowers and rings.

Viscount Stratford's carriage... Xio silently mumbled as she hurriedly widened her eyes and focused. She then saw a familiar figure she knew only by sight get off the carriage. Surrounded by bodyguards, the figure entered the East Balam Military Veterans Mess.

"What's wrong?" Fors noticed her friend's abnormality.

Xio didn't conceal the matter as she said frankly, "I saw Viscount Stratford. He also came to this club."

"That captain of the royal guards?" Fors asked in surprise.

"Yeah." Xio nodded heavily.

Fors's mouth fell open, hoping to say something, but she was at a loss as to what to say. All she could do was look around, pretending to monitor for anything that was amiss.

After a while, she saw Dwayne Dantes walk out.

160 Boklund Street received another guest in the afternoon.

This time, it was the largest shareholder of the Coim Company, Ma'am Mary.

"lm very sorry that my request embroiled you in such trouble. I never expected Baron Syndras to do something like that. Poor Cuaron. He was planning on bringing his family to Winter County for the summer," Mary Schott apologized with hints of anger.

Klein replied calmly, "I share your opinion of Cuaron. He was really unfortunate.

"However, this matter probably wasn't done by Baron Syndras. It might be a trap that's targeting him."

Mary nodded heavily.

"I've heard of the theory. It's said that the police department is planning to hire a skilled forensic pathologist to dissect the corpse to search for any missing clues."

In Klein's mind, her final sentence was automatically replaced with "the police department is planning to hire a skilled Spirit Medium from the Church of Evernight to examine the corpse to search for any missing clues."

I wonder what will be discovered... Klein raised his right hand and tapped his chest four times in a clockwise fashion.

"May the Goddess grant Cuaron peace and punish the true murderer behind his death."

Mary responded in the same way before saying, "In order to prevent you from being affected by this matter, I plan on purchasing the shares from you ahead of time. I'll add an additional 1,000 pounds above the highest price to date.

"You don't have to worry about my funds. I've recently been busy borrowing money from the banks."

Klein sighed and replied, "I'm very grateful for your kind intentions, but any early transfer of the shares will need to be done with the Church. I've already donated it to them. I plan on using the income I receive to establish a bursary foundation that targets the poor."

This was the first time Mary was hearing of such news. She was momentarily stunned and speechless.

After ten seconds, she exhaled and said, "your character,

generosity, and wisdom truly impresses me."

As she said that, she looked at Dwayne Dantes with an additional look of admiration.

Klein humbly diverted the compliment to the Goddess before pausing. He then asked with a stern expression, "Ma'am Mary, I have a question that I hope you can answer.

"When you decided to clash with Baron Syndras to protect your control over the Coim Company, was it purely by your own will, or a result of persuasion by others?"

Mary frowned and replied frankly, "All the persuasion that was directed at me was to ask me to give up."

Klein immediately fell silent as he didn't discuss the matter further. He casually mentioned Member of Parliament Macht's assault before sending the lady out of 160 Boklund Street.

After dinner, Walter came to the half-opened room with the balcony and said to his employer on the reclining chair, "Sir, the two bounty hunters have been dismissed. It cost a total of 300 pounds for three days, excluding the food provided."

They're finally gone... Klein immediately relaxed as he nodded, acknowledging his butler's reply.

Following that, he eagerly entered the master bedroom, planning on taking out the mushrooms sent to him from Frank Lee and bringing them up above the gray fog to communicate with Creeping Hunger.

When he came to the desk with the hidden mushrooms, he saw a letter held down by an ink bottle.

Klein picked it up in puzzlement and tore it open. He quickly scanned it as his expression turned odd.

"Dear Mr. Dantes, we are the bodyguards you hired. In the past few days, we discovered certain matters that we feel obligated to inform you. Therefore, we entered your bedroom to leave this letter while you were having dinner."

Chapter 863: Charity Party

"Your butler might be researching black magic;

"Your valet is secretly worshiping Death;

"Someone among your neighbors has supernatural powers.

"The street where you live might have certain secrets that cause people to have strange dreams...

"You should understand some of the terms mentioned. We won't provide a further explanation. May the Goddess bless you."

Klein looked at the letter in his hand as he was momentarily unsure whether to laugh or cry.

After a few seconds, he couldn't help but give a self-deprecating laugh.

Just from the contents of this letter, I'm really quite pitiful...

And nothing described here seems wrong in any way...

As he shook his head with a smile, Klein held a letter in one hand and suddenly shook it to the side.

Scarlet flames surged and devoured the piece of paper.

Regardless, Miss Xio and Miss Magician are rather kind people. The only problem is that what they mentioned are things I already know. In fact, I'm more aware of the reasons than they are... As Klein mumbled, he found the mushrooms he had hidden.

There were a total of four varieties of mushrooms. The first consisted of three dried specimens that could react with water and fish. The second was a new variety with golden caps that emitted the smell of flour. The third was white with specks of black spots; they were swollen and puffy, as though a liquid was flowing within them as they exuded the smell of milk. The fourth had strange gills running down its two sides, and their surfaces were covered in dense, soft scales.

Klein looked over the mushrooms and took out a gold coin. He caught it after flicking it.

After confirming the results, he took off the ordinary glove he previously wore. With his bare skin, he grabbed the three new mushrooms to test various scenarios that Frank Lee hadn't mentioned.

They felt normal to the touch, and the mushrooms did not change. Klein heaved a sigh of relief, no longer afraid that the danger they posed exceeded his ability to handle.

He was previously afraid that these mushrooms would immediately produce roots upon contact with items of flesh and blood, devouring whatever was in its path to grow before dispersing its spores.

Perhaps it's the relatively strong light from the gas wall lamps, or being plucked might have caused these mushrooms to lose most of their living characteristics. They will be revived only under special conditions, such as being in the stomach of a living creature... Intending to learn the truth, he drew all the curtains to the master bedroom and extinguished all the wall lamps.

Then, he picked up the new mushrooms with his bare hand and determined that there was nothing abnormal about them; they didn't feed on his body.

After doing this, Klein lit the wall lamps again and set up a ritual, sacrificing the mushrooms above the gray fog.

Sitting in The Fool's seat, he wasn't in a rush to summon Creeping Hunger. He first summoned a metal bottle that had his blood inside to the long bronze table.

Immediately afterward, he poured a drop of blood on the table and piled the three new breeds of mushrooms onto it.

In just a second, the mushrooms suddenly softened at the parts where they made contact with the blood. They squirmed as they enveloped the blood. Dense arrays of needlelike hairs sprouted wherever they made contact.

... The corners of Klein's lips twitched when he saw that. He directly adjusted some of the powers of the mysterious space above the gray fog, suppressing all the mushrooms. Then, he sent the drop of blood back into the metal bottle and closed the lid.

He had roughly understood the characteristics of the mushrooms. Without wasting any time, he summoned Creeping Hunger from the junk pile.

Holding the thin human-skin glove, Klein placed it on the table and removed the seal around the mushrooms.

Then, he saw Creeping Hunger support itself with its five fingers before standing up with great difficulty. It began retreating rapidly like it was playing a piano.

So you do know fear? Klein revealed a genial smile. He pressed the glove down and "gifted" it with some of the powers of the mysterious space above the gray fog.

Then, he grabbed a mushroom with his other hand and brought it close to Creeping Hunger.

The human-skin glove struggled with all its might but ultimately failed to escape his grasp as it clearly began trembling.

Klein stopped moving the hand with the mushroom and chuckled.

"Are you still going to randomly praise the True Creator?"

Creeping Hunger continued struggling without giving a reply.

Klein thought for a moment before he compromised.

"I will allow you to offer praise once a day, either during the day or at night."

Creeping Hunger's struggling weakened, but it didn't stop.

Tsk... Klein continued negotiating with an unperturbed expression, "Three times a day. During breakfast, lunch, and dinner time. However, you will need to warn me ahead of time."

Creeping Hunger struggled twice before sprawling onto the desk, motionless.

After another round of negotiations, Klein successfully reached an agreement with Creeping Hunger. However, eating daily was instinctual to the item. It was unable to be weakened much as a result of the negotiations. Therefore, he needed to wait for the sealing method provided by Azik. For now, what Klein could do was bring Creeping Hunger around without it eating. However, he needed to come up with a meal within 24 hours.

How troublesome... Thankfully, after Creeping Hunger fused with Mr. A and the mushroom, its living characteristics have grown stronger; otherwise, there would be no way to negotiate with it... Klein commented wistfully. Finally, he did a divination regarding the recent matters, and he received a conclusion that there wasn't too much danger. He also got confirmation that Cuaron's suicide was a result of the influence of a Beyonder.

After busying himself with all of that, he left the gray fog and returned to the real world and continued waiting for Mr. Azik's reply.

On Saturday evening, Klein, who wore a formal suit, arrived at Saint Samuel Cathedral by carriage with Richardson to participate in the charity party.

After passing through the main entrance, he was led by a priest to a huge adjacent hall.

Inside stood a baldachin bearing the Sacred Emblem of the Evernight Goddess. High above were a few miniature crystal chandeliers that hung down. In front of it were thin and long candles as well as overturned round metal lids used to store wax.

At this moment, all of them had been lit, filling the hall with light and lending it a sacred atmosphere.

Klein glanced over and saw a series of neatly arranged seats and guests dressed in extraordinary attire.

Among them, the women mainly wore two types of clothing. One was dresses that were either bright or dark colors, and they were bold and liberal in their dressing, allowing one to see the fair flesh at their bosoms or their shoulders. The other type wore fresh, pure colors and relatively conservative styles. Even their collarbones could hardly be seen. Some of them even had theirs concealed.

Based on what Klein knew, this was the difference between married and unmarried women in the Loen Kingdom. As for widows and divorcees, they could choose between the two. However, the former tended to choose darker colors.

Aside from those, Klein also saw shimmering necklaces and exquisite earrings, as well as all kinds of valuable accessories. They were a lot more impressive than what the guests that had attended the ball and banquet hosted by Macht and himself.

After walking into the hall, Klein greeted the bishops, Macht, and others he knew and exchanged pleasantries.

At this moment, there was a sound from the door as many guests turned to look back, revealing their smiles as they walked over.

When Klein looked over, his gaze first lit up before it froze.

At the entrance to the hall, the most striking among them was a young woman with lustrous blonde hair that softly cascaded down her shoulders. Her beautiful eyes were green like emeralds. They appeared like the sea which hid a maelstrom within, making anyone who looked at her unable to move their gaze away.

Her facial features were pretty, and she had an outstanding bearing. Her looks were nearly flawless, making the men and women present find it difficult to notice what kind of dress she was wearing or the designer of her jewelry. However, Klein's gaze had fallen on the necklace at her collarbone. A lustrous, flawless pearl rested in the hollow between her collarbones. It softened the lines at her neck, giving her an immaculate, mesmerizing air.

Klein had met her before and he knew her!

She was none other than the Tarot Club's Miss Justice!

Back when she used magic mirror divination, Klein had seen her before!

Immediately, Klein moved his gaze away, without daring to take another look.

This was an instinctive reaction of his, as he knew that Miss Justice was a Beyonder of the Spectator pathway. If he garnered her attention, it was very easy for her to read his true thoughts and secrets based on the changes in his expressions and body language.

But his racing mind quickly forced him to turn his head back as he continued casting his gaze at Miss Justice.

He discovered that him avoiding her had made it worse and more obvious.

How could a gentleman who liked all kinds of women not take a few more glances when encountering such an abnormally beautiful lady?

At the same time, Audrey sensed the abnormality of a particular man.

His sideburns are a little white. His looks and bearing aren't bad, making him appear profound... This is likely Mr. Dwayne Dantes who donated more than 10,000 pounds to establish a bursary foundation for the poor...

His reaction was a little odd, as though he was trying to hide something...

To Audrey, Dwayne Dantes's act of moving his gaze away was actually very normal. She had encountered many similar situations in the past. Some men would indeed instinctively turn their heads away after seeing her, as though afraid that she would notice it, or that they would make eye contact, exposing their moment of being mesmerized.

Therefore, what was odd wasn't that Dwayne Dantes had moved his gaze away. Instead, he had turned his gaze back again. In addition, Audrey felt that the greatest problem was that the gentleman had reacted with shock rather than admiration.

What's he shocked about? What is he trying to hide? With her questions, Audrey greeted her parents and brother and the people that gathered over with a faint smile.

Seeing Miss Justice no longer paying attention to him, Klein secretly heaved a sigh of relief as he began thinking.

I need to be careful later and play the role of Dwayne Dantes well. I mustn't let a Spectator notice any problems.

Hmm... Regardless of whether Miss Justice noticed it or not, I've already thought of the excuse for my abnormal reaction...

Miss Justice is indeed a lady from a powerful aristocratic family. I wonder what her last name is exactly. I'll ask Macht or Bishop Elektra later...

Amidst his thoughts, Klein frowned slightly, having a nagging feeling that he was being watched. Following his spiritual intuition, he looked toward the door.

Outside the door in the shadows, there was a golden retriever sitting there silently.

Chapter 864: Actor and Spectator

When the golden retriever's ghostly gaze pierced the curtains from the shadows, Klein's brows indiscernibly twitched as he failed to hide his alarm.

He then naturally shifted his gaze away and looked towards Miss Justice and company.

How terrifying... Why is that dog sitting in the corner, hiding in the shadows without any apparent reason?... It was silently looking at everyone in the hall... Uh, Miss Justice seems to have fed a Spectator potion to an animal and had once asked Mr. Hanged Man for advice... Don't tell me it's that golden retriever? Two Spectators, one out in the open, and one in the dark. What actor could withstand that!? In high society, Miss Justice and the dog are unlikely to be the only Spectators. Her joining the Psychology Alchemists was a result of other nobles as well. It seems like it was done by Duchess Negan's sister? As Klein lampooned and analyzed, he walked to Macht's family and asked in a seemingly casual manner, "The ones who just entered seemed to be very noble people?"

Macht glanced at Dwayne Dantes and chuckled.

"East Chester Earl's family. You can directly call him Earl Hall. You should've heard of him.

"That's his wife, Ma'am Caitlyn. That's his eldest son, Lord Hibbert. You should've already met him..."

On hearing Macht's introduction, Klein suddenly broke out into a cold sweat. This was because he had indeed met Hibbert Hall at the ball Macht had hosted; however, he had failed to notice the young lord, or he wouldn't have raised the question.

I was shocked by Miss Justice's sudden appearance... Klein maintained his smile and listening stance.

Macht continued, "That's his daughter, Miss Audrey Hall. In the social scene over the past two years, she has the title of being the most stunning gem in Backlund. It's very apt, isn't it?"

Without waiting for Dwayne Dantes's reply, he carefully added, "She is courted by princes, duke heirs, and many honorable excellencies and gentlemen."

Macht's concealed meaning was clear. He was saying to this man, one who liked all kinds of women, not to place his sights on the lady. She was a target he had no thoughts of making contact with.

As for Klein, he was having other thoughts.

So Miss Justice is Earl Hall's daughter. It's no wonder she's so rich. It's no wonder she's never bargained...

Earl Hall is one of the top bankers in the kingdom. He's the most influential Member of Parliament of the House of Lords, and one of the hereditary peers. His wealth is much more than Baron Syndras...

Even if Miss Justice is unable to inherit the aristocratic title and family estate, the wealth she will inherit will be at least a hundred thousand pounds...

With her looks, birth, and character, she is indeed the best choice for a marriage partner with the royal family or powerful nobles.

However, the way she has been repeatedly buying mystical items doesn't look like she's someone with a wealth of only a few hundred thousand pounds... She's able to claim it from her father? I wish I had a father like that too...

Amidst his racing thoughts, Klein replied to Macht's warning with a smile, "I've heard of the various rumors about Miss Audrey. It's only today that I have realized that they aren't that exaggerated.

"Unfortunately, I'm not a prince or the heir to a duke, marquis, viscount, or earl. Otherwise, I would also be one of her pursuers.

He was implying that he knew his status and standing.

Macht didn't continue the topic and began introducing Dwayne Dantes to the various guests he knew. He had truly led him into high society. Of course, the greatest supporter involved in this was the Church of Evernight. Without the charity party they held for the foundation, Macht wouldn't have the chance to bring Dwayne Dantes to meet so many honorable people.

Marquis Locent, Earl Gross, Viscount Loveland... The aristocratic believers of the Goddess separately exchanged pleasantries with Dwayne Dantes with a rather genial attitude.

Before Macht was done with the introductions, an elder walked into the hall.

He was wearing a black clergyman robe with red accents. By his chest hung five Dark Sacred Emblems. He was clean-shaven, and his eyes were deep, dark, and tranquil.

Including Earl Hall, everyone turned to face the elder and respectfully bowed.

"Good evening, your Grace."

This elder was none other than Saint Anthony Stevenson, one of the thirteen archbishops of the Church of Evernight!

He was the person in charge of the Backlund diocese, and he was part of the upper echelons of the Church in the true sense of the word.

When Klein saw the archbishop, his body and mind involuntarily trembled as he found it difficult to hide it. It was as though he stumbled upon a grave on an unlit village trail back when he was young.

He swept his gaze and saw that the other guests didn't have any strong reactions. He immediately realized that the "horror" which Saint Anthony carried with him was more clearly felt by people with stronger spirituality. He hurriedly entered Cogitation in an attempt to calm himself down.

When he managed to control his trembling, Saint Anthony had already smiled. He surveyed the area and tapped his chest four times in a clockwise fashion.

"Praise the Lady."

"Praise the Lady," the guests at the charity party replied one after another.

With the archbishop's arrival, Macht stopped introducing Klein to the other guests because the party had officially begun.

According to convention, everyone would take their seats and piously pray to the Goddess for three minutes. Following that, the cathedral choir would approach the baldachin and begin singing and use their ethereal, uniform, and seemingly cathartic voices to praise the Goddess.

After the religious ritual ended, Elektra received Saint Anthony's instructions to stand to the side of the choir. There was a podium there with all kinds of books placed on it.

"Everyone, I'd like to thank you all for coming. your character is a resplendent star in the serene night..." Elektra first said a few words of pleasantries before saying, "Our establishment of a bursary foundation that targets the poor stems from Mr. Dwayne Dantes's suggestion. He is truly an honorable gentleman. His piousness and character are impeccable and a true role model for others. Next, I'd like to invite Mr. Dwayne Dantes to give everyone a brief speech."

Although Klein was already prepared, he drew a gasp inwardly when he heard the last sentence.

This was different from usual. There were two or even more Spectators around. It wasn't something that he could bluff through if he wanted to. The content of his speech needed to be sufficiently realistic, without them being able to see through his lies or fake examples!

Pressing down his clothes at his abdomen, he quickly stood up and walked to the podium as he buttoned his suit.

Taking his place behind the podium and steadying himself, he surveyed the nobles, Members of Parliament, clergymen, and high-ranking civil servants. He said with a smile, "I'm a little nervous. This is my first time being stared at by so many people of such honorable standing.

"I was once active in a region where the poor gathered. I was active in the chaotic Southern Continent and, thus, saw many things. There was a young lady who helped her mother make pasted matchboxes from the age of six. If she didn't do that, they wouldn't even have the money to buy rye bread after paying rent. The rye bread they eat is filled with millfeed, and occasionally, they will bite into gravel or rocks. Its hardness makes it usable as a club to attack others...

"When this girl gradually grew up, although she led a laborious daily life, and her family lacked any additional funds, she still looked forward to the night schools run by the Church. She wished to learn to read in order to grasp knowledge. That was because she knew that only by doing so could she stop living the way she did. Only by doing so would she not starve and be able to wear clothes that could really protect her from the cold. She wouldn't need to work at factories with harsh conditions and end up dying in her twenties..."

Klein had selected a portion of the experiences of the poor kids he had met before, merging them together as he conveyed them with his true feelings.

He could clearly see many ladies more or less reveal looks of empathy. A number of girls even had their eyes flicker such as Audrey Hall.

She really is an easily moved child... I've acted from the bottom of my heart. I've even moved myself, much less a Spectator... However, most gentlemen aren't moved. Some of them seem to already be aware of the situations of the poor. Some do not mind those of the lower class...

Klein swept his gaze as he continued, "Our industry has been developing. In the future, we will definitely need more literate workers... Our electoral criteria have been relaxed. In the future, those eligible to vote will definitely include most of the educated... Out of sympathy for these poor children and my expectations of the kingdom's future, I've decided to donate all my Coim Company shares that I have on hand to establish a bursary foundation that targets the poor. It will give them the opportunity to enter official institutes of higher learning after attending the free night classes..."

Earl Hall, who had a beautiful mustache, nodded when he heard that. He was the first to raise his hands to gently clap.

Amidst the vigorous applause, Klein returned to the seat belonging to him. Bishop Elektra headed up and announced, "The shares that Mr. Dwayne Dantes donated are valued at 15,000 pounds. We will use it to establish a Loen Charity Bursary Foundation. Ladies and gentlemen, if you agree with him and pity those children who thirst for knowledge, you can contribute to this foundation."

As he spoke, he pointed at the donation box beside him.

Audrey retracted her gaze and pressed the corner of her eye and said to her father, "Father, I plan on donating 1,000 pounds. What about you?"

As she spoke, her mind quickly summarized what she had observed.

Dwayne Dantes has likely lived among the lower classes. His pity, empathy, and speech were all very realistic... Those poor children are truly pitiful...

Just now, when the bishop mentioned that the shares were valued at 15,000 pounds, the corners of his lips twitched unnaturally. From the looks of it, he likely feels the pinch over donating the money. However, the sincerity behind his donation doesn't seem fake... This means that he's a gentleman who loves money, but he "loves" kindness even more...

Why was he shocked when he saw me, and what is he hiding?

He has seen me somewhere before but doesn't know my identity? But there's no need to hide that...

He identified my necklace as a mystical item, so he was shocked before trying to attempt to hide this matter?

If that's the case, it means that he's definitely a Beyonder, one that isn't a Low-Sequence Beyonder...

Hmm, I'll ask Susie later when I'm back. Perhaps, she noticed other details. She was hiding in the darkness, so he wouldn't be on his guard against her, allowing her to discover more.

Amidst her thoughts, Audrey saw her father smile as he took out a checkbook and fountain pen.

The value he wrote down was: 10,000 pounds!

Chapter 865: Earl Hall's Suggestion

10,000 pounds... Audrey blinked as she used a very slight change in expression to express her surprise.

Without needing her to voice out her question, Earl Hall had noticed her puzzlement. He chuckled and said, "This is an insightful man. His ideas have inspired me and resonated with me. Besides, we can't ignore the misery that objectively exists just because it cannot be resolved anytime soon."

Audrey vaguely understood her father, but she felt that she didn't fully understand him. She nodded slightly and took out her checkbook from her purse that matched her dress and wrote down the "1,000 pounds' value.

This was a charity ball. Furthermore, it was held in a side hall of the cathedral, so there weren't any dances or extravagant arrangements. There weren't any valets or ladies' maids following by their sides. It was simply a charity event that had some degree of donations involved. The ladies undoubtedly brought their bags on them.

The guests subsequently threw their checks into the donation box and headed for the two long tables for some beverages or simple food. Afterward, they walked around the hall socializing instead of sitting.

This was closer to that of a buffet party.

Klein also accompanied Elektra and came to Saint Anthony's side and was introduced to him.

Saint Anthony smiled in response to Dwayne Dantes's greeting. He sized him up and said, "Very good. We are proud to have a believer like you.

"It's the Goddess that has taught us that character is more important than status. Therefore, you are an extremely honorable gentleman."

To be frank, faced with this saint, Klein's heart pounded because deities or Beyonders associated with the domain of fate were able to see the gray fog's aura on him. For example, everyone from the Monster pathway or the Evernight Goddess who wielded the authority of misfortune. As for Saint Anthony, if he was a High-Sequence Beyonder of the Sleepless pathway and grasped Beyonder powers involving misfortune, then there was a chance that he could see that there was a problem with Dwayne Dantes.

As such, Klein had gone above the gray fog to divine the matter before attending the charity party. He received the answer that there wasn't any danger.

Since the Goddess didn't say anything, even if "Her" archbishop were to discover some problems, he will probably feign ignorance... Klein replied with a warm smile, "I've been to the cathedral frequently to pray and listen to Bishop Elektra's sermons in recent times. Even my soul seems to have been cleansed. Therefore, I abided by the Goddess's teachings to pass such beauty and hope to others."

Saint Anthony nodded and said, "In front of the Goddess, all believers are differentiated by their character, regardless of whether they are nobles or commoners, male or female. They are all the same.

"I hope those people who live in poor environments will free themselves from fear and receive serenity.

"Praise the Lady."

Klein and Elektra tapped their chests four times in a clockwise fashion.

"Praise the Lady!"

Seeing Saint Anthony turn towards the other believers, Klein planned on heading over to the table to get a glass of champagne to quench his thirst.

At this moment, he saw a gentleman approach him.

This man had somewhat loose skin with an obvious potbelly. However, it could be seen that he was rather handsome in his youth. Even now, his blue eyes that had a smile on them and his beautiful mustache made him appear good-looking.

Klein had previously learned from Macht's introduction and knew he was the House of Lords Member of Parliament and powerful banker, Earl Hall.

Of course, to him, the most important identity of this noble was that he was Miss Justice's father. And Audrey happened to be by his side. She was observing Dwayne Dantes with her bright eyes, awaiting her conversation with the gentleman later.

This made Klein immediately feel a little uncomfortable.

I need to present the persona that matches Dwayne Dantes... A person of ordinary birth who's working hard to get himself into high society. At this moment, he's bound to be a little nervous and restrained. Likewise, a gentleman who loves beautiful women will feel similarly when faced with the most stunning gem in Backlunda's eyes. But he will also unconsciously showcase his own breadth of knowledge and show his charms to express his desire. Yes, an experienced tycoon who survived the chaos must be someone who has pride and confidence hidden in him. No matter what he faces, he will try his best to appear calm, respectful but not sycophantic... Klein's thoughts raced as he smiled and politely said to the approaching Earl Hall, "Honorable Earl, I happened to see the check you donated. your kindness and generosity truly impress me. Yet, you've never flaunted that or informed others how much you've donated."

Earl Hall chuckled.

"No, compared to you, the price I paid is far less than yours."

Between the lines, he meant that 15,000 pounds might be a tenth of Dwayne Dantes's overall wealth or even a fifth, but 10,000 pounds to him was just a thousandth or even lesser. Clearly, the former paid a greater price, and his willingness to give was purer.

"From my point of view, as long as the poor who yearn to use knowledge to change their fates can be helped, all donations are kind and sufficiently benevolent. From this angle, the difference between 10,000 pounds and 15,000 pounds is merely 5,000 pounds." Klein tried hard to express his sincerity as he deliberately glanced at the listening blonde girl without leaving a trace.

He knew that an ordinary "without a trace" was "obvious" in the eyes of a Spectator.

Audrey wore a faint smile as she silently listened to her father's and Dwayne Dantes's conversation, as though she hadn't noticed the gentleman peek at her. This made Klein lack confidence from his failure at receiving any feedback in his "performance."

Earl Hall laughed and said, "Then we shall agree to disagree. This isn't anything bad. At the very least, we are praising one another.

"I can tell that you once had a difficult period and had once led the life of the poor."

Klein nodded and said, "I do not avoid such a past. They are my valuable riches."

"And this is something my friends and I lack," Earl Hall commented with a smile. "And it's because of this that you possess a unique and wise point of view. I hope there will be opportunities in the future to work with you."

"That is also something I look forward to," Klein replied with a suitable level of sincerity.

Earl Hall pointed to the side and said, "A couple of friends are waiting for me. I hope both your charity and your wealth continue to grow."

Klein didn't drag on the conversation as he drew the crimson moon on his chest.

"Praise the Lady."

"Praise the Lady." Earl Hall and Audrey tapped their chests in a clockwise fashion in unison.

Watching them walk past him and in another direction, Klein secretly heaved a sigh of relief.

Suddenly, he tensed up as he naturally looked around the hall and noticed the shadow at the door.

Silently sitting there was the golden retriever.

On the carriage back to Empress Borough, Earl Hall, who looked like he was resting with his eyes closed, looked at his daughter and said, "Audrey, didn't you mention that you wish to join one of the Church's charitable organizations?

"Are you interested in joining this bursary foundation?"

"Ah" Audrey had already sensed that her father might have such thoughts back in the cathedral, so she expressed the appropriate level of surprise and confusion.

"It's only a small charity foundation." Audrey's brother, Hibbert Hall, argued for his sister.

Earl Hall shook his head and laughed.

"I've asked a few bishops. The total amount of donations tonight has already reached 100,000 pounds.

"Why do you think there's so much?"

Hibbert frowned slightly as he said thoughtfully, "They were bribed?"

At the same time, Audrey gave her own point of view.

"Knowledge and the relaxing of the electoral qualifications?"

Earl Hall nodded and sighed.

"Nothing is an essential existence, including humans themselves as well as the nobility."

He then looked at Audrey and said with a smile, "There's no need to force yourself. I can get others to join the bursary foundation. I just wish that you will gain more knowledge because of this and now view certain matters as definite and immutable. Heh heh, even if you miss this, there will be other charity organizations."

"Father, I'll consider it," Audrey replied seriously.

After hearing Dwayne Dantes's recount of the stories of the poor, she had already decided on joining to gather more donations, to contact the government, and organize events to contribute her efforts to the cause. She was hesitant because she felt that the middle-aged man was a little problematic.

After returning home, Audrey immediately brought Susie to her room and closed the door.

"What do you think of that Mr. Dwayne Dantes?" Audrey asked directly.

The golden retriever sat opposite her and thought.

"He seems to know you or something on you. Also, a lot of the time, he's acting and leaving a certain degree of clues... He seemed to be guarded against me. He's extremely sharp..."

"Yes, I noticed it too. He might be a Beyonder. He acted very well, but it's still an act. However, this is also very ordinary. At a social event, and faced with different people, we would all play different roles and engage in a corresponding act," Audrey said thoughtfully. "The biggest problem stems from his shock when he saw me. He was almost horrified. Also, he was embroiled in two cases, one after another, especially with that case regarding Baron Syndras. It seems to have some Beyonder factors involved in it, with signs of someone being cued to do so..."

Susie opened her mouth, unable to give a definitive explanation. All she could do was woof.

Audrey began another train of thought.

Hmm... I'll get someone to investigate Dwayne Dantes, and after confirming that there aren't any major problems, I'll join the bursary foundation... Ah right, it's almost Monday. I can request Fors and Mr. Moon. They're both in Backlund...

Monday afternoon at three.

Dark red beams shot up in the grand palace, materializing into blurry figures.

Audrey quickly surveyed the area and looked to the seat of honor at the bronze, long table and bowed with a smile.

"Good afternoon, Mr. Fool~"

Chapter 866: Home

On hearing Miss Justice's greeting, The Fool Klein suddenly had a strong wistful feeling.

After knowing her identity, status, looks, and situation, he had a deeper understanding as to why Audrey's tone had a happy and radiant air. He understood where they essentially came from, but he didn't end up envious or jealous because of that, nor did he believe that she lacked the toughness that was brought about by misery. Instead, he felt that in this world that had chaos, distortion, and madness lurking beneath it, having such a lady exist was truly a wonderful thing.

A smile surfaced on his face as he gently nodded as an acknowledgment of Miss Justice's greeting.

After the Tarot Club members exchanged greetings, Cattleya nudged her glasses and turned her body sideways. She bowed in the direction of the blurry figure that was enveloped by gray fog at the end of the long bronze table.

"Honorable Mr. Fool, there are three diary pages this time."

Queen Mystic has finally resurfaced... Klein lampooned and said with a smile, "Very good."

A few seconds later, Cattleya conjured the diary pages after receiving approval before seeing them "leap" into Mr. Fool's hands.

Klein glanced at it casually when his heart skipped a beat.

He realized that the diary pages provided by Queen Mystic depicted Emperor Roselle's early days. It didn't seem to contain anything important.

Logically speaking, when being unable to distinguish the importance of entries, one will definitely prioritize the later diary entries. This would best reveal the mystery of why Emperor Roselle was "agitated"... I believe Queen Mystic is sufficiently clever... As Klein wondered to himself inwardly, he began seriously reading the first page.

"21st September. Arrived at St. Millom. I've officially begun my first state visit.

"Feysac's weather is really a little cold. It's not even October and it looks like it's about to snow. It's no wonder it's famous for its various coats and winter wear. As well as its liquor!

"F*ck, the people here are ridiculously tall. As expected of a country that descended from giants. However, I have to say that I hate it when people look down on me!

"Tonight, I'll be going to a bar to find a Feysacian beauty to share some drinks!"

On reading this, Klein suddenly suspected if Queen Mystic Bernadette's question was if she had a brother of Feysac descent.

Suppressing an inward tsk, Klein looked at the second diary entry.

"22nd September. I think I blacked out...

"What happened last night? What happened to my Feysacian beauty? I actually lost out to her in drinking!

"The embassy staff told me that the women here are often better at drinking than men...

"I should show some temperance when I head to bars in the future. I sure don't want some ugly, middle-aged woman to do unspeakable things to me when I black out...

"The alcohol here sure is strong. My headache has lasted an entire day. Thankfully, my stomach doesn't hurt. I should sleep early. I'll be visiting the Great Twilight Hall tomorrow."

"23rd September. The Great Twilight Hall is indeed grand. It's like a myth materializing into reality. That building seems to be completely prepared for giants.

"Since I don't share their faith, I could only circle the perimeter. The square at the bottom of the Great Twilight Hall is also filled with the fragrance of alcohol!

"There were plenty of people there, some kneeling, some sitting, others playing musical instruments. They exude a rather relaxed and open feeling.

"I got to know a Feysacian who blows a bone flute. Compared to his kinsmen, he's ridiculously tall. He's roughly three meters tall.

"His name is Honegger, and he claims to be from one of the clans in Feysac that have the purest giant bloodline. The way he plays the bone flute looks very sorrowful, as though he doesn't belong here but has no idea where to go to. Compared to the skirt chasers at Intis, he's a lot more like a poet. Now that I mention it, I really can't help but give some criticism. Those guys seem to wear any sexual diseases as a badge of honor. It just messes up the entire social market!

"I had a chat with Honegger for a while and raised my question from before. He said that he's only homesick.

"But the problem lies in the fact that he's a true blue native from St. Millom. He has never left this place before.

"Honegger didn't immediately reply to me as he played the bone flute for a few more minutes. He later told me that he misses the origins of the giant bloodline, the Giant King's Court mentioned in myths.

"He told me that he and his clan of Feysacians often dream of tall mountains that are used as giant city walls. It's a palace forever bathed in twilight's glow, with tall towers and other kinds of buildings. It resembles the Great Twilight Hall, but it's even more fascinating, epic, and miraculous.

"Without anyone needing to tell them, Honegger and his clansmen believe that it's the Giant King's Court.

"Towards the end of our conversation, Honegger slowly stood up and thanked me for listening. He was going to leave Feysac to seek out the Giant King's Court, to find the home of his soul.

"He believed that in the zone at the easternmost front of the Sonia Sea, there might be a path that leads to the Giant King's Court.

"He said that a millennium has passed, but the giants have never forgotten their home. Now, it's his turn to follow the footsteps of his ancestors. This path would never stop until the destination is reached.

"He played the bone flute again and gradually left amidst that ethereal and sorrowful tune.

"Home..."

Home... On reading this, Klein felt for the first time that his feelings resonated with the emperor.

Although Roselle only wrote the word that seemed to repeat without describing his feelings, Klein could understand the undulating feelings within the emperor. This was because he and Roselle were like Honegger. They had a home they belonged to spiritually.

Sighing inwardly, Klein flipped to the second diary page.

"10th January. Visited Sonia Island.

"This place is also called Ancient Elf Island. It has plenty of elvish ruins and customs left over.

"I was surprised on the first day. The elves actually make 'blood cake,' and they enjoy eating animal organs and are good at using spices.

"They even invented chopsticks?

"Judging by the elven figures depicted on the murals, apart from their blue hair, their facial contours and eyes are similar to Asians on Earth. Could they be my compatriots?"

Yes, back then, I had such suspicions as well. However, it's impossible for so many people to transmigrate at once since it's almost an entire race. I felt that I was overthinking matters... But it doesn't make sense that the customs and utensils that appeared on Earth won't appear here... Klein thought in interest as he quickly continued reading. He wanted to know if Roselle had gotten to the bottom of it.

"13th January. I've been so busy searching for writings, relics, and folk tales that I forgot to write my diary for a few days.

"Although many objects have been taken away by the various Churches, I've still obtained something of value.

"Various legends have it that Elf King Soniathrym created chopsticks. There are records of 'Him' using animal organs and blood to cook delicacies. There are stories of this ancient god being good at identifying and using spices. It's acknowledged that 'He' is their founding ancestor, the first elf. Due to certain reasons, 'He' led the race and left the Western Continent that only existed in legends, bringing them to the Northern Continent.

"Could it be that this is a compatriot of mine, a transmigrator?

"'He' later produced an entire race? There is nothing ancient gods cannot do, including having children?

"'He' apparently had a wife who was also an elf. Hmm... I will need to think this through."

"16th January. After further investigation, elves might really have nothing to do with transmigrators. At the very least, they didn't leave behind any Chinese, English, or other symbols.

"They have likely been using Elvish all the time. Nothing of it gives me a sense of familiarity.

"Furthermore, the inventions we have in common didn't appear before I came. Likewise for famous quotes. There are only proverbs and idioms with similar meanings but with a completely different choice of words.

"From all the items and legends I have now, none of them support my theory. This is a little disappointing, but it also makes me relieved. If I were to encounter another transmigrator or other transmigrators, I really have no idea how to face them."

"17th January. I dreamed of the home I've nearly forgotten."

Indeed, the emperor more or less gave up on that theory... Klein flipped to the next page and saw the final diary entry.

"2nd April. My daughter is smart. She can speak before the age of one! Although she has only learned a few words, I believe that her subsequent development can't be slow!

"She must have inherited this from me!

"No matter how I look, she looks a little like I did on Earth. Could it be that a soul can also pass on some degree of heredity? Haha, I'll just treat it as so.

"Bernadette, this name is quite good. It sounds beautiful, but deep in my heart, I keep having the urge to give her a Chinese nickname.

"Sigh, she won't get to see her real grandmother and grandfather..."

"3rd April. I suffered from insomnia last night because of the homesickness I suddenly had yesterday. Thankfully, I know Cogitation.

"However, this also made me consider a problem. That is whether I should secretly teach Bernadette Chinese.

"No, I can't. If she were to understand the diary entries her father had previously written, I'd rather kill myself! In my daughter's heart, her father is filled with honor.

"However, using Chinese to write my diary is my final tether to Earth and my past. My daughter should inherit this tether to a certain extent."

"6th April. After a few days of consideration, I've decided to teach Bernadette two Chinese characters as though they are special symbols. I'll tell her that this is a protective incantation from her father and that she is to remember it forever.

"She doesn't need to know the corresponding meaning. All she needs to do is to remember it.

"The word in Chinese is:

"Home."

Home... Klein repeated this word again as he felt his eyes grow slightly red.

He finally understood why Queen Mystic had chosen these three diary pages. This was because it was the protective symbol her father had left her.

"Home."

At this moment, Klein seemed to see a river of emotions. Its surface was flowing silently, but there were infinite eddies flowing underneath, churning without end.

Klein retracted his gaze and made the diary pages disappear. Looking up at Cattleya, he asked, "What's your question?"

Chapter 867: Investigation Mission

When looking at Cattleya, Klein had actually guessed what her request would be as he sighed and felt confident.

How did Mr. Fool know that I'll be asking a question and not making a request... As expected of Mr. Fool... Cattleya thought before politely asking, "Honorable Mr. Fool, I would like to know the meaning of these two symbols."

After receiving permission, she conjured the Chinese characters. They were "Gu" and "Xiang."

As expected... Klein sighed silently.

"When combined together, they mean home, the homeland of one's soul."

When combined together... the homeland of one's soul... Cattleya placed the emphasis on the second sentence because she knew very well where home was for Queen Mystic, and she didn't believe there was anything special about it.

Audrey, Alger, and the other Tarot Club members took the opportunity to learn the new Roselle text and tried hard to memorize the symbols and their combined meaning. Derrick alone was excluded.

Klein didn't speak further as he leaned back in his chair.

"You may begin."

Alger immediately turned his head and looked at The World.

"Your mystical item is ready. I'll give it to you this week."

He was referring to the mystical item made from an Ocean Songster's Beyonder characteristic.

The Artisan had first rushed to finish Miss Justice's glove. As for The World's request, it had been delayed until this week.

With Mr. Azik not replying yet, and with me unable to restore the seal on Creeping Hunger, this mystical item's arrival is timely... Klein controlled The World and made him nod.

"That's still an acceptable speed."

An acceptable speed... If I had delayed it for another two to three weeks or even a year, would you be teleporting to me? Alger thought with a baffling sense of wariness.

As his original plan was to obtain the Cataclysmic Interrer potion from the Church, and with him just beginning to digest the Ocean Songster potion, he wasn't looking to purchase any corresponding Beyonder ingredients. He fell silent again and began watching the other members begin their transactions.

To Alger, the most important thing now was to obtain one or two mystical items to match with Whip of Mind. After all, although mystical items were more about quality than quantity, with the need to avoid having the negative effects from overlapping, having only one mystical item for a Sequence 5 Beyonder was quite an embarrassment.

Under normal circumstances, Sequence 5 Beyonders would have two or three mystical items whose negative effects didn't overlap, making them the best combination.

Of course, Alger had already reserved one. Once the Artisan finished The World's item, it would be his six-winged gargoyle's core crystal.

For that, he needed to pay 1,000 pounds. Together with the fee he needed to pay for The World, the small amount of money he had was reduced by 2,000 pounds, leaving him with 1,800 pounds. Out of that, 500 pounds was a commission he had earned from Miss Justice's glove.

With no one speaking, Emlyn looked at The Sun and asked after some deliberation, "I need a Sequence 5's artificial Vampire's Beyonder characteristic. What do you wish to get in exchange?"

In recent times, he had learned that the Sanguine had the means to eliminate the mental corruption of a Beyonder characteristic, but he needed to make sufficient contributions to make an application.

Therefore, Emlyn wished to first obtain the main ingredient needed for advancement before considering the other problems.

Based on his observations, such a Sequence 5 artificial Vampire Beyonder characteristic roughly cost 8,000 pounds based on Mr. World's pricing. As for himself, he only had 5,400 pounds and was still a little short.

Based on Emlyn's original thoughts and habits, he needed to save up 8,000 pounds before requesting a trade with The Sun. He wasn't a Sanguine who liked to buy things on credit, even for the newest and best doll. Nor could he bring himself to borrow from others. All he could do was to be more frugal, work harder, and save up more. However, he quickly realized something. The Sun didn't accept cash. To the residents of the City of Silver, Loen's cash was no different from scrap paper.

Therefore, Emlyn believed that The Sun would make a request for an item, so it was better to learn of it to prepare it ahead of time.

Furthermore, The Sun doesn't understand the market prices. Perhaps the thing he wants only costs 5,000 pounds... In the hopes of being pleasantly surprised, Emlyn lifted his chin slightly and looked at The Sun beside him.

Derrick thought seriously and said, "Uh... Sun pathway's Sequence 5 potion formula."

He originally wished to request him to repay his debt with Mr. World, but he realized that Mr. World hadn't raised any requests at all. Hence, he didn't find it appropriate to relegate it to someone else.

In addition, having participated in so many Tarot Gatherings, Derrick was no longer the newcomer who knew nothing. With the City of Silver having an exchange standard, he knew the difference between a Sequence 6 Notary potion formula and a Sequence 5 Beyonder characteristic very well. Using the former to cover the debt of the latter would be a terrible deal; therefore, he changed his request to the Sequence 5 potion formula.

Sequence 5 potion formula. That's very difficult to purchase. It will cost between 4,500 to 7,000 pounds. The exact price depends mainly on how urgently each party wishes to trade. Also, there's a cost to verifying its authenticity too... Emlyn was just about to answer when he heard Mr. World's hoarse voice sound:

"T have it."

Instantly, the palace that looked like a giant's residence fell silent. All the Tarot Club members went rigid.

Is Sequence 5 that common?... Emlyn felt down when he realized that he still wasn't at Sequence 5 yet. After calming down, he asked, "How much will it cost?"

Considering Emlyn White's financial situation, Klein made The World chortle deeply.

"5,000 pounds. Priest of Light potion formula."

5,000 pounds? Emlyn was first taken aback before he said without hesitation, "Deal!"

It was like he was facing a discount for a doll he had been longing for.

"Alright.". The World nodded as though it wasn't a major transaction.

Then, he saw Miss Justice look around and hear her say, "I'd like to commission an investigation mission."

Investigation mission... The Fool Klein's heart skipped a beat as The World's expression turned somewhat sluggish.

"What is it?" Fors asked at once.

Her impression of Miss Justice's commissions was that they were relatively simple while paying handsomely. She definitely needed to take it!

Audrey organized her words and said, "There have been two matters that happened in Backlund recently. One is Baron Syndras. He is suspected of having been framed. The other is the assault on Member of Parliament Macht because of the environmental measures..."

Fors found Miss Justice's description especially familiar because she had been present for the two matters. She had witnessed them and was involved in them!

She unconsciously straightened her back, waiting for Miss Justice to continue.

"And in these two matters, there is a tycoon named Dwayne Dantes involved. He came to Backlund two months ago, and he had donated more than ten thousand pounds of shares to the Church of Evernight to establish a bursary foundation that targets the poor," Audrey described using a tone as though she had never directly interacted with him and was simply suspecting something about him from the data and rumors she had received. "I wish to hire someone to investigate the actual situation with that gentleman."

I know! I know! I know this too well! He's rather rich and he looks pretty good. He handles matters with experience and in a mature manner. He's someone with kidney or bladder problems... Fors nearly raised her hand to shout out her thoughts.

If Miss Justice wasn't pleased with that, she had even more information, such as Dwayne Dantes was in a rather pitiful state. His butler studied black magic, his servant worshiped Death, and one of his neighbors was a Beyonder. There was a secret to his street and that he had donated the shares to extricate himself from trouble!

In short, he perfectly fits the image of a foreigner who is being bullied. I nearly recommended him a medicine that treats kidney and bladder problems. After all, Mr. Moon is skilled in such matters. I can still earn a commission through this... Yes, there's no rush. Let's hear what Miss Justice has to offer... Fors curbed her heart which was awash with excitement as she patiently looked at the girl beside her.

However, her body language and emotional upheavals had betrayed her in front of a Spectator. Audrey was rather surprised and puzzled by this. She never expected Fors to know Dwayne Dantes and seemed to know quite a lot about him.

This gave her a new theory as to why Dwayne Dantes was shocked when he saw her. She wondered whether Fors had once said or shown something to the man.

Meanwhile, Emlyn was a blank. He knew nothing about what Miss Justice had mentioned. All he could do was confirm that these happened in Backlund. As for The Fool Klein, who was leaning back in his chair, leisurely looking at the members, he nearly twitched the corners of his mouth.

Miss Justice's attempt to commission someone to investigate Dwayne Dantes had exceeded his expectations. This was because they had only met once at the charity party. They didn't seem to have any deeper interactions, so there was no need for any further investigations!

Could it be that I exposed something about myself that garnered Miss Justice's interest? Or could it be that by donating 10,000 pounds, it shows how much importance Earl Hall places on this; hence, Miss Justice decided to secretly carry out investigations because she's worried for her father? Klein's mind raced as he hurriedly thought of a solution.

At this moment, Audrey deliberated for a moment and looked at Miss Magician and said, "An initial investigation for 500 pounds. If you encounter danger or the difficulty increases, I'll compensate you with more."

No problem! Fors hurriedly organized her words inwardly.

Just as she was about to say something, she saw The World Gehrman Sparrow raise his hand.

He had raised his hand.

Chapter 868: Shared Identity

Eh... Fors was taken aback, wondering whether she had seen incorrectly.

Following that, she couldn't help but have thoughts surface in her mind.

Mr. World wishes to take this mission? That's right. He's in Backlund.

But this is an investigation, not a murder. Dwayne Dantes is already pitiful enough. Leave Dwayne alone!

Eliminating the investigation target implies completing the investigation? Because there will be no need to make another investigation...

What do I do? Do I still take the mission? It's a full 500 pounds. I just need to recount what I already discovered to receive 200 pounds, but the competitor is Mr. World... Perhaps we can cooperate and not compete?

Eh? Why would Mr. World be interested in this mission? His focus is actually on the framing of Baron Syndras or the assault on Member of Parliament Macht?

Fors finally grasped the heart of the problem. As for Alger and Cattleya, they were already looking at The World. To them, be it the framing of Baron Syndras, the assault on Member of Parliament Macht, or Dwayne Dantes's donation of more than ten thousand pounds, none of them warranted special attention. However, to have Mr. Fool's Blessed choose to accept the investigation mission meant that the problem was bound to be extremely complicated. It made them feel that there were important secrets underlying the matter.

Emlyn didn't think too much about it, but he had also sensed that the seemingly ordinary investigation mission wasn't that simple. His plans on earning some pocket money to make up for the 5,000 pounds that he had just lost were overturned as he suddenly didn't want to say a word.

Dwayne Dantes is really something. There must be a big problem with him that makes Mr. World choose to investigate him? Or are those two cases more important and more critical than I imagined? Audrey's mind stirred as she turned her eyes, and she used the advantage of her seating position to take in all the reactions of the Tarot Club members.

Among them, Derrick was the only exception.

To him, wasn't it normal for the Tarot Club to help each other? If someone gave a mission and one was capable of completing it, wasn't it normal to take it?

Audrey moved her gaze to The World and asked with hidden anticipation, "Mr. World, you wish to receive this mission?"

After returning to Backlund, she had caught up on the news from the sea over the past few months, roughly confirming that Mr. World was the crazy adventurer, Gehrman Sparrow. While she was deeply impressed by this seemingly polite but dangerous gentleman who had accomplished many great deeds, she felt that her desire to adventure at sea had waned.

Klein had already thought of a response. He had controlled The World to lower his hand and wait for Miss Justice to ask. At this moment, he made Gehrman Sparrow's expression turn solemn and reply with a deep voice, "Dwayne Dantes is an identity."

After brief but repeated consideration, Klein decided to expose some information. He made Dwayne Dantes be one of his public facades as a Blessed!

He believed that if he chose to conceal the matter, there was a chance the truth would be exposed in the future. This was because Dwayne Dantes was about to enter Backlund's high society. He could find clues to the Great Smog of Backlund or other cases. This way, he might very well need Miss Justice to provide him with assistance. When that happens, the Spectator would probably sense something and discover that The World was previously hiding something and that Mr. Fool had never mentioned it.

This would lower her sense of belonging and lead her to suspect even more, causing her faith in The Fool to be dangerously tenuous.

With two members not knowing each other, or knowing of the other's existence, to tacitly work together to complete a specified mission together to accomplish a complete goal sounded perfect, but in reality, its success was very difficult. Even more so, there was no way he could fool her!

Therefore, most of the time, honesty was more effective and less worrisome than lying.

As for why he didn't directly say that Dantes was Gehrman Sparrow, it was because Klein didn't wish to leave the Tarot Club members the impression as to why it was the same person again. He didn't want them to have the impression that he was the only Blessed of Mr. Fool that appeared.

Dwayne Dantes is only an identity? Audrey sharply read between the lines and had a theory.

Then, she heard The World simply say, "A common identity that my companions and I share.

"I will occasionally disguise myself as him."

After saying that, he swept an emotionless gaze across The Magician.

A common identity... Occasionally disguise myself as him. That very pitiful Dwayne Dantes is Mr. World? That tycoon with kidney or bladder problems is Mr. Gehrman Sparrow? Fors felt as though she was struck by lightning as she froze up.

Her brain turned numb as she felt struck with fear, instinctively feeling that Xio's unintentional comment made a lot of sense.

When a butler, valet, neighbor, and surroundings had problems, the person who seemed ordinary definitely wouldn't be ordinary!

No, it's not the street where Dwayne Dantes stays at, nor did he happen to hire a butler with a secret, it's because of that secret that he was chosen by Dwayne Dantes--chosen by Gehrman Sparrow! The pitiful one isn't Dwayne Dantes but the Beyonders and Beyonder items around him! I was wrong. I shouldn't have gotten Xio to ask the Goddess to bless him. It's more like a curse upon Mr. World... Fors suddenly trembled, thankful that she hadn't left a comment in her note that Dwayne Dantes should check on his kidneys or bladder.

Otherwise, she suspected that she wouldn't be able to participate in the next Tarot Gathering. Or perhaps, she would appear in the form of a Beyonder characteristic, sold to the other members by The World.

Logically speaking, Mr. World shouldn't know that I'm The Magician, but I was carrying Leymano's Travels with me... He had used the spellbook before and had added demigod-level Beyonder powers to it! He had definitely observed me in secret, remembering my appearance and evaluating my value... The fear in Fors was surging like a tumultuous sea as her expression was filled with misery.

At this moment, she saw Mr. World sweep his cold glance at her, her feelings of regret instantly becoming that of extreme regret.

Thankfully, I didn't rush to answer and mention my impression of Dwayne Dantes... When Fors gradually calmed down from her horror, she couldn't help but think of another problem.

During the bodyguard mission, were we the ones protecting Dwayne Dantes, or was Dwayne Dantes protecting us... Should I refund Mr. Gehrman Sparrow his money?

This... At times, Dwayne Dantes is the same as Mr. World... Audrey was first stunned before finding all her questions answered.

Fors does know Dwayne Dantes, but she didn't know that he's Mr. World. It can be proven from her shocked reaction just now.

The reason that Dwayne Dantes was shocked when he saw me was because he recognized Lie. Although this mystical item has changed, it comes from a Beyonder characteristic that Mr. World provided. Perhaps this crazy adventurer can sense it somehow.

After all, Gehrman Sparrow can transform into anyone with the powers of shapeshifting!

Although I only asked Mr. Hanged Man what will happen when an animal consumes a potion, the potion ingredients I gathered later were always in pairs. Mr. World might very well have guessed that I have a Spectator beside me based on that; hence, he became wary of Susie who was secretly observing everyone in the hall... Others might not doubt an animal, but Mr. World is experienced. He must've interacted with Beyonder creatures, so it's very normal for him to be wary of such things.

Which is to say, Dwayne Dantes, no--Mr. World Gehrman Sparrow knew that I was Justice, but he didn't choose to make contact or communicate with me. Hmm, there's nothing wrong with his choice of actions. Under those circumstances, unless he directly says it, it will be difficult for me to guess or believe it. Furthermore, talking about the Tarot Club in Saint Samuel Cathedral is... is just too crazy!

After a brief moment of surprise, Audrey's emotions calmed down, leaving her only with excitement.

Apart from The Magician Fors who she introduced, this was her first meeting with another member of the Tarot Club!

It feels like a historic moment! Yes, Mr. World as well as Mr. Fool's other Blessed. Eh, they should also be considered The World. But why was the identity of Dwayne Dantes made? What are they up to?

The matter of Baron Syndras being framed, the assault on Member of Parliament Macht, and their donation to establish a bursary foundation really are more complicated and important than I originally imagined... Why do I feel that the kingdom's upper echelons are beginning to stir in a state of unrest? I had this feeling back when Prince Edessak died during the Great Smog of Backlund. Today, it's even more intense...

Now that I know the identity of Dwayne Dantes, I might be able to participate and cooperate indirectly, reducing the risk my parents might suffer, reducing the risk of the innocent... Amidst her thoughts, Audrey quickly made up her mind. She would accept her father's choice to join the Loen Charity Bursary Foundation, then she inwardly quipped, Wouldn't it be very logical to have Justice from the Tarot Club join the charity foundation established by Mr. World from the Tarot Club?

Alger and Cattleya weren't too surprised that Dwayne Dantes was The World, that he was the amalgamation of Mr. Fool's Blessed. In their minds, another thought flashed through their minds: Something major is about to happen in Backlund!

Chapter 869: Report Him!

Is something brewing in Backlund again? An extension of the Great Smog of Backlund? As Alger and Cattleya wondered about the framing of Baron Syndras and the assault on Member of Parliament Macht, they planned on using their own respective channels to obtain more detailed information to see if they could discover anything abnormal.

They weren't in a rush. They had no intention to directly ask The World what his motives or exact plans were. They felt that he wouldn't answer in detail. At best, he would just make a comment; therefore, they planned to gather more information first to do some preliminary investigations. They would then decide on their subsequent course of action depending on the exact situation.

At the same time, they suddenly realized that the public announcement of the identity of "Dwayne Dantes" seemed to be a boon for them. As long as they paid attention to news of the tycoon, they could roughly grasp the actions of Mr. Fool's Blessed, and from there, they could provide tacit cooperation or help. And since this was just a fake identity, it could be disposed of the moment any problems were exposed.

Similarly, they could be a "witness" for this identity, making Dwayne Dantes appear more realistic. The simplest example was that if this tycoon had a background at sea, Cattleya could provide her crew, friends, and partners the relevant information, making them believe that such a man existed. By the time the official organizations attempted to investigate Dwayne Dantes's origins, they would discover that he did exist and that those matters did happen!

After a brief silence, Audrey was just about to answer Mr. World's question when she saw Mr. Moon sit up straight and look to the end of the long bronze table, taking the initiative to ask:

"What is this public identity used for?

"Are there deeper problems present in the cases mentioned by Miss Justice?"

As a citizen of Backlund, Emlyn was quite concerned about his living environment.

Why don't you investigate all these questions yourself? To avoid being swept into the vortex, I have already exposed myself... Klein lampooned Emlyn and made The World give a deep chuckle.

"Of course.

"It's awaiting further investigation."

His succinct answer could be translated in detail to: the two cases definitely have deeper problems, but that's a secret. I don't plan on telling you. Likewise, don't ask about the purpose of the identity of "Dwayne Dantes"!

Although Emlyn was rather poor at reading people, he could still understand what The World was getting at. He chuckled dryly and leaned back, pretending as though he was very pleased with the answer.

When Audrey saw this, she took a second to stop the corners of her mouth from curling up. Then, she said to The World, "Alright, I understand. Thank you for the information."

At this moment, she was further convinced that joining the Loen Charity Bursary Foundation was a good thing for her. In the future, if she were to face any danger or had any matters she couldn't handle herself, she could inform Mr. World ahead of time. Then, she could go to the foundation as usual, busying herself in the office adjacent to Dwayne Dantes's.

Hmm, if the Psychology Alchemists have their suspicions about me, or if they use a mission to test me, I'll get them to meet me at the foundation... Dwayne Dantes's image is completely different from the way he acts as The World above the gray fog. Yes, Mr. World is an experienced actor... Also, Dwayne Dantes is a public identity. He won't always be synonymous with Gehrman Sparrow. It's no wonder there are rumors of him liking a wide range of women... A crazy murderer and adventurer like Gehrman Sparrow definitely is a good match with a pure and innocent girl... As a Spectator, Audrey couldn't help but imagine that.

As for Klein, he couldn't help but lampoon when he heard her reply.

What do you mean "Thank you for the information?"

Shouldn't you be paying 500 pounds in investigation fees?

Are you treating it as something shared among members?

He made The World nod without further mentioning the matter of Dwayne Dantes. He then turned to look at Little Sun.

"Do you have Bizarro Banes over there?"

The World paused and added, "Perhaps you use a different name to refer to it. In short, it's skilled at disguise, and it has bizarre powers. It's nearly at the demigod level and has a main eye gathered from its characteristic..."

He deliberately mentioned that it was nearly at the demigod level, not to flaunt the fact to him, but to warn Little Sun that this was a very dangerous monster.

However, Alger and Cattleya didn't pay attention to this point. As a representative of Mr. Fool's Blessed, it was perfectly understandable for The World to purchase demigod-level materials on behalf of his peers. Besides, even if he was preparing it for himself, it wasn't anything astonishing. Gehrman Sparrow was already a Sequence 5. It was very common for one to gather the ingredients ahead of time.

Without realizing it, they felt that Mr. World's advancement from Sequence 5 was seemingly a good thing.

Derrick thought and said, "It's not among the common monsters, but perhaps someone might've encountered it before. I will search through the books or help you ask."

The World tersely answered and fell silent.

After Fors made her request, to purchase an ancient wraith's cursed artifact and remnant spirituality, to no avail, the transactions came to an end.

Before Mr. Hanged Man could ask The Sun, Fors stole a glance at The World and said, "I recently had a strange dream. In it was an almost genuine treasure trove, including..."

She described, in detail, the scene she had seen, and near the end, she said, "That is the complicated symbol formed from 'fate' and 'concealment'...

Fors was just about to look toward Mr. Fool to request permission to conjure it when she heard The World say, "Are you talking about this symbol?"

The World first made a request before conjuring the symbol.

The badge was only the size of an eyeball. On the surface, there were symbols that symbolized "fate" and "concealment."

It came from Lanevus, and it was the proof of admission to the Hermits of Fate's gathering. However, Klein had never made any attempts to participate in it before.

"Ah?" Fors glanced at it and stammered a reply. "Yes, yes, that's it"

After she answered it, she realized that Mr. World hadn't only produced the symbol, but he had also produced an item!

Suddenly, she came to a realization.

Dwayne Dantes had chosen Boklund Street for a reason!

Just as she had the thought, she saw The World say with a hoarse voice, "That treasure is a trap."

He really does know... Thankfully, I was wise to seek the advice of the experienced... Fors heaved a sigh of relief as she smiled.

"Thank you for your reminder."

Audrey asked out of curiosity, "Mr. World, what does that symbol represent? Why do you call it a trap?"

Klein controlled The World and answered simply, "It represents a bunch of thieves that called themselves 'Hermits of Fate."

Hermits of Fate... Thieves... Alger and Cattleya thought as they memorized the two names. Based on their own knowledge, they had a certain guess.

The former suspected that it was an organization established by a bunch of Marauders. The latter believed that an ancient family from the Fourth Epoch was involved. After careful recollection, Emlyn White confirmed that he had never heard of such an organization, and he planned on learning more from the upper echelons of the Sanguine.

As for Klein, he thought of another problem.

That demigod from the Marauder pathway, sealed deep in the sewers hasn't left Boklund Street as expected. He might be hiding at Hazel's place. Furthermore, this demigod isn't staying put. He actually tried to influence Miss Magician via a dream!

This won't do. I can't give him free rein to do as he wishes...

I have to eliminate this latent risk as soon as possible!

Hmm... I'll find my dear poet later and warn him. The grandpa inside his body wouldn't be uninterested in a demigod of the same pathway...

With this in mind, Mr. Fool, who was leisurely looking at the members, curled his mouth into a smile.

Audrey vaguely sensed the emotional changes of Mr. Fool as she mumbled inwardly.

That bunch of thieves who call themselves Hermits of Fate are friends related to Mr. Fool?

The talk about the treasure in the dream quickly came to an end. Cattleya thought of something and said to The World, "I'll give you the intelligence you want this week."

At this moment, she was a little curious as to why he needed information on West Balam. However, she wasn't The Sun or The Moon who would ask the moment they didn't know something. She was more accustomed to searching for clues first.

"Alright." The World nodded. Klein sighed inwardly. With this secret organization, many things were indeed much simpler.

Seeing that he had nothing else to say, Alger turned to look at The Sun.

"Have you figured out the matter regarding your former Chief's mausoleum?"

Derrick said, somewhat ashamed, "I just made two friends."

As a Beyonder from the Sun pathway, he won less than one in ten matches when in combat at the training field. After suffering plenty of beatings, he finally established a relationship with his former acquaintances. However, the ones he could call friends only numbered two.

Without waiting for The Hanged Man to answer him, he hurriedly added, "However, I heard that the six-member council wishes to open the mausoleum. Regardless, they wish to retrieve the characteristic at the very least."

In the City of Silver, no one felt that such an operation was problematic. To them, being wasteful was a sin.

Alger nodded slightly as he changed his admonishing words he was about to say.

"Not bad.

"They don't necessarily have to be friends in order to provide you with help. When you establish a bigger network, you will naturally obtain more intel."

Chapter 870: A Question That Strikes the Heart

Upon receiving this acknowledgment, Derrick was taken aback for two seconds. His shame lessened as he said, somewhat embarrassed, "I will take further steps to understand this matter."

I will work hard to make two sources of information, no--a friend before the next Tarot Gathering... Derrick quickly set himself a goal.

On seeing this, Klein made The World hoarsely say, "If it involves the domain of Death, you can seek my advice."

And I can seek Mr. Azik's advice... he silently added.

As for Frank Lee's new mushrooms, he had no plans on transferring them to Little Sun, as they were still incomplete. The "fruits" that were eventually produced were filled with poison and madness.

"Thank you, Mr. World," Derrick answered gratefully.

After a short exchange regarding other matters, the Tarot Club entered the "learning" segment until it ended.

Returning to the real world, Klein immediately wanted to resolve the problem of the Marauder demigod, but the plan he devised was met with an obstacle at the first step.

He had no idea where to find Leonard Mitchell and the grandpa inside his body!

Saint Samuel Cathedral? Leonard is most probably underground, but I have no way of entering... He only prays in the cathedral once or twice a week, and he doesn't do it at a fixed time. I can't be heading there thrice a day all week just to meet him, right? What kind of terrible plot is this? Is this what's called "a stake-out"? Even if I really did it, it might not be effective. As a Red Glove, he might've left Backlund... As Klein lampooned, he felt a deep sense of regret. He regretted being too focused on the sophistry and on deceiving Leonard Mitchell; thus, forgetting to ask for his contact method.

I should've said to Leonard, "I will inform Klein Moretti about his identity being exposed. If he has anything he wishes to say, I will pass it on for him." That way, I'll be able to establish a private method of contact... Klein exhaled slowly. All he could do was use his final solution.

That was to ask the magic mirror!

Drawing the symbols that implied "concealment" and "mystery prying," Klein cast his gaze at the full-body mirror. He saw watery light ripple, producing white Loenese text:

"Exalted Great Master, your puny, loyal, humble, and terrified servant, Arrodes, is here to answer your summoning.

"Before answering any questions, I want to say:

"I was wrong! I was wrong!"

Klein raised his eyebrows and asked, "Why are you suddenly admitting to a mistake?"

On the mirror, the white Loenese words warped and turned into new words:

"In short, I was wrong..."

After a series of ellipses, the white words trembled into shape.

"Recently, there have been many people trying to find out about you, and they have learned of the reputation of your present identity..."

So, Dwayne Dantes's amorous preference of liking anyone beautiful has spread, so much so that even Miss Justice knows of it? Well, that's good. I used the explanation that it's a shared identity. More than one Blessed plays Dwayne Dantes, so having a myriad of preferences are easy to explain... Hehe, look at this mirror. It's scared white... Klein was somewhat enlightened as he secretly laughed before saying, "It's your turn to ask."

The full-body mirror's words remained white as it formed new words:

"Will you forgive me?

"No, I mean, are you willing to watch my subsequent performance?"

This attitude... Klein tsked inwardly and said with a sullen expression, "Work hard."

"Yes, Great Master!" The mirror surface's ghastly white words bloomed with silver light. "Since you have summoned me, do you have a question to ask me?"

Klein nodded.

"Yes,

"Where will Leonard Mitchell be living in the next few days?"

The silver marks distorted quickly, forming new words:

"7 Pinster Street."

Beneath the words, the watery light rippled, forming a scene:

It was a terrace house numbered Unit 7. There was a black-haired, green-eyed youth just about to get his keys.

It's the same old place. There hasn't been any change... If I were to pay a visit directly, it will sully Leonard's impression of Dwayne Dantes. It will be quite a step down... Get Emlyn White to go? Leonard has probably figured out that the vampire and Sherlock Moriarty, who is also Klein Moretti, have ties... The current problem is that it's hard to determine that grandpa's stance... I have no way of confirming "His" true motives. Giving "Him" such a valuable gift based on his present state might not be appropriate. Perhaps it might bring extreme danger to Leonard... As it doesn't involve myself, doing a divination above the gray fog won't be effective... Thoughts arose in Klein's mind as he changed his plans.

Compared to directly informing the grandpa in Leonard's body about the Marauder demigod, using Pallez Zoroast's or Amon's name to warn the target to force him to leave the area was a milder method with fewer repercussions!

Of course, the premise is that I don't expose myself... Klein pondered for a few seconds and asked again, "Where is the demigod beside Hazel Macht hiding?"

The mirror's surface had watery light ripple out as the scene changed.

On a thick carpet with beautiful embroidery, there was a small leather sofa. On the surface of the single-seater was a white, furry cushion. In the middle of it was a gray rat. Compared to its kind, its eyes were closer to dark red.

Rat... That Marauder demigod has parasitized a rat? And he's sleeping inside Hazel's room in broad daylight? He got himself what looks like a very expensive cushion... He had to transform into this because I foiled his plans? Klein was surprised before he felt a little amused.

The scene fixed as silver lines surfaced:

"Great Master, what other instructions do you have for me?"

Very sharp... Klein tersely answered and said, "Use the mirror in the room to warn that demigod.

"Tell him that all around this street there is an angel from the Marauder pathway with ill intentions prowling nearby. Furthermore, Blasphemer Amon might come at any time."

"Alright, Master. I'll do it immediately!" The words on the mirror sparkled.

In Hazel's room, the gray rat felt his spiritual perception stir as he hurriedly stood up and cast his gaze on the full-body mirror in the room.

On the surface of the mirror, words that seemed to be written with fresh blood that had yet to coagulate appeared.

"Leave this area!"

The gray rat's gaze froze for a second as it fell silent for a moment.

"Why?"

The blood seemed to flow as the words spread out and formed new words:

"The surrounding area has an angel from the Marauder pathway in urgent need of replenishment prowling nearby. This pathway is the nemesis of all High-Sequence Beyonders. Blasphemer Amon is rushing over.

"I'm warning you because I do not wish for 'Them' to benefit."

The gray rat squeaked softly before asking in a deep voice, "Who are you?"

It was extremely frustrated, frustrated that the power it had accumulated would often be forcibly drained. Otherwise, it could use Astromancy to confirm the situation.

The full-body mirror which had dimmed at some point in time suddenly had bloody words appear again, presenting new information:

"I've already answered one question of yours. Based on the principle of reciprocity, it's my turn to ask."

Following that, a new line of bloody-red text appeared underneath:

"After you hurriedly parasitized a rat, you should be influenced by the body's structure and hormones. Now, which entity will make you have the desire to mate:

"Female human, male human, female rat, male rat, or all of the above?

"Please answer."

At this moment, Hazel cracked open the door. And for some reason, the gray rat inside didn't notice it, seemingly affected by something.

The door opened slightly again as Hazel discovered that the entity who claimed to be a demigod that existed in legends was staring at the mirror in a daze. It seemed entranced by its present appearance: a gray rat.

Uh... Hazel's brows twitched slightly as she instinctively paused her action of opening the door.

Then, she saw the gray rat's body tremble, its red eyes shining with unmistakable murderous intent.

"Stop fooling around with me!" the gray rat growled.

It turned its head to leave the room, but invisible chains suddenly bound its small body!

This power would have posed no threat to it when it was in its optimal state, but now, everything it had accumulated had been drained. The latest action was to send a dream to the Beyonder bodyguard whom Dwayne Dantes had hired.

Boom!

A thick, silver bolt of lightning descended from the sky, smiting the gray rat.

The scene before Hazel's eyes turned blinding white as she couldn't see anything. Immediately, her vision recovered as she found the gray rat on the ground, charred black. Its limbs were twitching.

Chapter 871: Director

What happened? The sudden turn of events left the inexperienced Hazel momentarily at a loss. She stood there in a daze for a few seconds before pushing open the door and rushing in.

When she reached the charred rat, the being who claimed to be a demigod rolled about in a fit while saying calmly, "You forgot to close the door."

"Ah..." Hazel stared blankly before realizing that, in her eagerness to assess the situation, she had forgotten to close the door as she usually did to prevent the maids from peeking in.

With the rat appearing fine, Hazel pursed her lips and turned around, walking back to the door.

During this process, she didn't forget to glance at the full-body mirror. She saw that everything in it looked normal without any problems. It clearly reflected everything in the room. There weren't any additional people or objects.

As the door clicked shut, Hazel asked, "Teacher, what happened just now?"

The charred rat glanced sideways at her, then gazed out the window.

"In the world of mysticism, anything that involves supernatural power is filled with danger. You can't be too careless.

"I had tried to use the mirror to do a divination, but I ended up garnering the attention of an unknown existence. After an intense struggle, I finally resolved the problem and prevented the danger from spreading across the street."

The rat spoke fluently without any stammering or hesitation, as though being struck by lightning was something trivial.

Is that so... Why didn't you warn me of such matters in the past... Hazel couldn't help but frown, as she could smell the combined odors of charred fur and rendered fat.

Without waiting for her reply, the rat turned to face the balcony and said with its back to her, "My physical condition has deteriorated as a result. I'm no longer suited to staying here, or else I might be discovered by the Church of Evernight.

"Yes, find an opportunity to send me to your manor in the countryside."

Looking at the rat's charred fur, and catching the aroma of roasted meat, Hazel fell silent for a few seconds. Suppressing her doubt, she nodded and said, "Alright."

160 Boklund Street.

Sitting in the reclining chair, Klein saw the full-body mirror ripple with aqueous light again as silver light arose.

The silver words formed into a sentence:

"Great Master, your puny servant, Arrodes, has followed your instructions to warn that demigod from the Marauder pathway. I have also given her a tiny punishment."

Her? Just as Klein was ruminating over the pronoun Arrodes had used, light from the mirror's surface turned clear as it presented a scene.

A silver bolt of lightning smote down, causing the gray rat to collapse while convulsing.

This is... way too weak? Klein suddenly understood why this demigod's condition was weaker than he expected.

"Are you satisfied with the way I handled it?" The silver lines quickly twisted into a question.

"Not bad." Klein nodded.

Considering the demigod's condition, he paused for a second and probingly asked, "Why didn't you directly kill her?"

Arrodes's mirror outlined silver words:

"If one can't be certain in killing a demigod target, it's best not to force them into a corner.

"Once they are no longer suppressing themselves, they will completely let themselves go. That would result in them mutating into an incomplete and irrational Mythical Creature.

"Most of the time, their poor condition and difficulty fully expressing their powers stem from resisting the urge to lose control.

"I'm not here in my actual form, so all I can do is administer a small punishment."

When the final line appeared, the full-body mirror's aqueous light shimmered. Klein suddenly had the feeling that a creature was looking at him with widened, watery eyes.

He didn't respond to that and merely nodded.

"That's it for today. I'll summon you again if there's anything else."

"Alright, Master~" The mirror immediately produced a hand-waving emoticon.

After cleaning up the room, Klein finished his afternoon nap and left the master bedroom.

Before long, the white-gloved Walter came to the third floor and entered the half-opened room with the balcony. He said to his employer, "Sir, the Church has sent a letter. They've invited you to be a director on the board for the Loen Charity Bursary Foundation. You can choose to directly take up a post there to receive a sizable salary. Or you can choose to take on a symbolic role. You will only participate in the discussion and vote when handling major matters.

The Church sure is efficient. It has already set up the framework... Klein thought and felt that since he had already donated more than ten thousand pounds, there was no need for him to claim a salary. It was better to not expect anything in return as he deliberated.

"I'll take on a symbolic role. However, I wish to participate in some of the foundation's actual operations in the future. I wish to contribute further and extend aid to more people."

"I will inform the Church of your thoughts," Walter seriously replied. "If you have nothing else, it's best you head over on Wednesday morning to witness the official establishment of the foundation."

Dwayne raised his porcelain cup and drank a mouthful of black tea.

"Okay."

On the Golden Dream, Danitz sat on the forward deck, gazing worriedly at the azure blue sea that was churning with waves.

After being urged once by Gehrman Sparrow, he felt that he couldn't delay any further. Otherwise, he might become a bounty at any time.

I don't want to become a pile of cash while I'm sleeping... So what if I'm suspected!? Danitz gritted his teeth and mustered his courage. He passed through the cabin door and headed straight for the captain's cabin.

Being unable to find Anderson Hood in a short span of time, he could only ask Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina Edwards.

After reaching his destination, Danitz took three deep breaths and raised his right hand, prepared to knock on the door.

At this moment, Vice Admiral Iceberg's voice came from inside.

"Please come in."

Danitz's right hand paused in midair as he forced a smile and entered.

He saw that his captain was sitting behind a desk, holding a dark-red fountain pen. He had no idea what she was writing.

"Captain, I have something I'd like to consult you about." Danitz came over and leaned forward slightly as he said with a smile.

Edwina put down her fountain pen and pulled at her sleeves that were laced with flowers. She glanced at Danitz and said, "You wish to ask about West Balam?"

"Ah?" Danitz's expression froze.

The captain already knows?

It must be those bastards and dogshit like Barrel and Iron Skin. They told Captain about it!

I know that no secret can be kept on this ship. And it's even more so for Captain!

After cursing inwardly, Danitz forced a smile again.

"Yes, as you know, I'm very interested in history and geography."

Edwina's limpid eyes moved slightly as she looked out the window.

"This is international politics."

Without waiting for the stiff Danitz to find another excuse, she continued on.

"In West Balam, there are cities managed by the Loenese, valleys belonging to Intis, native generals who are supported by Loen, and tribes who follow Intis orders. There are also powerful independent states who survive by maintaining a balance between the two nations. They are secretly connected to the different factions of the Numinous Episcopate and are in a rivalry with those who claim to be the descendants of Death. In addition, the Rose School of Thought and Feysac Empire have a deep influence on West Balam. On the surface, none of the factions belong to them, but in fact, many of the generals and tribal chiefs have submitted to them.

"Among them..."

Danitz listened in surprise before he lowered his hand suddenly with a dry chuckle.

"Captain, I-I need to take notes."

Or else there's no way to memorize this!

Edwina, who had been interrupted, wasn't mad. She pointed at the fountain pen and paper on the table.

"That's a good habit.

"I believe Gehrman Sparrow doesn't wish to receive erroneous information."

"Ah?" Danitz was stunned once again.

West Balam sure is chaotic. It's difficult to even tell which faction backs a medium-sized warlord, or who he's supported by... The Rose School of Thought has a very strong influence there? That means a sharp rise in risk for me... Klein had quickly scanned through Danitz's letter after receiving it from Miss Messenger Reinette Tinekerr.

It made him believe that he shouldn't head to West Balam alone unless Mr. Azik accompanied him.

Chapter 872: Results of Mediumship

Watching Miss Messenger leave, Klein glanced at the letter in his hand and considered the problem of West Balam again.

He believed that he needed to make preparations in case Mr. Azik didn't reply within the next month. That also meant that when July came, he might very well have to head to West Balam with a few military personnel, without the Death Consul's protection. If that happened, the shadow of the Rose School of Thought would ultimately hang over him.

Two choices. If I confirm that it's extremely dangerous, I'll directly abandon my identity as Dwayne Dantes. On the contrary, I should seriously consider a "customer list." I will not have myself involved in any faction that's suspected to have ties with the Rose School of Thought... Hmm, I might as well set a target first to make any unexpected developments be controllable... The information provided by Danitz likely comes from Vice Admiral Iceberg. The two native generals mentioned seem rather special... The other factions, regardless of the reason, will have a note of their ties with Loen, Intis, Feysac, and Feynapotter, or the various inclinations of internal factions that form a counterbalance. Only, for them, there is no mention of foreign countries other than the point about receiving support from the Numinous Episcopate... Klein read the content from beginning to end as he vaguely figured something out.

He had his initial suspicions that the two native generals were related to the Church of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom. The reason why Edwina didn't make any note was to deliberately point out their uniqueness, signaling to Gehrman Sparrow that they were potential partners.

This way, she didn't need to worry about Danitz leaking anything, as there was no information to leak other than a hint.

Maysanchez, Katamia... The former receives the support from the royal faction of the Numinous Episcopate. The latter secretly claims to be a descendant of Death... Heh, even if it's real, who knows how many generations separated he is. If he were to meet Mr. Azik, how should he refer to him? Klein chuckled and shook his wrist, burning up the letter.

Following that, he began enjoying an exquisite afternoon tea in the half-opened room with the balcony until Walter entered and whispered, "Sir, the police are here again. It's regarding Cuaron's suicide."

The clues in the case superficially pointed to Dwayne Dantes, so even though Baron Syndras had handled the matters, the police would visit him from time to time. Otherwise, the reporters would claim that it was a dereliction of duty by the police.

As for the assault on Member of Parliament Macht, as Dwayne Dantes was only a relatively important eyewitness, they didn't disturb him further after taking his statement.

"Invite them to the activity room on the second floor with the garden." Klein placed the butter sponge cake he had taken a few bites from onto the plate and drank a mouthful of tea.

As the master, he didn't need to worry that his food would go to waste. This was because the leftovers would be given to the servants. If he were to eat them clean all the time, or request them to prepare the perfect proportions, then his reputation as a stingy master would spread across the servants on the street before reaching the ears of the ladies and gentlemen.

Walter replied with an unperturbed expression, "They wish for you to head to the police station. Today is the day the Cuaron family will identify the suspect in a police lineup.

"They say that they are very sorry, but this is a necessary process that cannot be skipped."

Klein slowly got up as he said, "Understandable. Richardson, get me my coat, hat, and cane."

Since he was already no longer involved in the matter, he was rather willing to figure out what Cuaron and his family had encountered from a bystander's perspective, and also how the matter had been directed towards Baron Syndras.

Inside a spacious room in the police station at North Borough.

Klein stood behind a glass wall and saw Cuaron's family. It was an elderly man and woman, a woman in her late thirties, a teenager who was around the age of fifteen, and a girl who wasn't older than ten.

Their gaze swept the suspects behind the glass wall before landing on Dwayne Dantes at the same moment.

"It's him! It's him!" the teenager yelled as his eyes turned red. He clenched his hands into a fist in an attempt to rush towards the glass wall.

"It's him, Officer. It's him." The lady in her late thirties suddenly wept as she looked at Dwayne Dantes with eyes filled with hatred and animosity.

The little girl who was holding her hand wailed.

"Daddy! Return daddy to me!"

The two elders were wiping their tears. One of them was trying hard to keep calm, while the other was nearly fainting from her sobbing. Their grief instantly filled the room.

However, Klein had never even met them before today.

Implanted memories? He frowned slightly. As he sighed, he began wondering what the Cuaron family had encountered.

Meanwhile, in the mortuary beneath the station.

Daly Simone held a pencil and began sketching as her body shook slightly.

As she was here to help at the police station, because she might encounter reporters while entering or leaving, she didn't wear her usual Spirit Medium robes. She changed into a female black-and-white police uniform set. She had a blouse and skirt on with matching leather boots.

At this moment, her hand moved uncontrollably, and a desk, oriel window, ink bottle, revolver, and other items soon appeared on the piece of paper.

A figure was reflected in the oriel window.

This figure's hair was neatly combed back, a mix of silver and raven-black. The wrinkled figure had a broad forehead and high cheekbones. He was none other than Baron Syndras!

Pa! The pencil in Daly's hand dropped onto the piece of paper.

She then looked up and said to Leonard, who offered to help, and the two police inspectors who were in charge of the liaison, "At the moment Cuaron committed suicide, he struggled deeply in his heart. That is to say that his suicide was the result of Cuing and Guidance. This isn't a simple psychological problem. It must've involved Beyonder powers at a rather high level.

"And this inner conflict caused his emotions to collapse and his spirituality to erupt. Before his death, he regained awareness of the truth to a certain degree. This is the scene imprinted in his eyes.

The high-ranking inspector beside her furrowed his brows.

"Ma'am Simone, are you implying that the last person Cuaron saw was the real murderer? That Baron Syndras is actually the culprit?"

Leonard Mitchell immediately scoffed.

"What you see might not be equivalent to the truth.

"You might not understand if I call it an illusion, but if I'm the murderer, I could find someone who looks like Baron Syndras and have him appear in the room before Cuaron committed suicide."

The two inspectors readily accepted the explanation as they heaved a sigh of relief.

"We've already arranged for Cuaron's family to pay a visit. I'll have to trouble the two of you to obtain more clues pointing toward the truth through non-intrusive means."

"Alright." Daly rubbed the corners of her eyes. "I'll use the washroom first."

She hadn't put on her strange eyeshadow or blush. Apart from her skin appearing rather pale, she didn't have that uncanny look to her. Furthermore, she seemed younger, looking more like a woman in her twenties than thirties. Her eyes were bright, and she had beautiful facial features.

Believing that they were in for plenty of work, Leonard Mitchell also left the mortuary and walked toward the washroom above them.

Just as they finished climbing the staircase and turned a bend, they suddenly saw a gentleman with white sideburns appear on the other end of the corridor. He was walking out of the police station with his valet.

This gentleman was mature and elegant, with eyes that were like a lake under the moon. He was none other than Dwayne Dantes.

Daly Simone's mind went adrift for a moment as she turned her head thoughtfully. She looked at Leonard Mitchell and discovered that this black-haired, green-eyed poet was looking at Dwayne Dantes.

"Why did you suddenly apply for permission to help me? That member of the Numinous Episcopate will soon be found. You have no shortage of tasks..." Daly didn't give Leonard a chance to invent an excuse. After a brief pause, she asked directly, "Do you believe that gentleman from before is problematic?"

Leonard retracted his gaze and fell silent for two seconds.

"Dwayne Dantes has met His Grace before."

He deliberately didn't provide any sort of confirmation or denial, as though the question she had should be posed to Saint Anthony.

Between the lines, he was saying that His Grace didn't mention if there was any problem with Dwayne Dantes. Whether it was a lack of any detection or simply because he didn't say, that was up in the air.

Daly nodded gently as she turned her gaze toward the washroom.

On Wednesday morning, Audrey Hall, who had received an invitation, traveled by carriage to the Saint Samuel Cathedral on Phelps Street.

The Loen Charity Bursary Foundation which was about to be established was located at 22 Phelps Street. The building belonged to the Church of Evernight, so there was no need to pay any rent.

Before getting off the carriage, Audrey held the invitation and looked out at the scenery. She was filled with anticipation for the future.

She was to become a director and would work on raising funds and with external liaisons.

Chapter 873: Undetectable Communication

After entering 22 Phelps Street, Audrey instantly saw Dwayne Dantes walk out from the side corridor.

This handsome, gentlemanly man wore a black formal suit and held a gold-inlaid cane. He was speaking with a member of the foundation's staff beside him.

As though sensing Audrey's gaze, Dwayne Dantes naturally turned his head and looked at the door. Then, his eyes lit up in amazement like he had seen a treasure. Following that, he smiled and gently nodded as a greeting.

Audrey returned with a perfectly proper smile and nod. She then followed the Loen Charity Bursary Foundation's staff that came to escort her and walked up to the second floor.

Throughout this process, although she never looked in any other direction, both a woman's intuition and her instincts as a Spectator told her that Dwayne Dantes's gaze secretly followed her until the wall beside the staircase blocked his view.

Impeccable acting! He perfectly played out the reaction of what a gentleman who has zero resistance against beauties but remains sufficiently reserved and cultured would do when meeting me for the second time. It's as though we have only met once at the charity party the last time... It's exactly as I imagined. He was even able to light up his eyes...

This is a technique that's part of his Beyonder pathway, or is it an ability that he possesses to begin with? I have to say that Gehrman Sparrow, uh--I think it's better to use Mr. Gehrman Sparrow is a professional, no--an excellent actor. Furthermore, he doesn't act in an exaggerated manner like those play actors... Audrey thought admiringly before seeing a few reporters waiting to interview her about the establishment of the Loen Charity Bursary Foundation on the second floor.

She wasn't a noble lady who enjoyed having her photo plastered on the papers. As she exchanged a few words with her valet that had accompanied her to inform the reporters that pictures were forbidden by Earl Hall's authority, she went into the VIP lounge with her lady's maid, Annie.

Earl Hall was friends with the owners of a few publishing houses and had made the corresponding investments to acquire quite a bit of their shares. If Audrey so wished, she could exchange some of the estate she received in order to create a sizable publishing house.

In the VIP lounge, Audrey, who didn't find it appropriate to bring her dog, greeted the children of the rich and aristocracy, as well as the Church's clergymen. She habitually found a seat where she could see everyone, and she waited until the opening ceremony began and for the first board of directors meeting to begin.

She surveyed the area and said to the female staff that was in charge of escorting her, "Lovesa, this is my first time joining in the actual operations of a charity organization. I wish to know what we should do."

The woman named Lovesa was in her twenties. She also had blonde hair with somewhat rough skin and tanned freckles. However, her smile was brilliant, making her rather affectionate.

Upon hearing Audrey's question, Lovesa explained candidly, "The current plan is to not be too eager in widening the scale. We will start mainly with Backlund and reach deep into the public primary schools, weekday schools, and night schools, promoting the bursary to all the students and let those in need to apply to us.

"After the application, we will organize a committee to conduct a detailed review. This will not only require us to make some verifications with the government, but we would also visit them in person to understand the candidate's actual situation.

"Once the examination is over, we will disburse the bursary and help the poor who yearn for knowledge to change their fates..."

Just as Lovesa said that, a male voice filled with magnetism interjected, "I have two suggestions:

"The first suggestion is that staff are to be gathered today to head to the different weekday schools, night schools, and public primary schools to promote the bursary. June is the examination period, and it's a critical period for them to enter institutes of higher learning. If we aren't efficient enough, there will be many students from poor families that will give up taking the examination because of the lack of funds. Even if they later learn of the existence of the bursary foundation, they won't be able to withstand the loss of wasting a year. As such, they will lose the chance at changing their fate.

"What we are doing might seem simple, but it completely affects each and every child's life. Therefore, we need to begin quickly and not waste any time."

The person who was speaking was none other than Dwayne Dantes who had just entered the lounge. He expressed his thoughts with a warm but serious expression.

Ah right, June is the examination period. Be it entering grammar school or the preparations to enter university, as well as the various technical schools to gain experience in their profession, this is a critical period. Once they give up the entry examinations this time, they will have to wait till next June... I actually forgot this. Ma'am Lovesa and the foundation staff seems to have missed this problem... Mr. Dwayne Dantes actually noticed such a detail and had considered those children who are so close to giving up their dreams... He's actually a person with a gentle heart? Audrey suddenly felt that she had a new take on Dwayne Dantes--on Gehrman Sparrow.

This was a Spectator's latest observation.

A cold assassin, adventurer on the surface but has a warm heart deep down? Unfortunately, I've only been able to obtain descriptions regarding Gehrman Sparrow's crazy side. I'm unable to find any concrete proof... Audrey blinked as she carefully listened to Dwayne Dantes's suggestions.

"Second suggestion. In regards to the bursaries that are to be disbursed, it's best if it's put in the corresponding bank account. When school fees need to be paid, they can bring their documents to us to apply for a withdrawal. For relatively cheaper board and lodging, things don't have to be that troublesome. They can obtain a fixed sum of money every month or week. This is to prevent the applicant's parents and siblings from spending the money. To a poor family, this is an irresistible temptation. Similarly, an account corresponds to one person. No matter who is withdrawing it, the person has to be present. This can effectively spare people the trial of temptation."

Having said that, Klein pressed his palm to his chest and said to Audrey and Lovesa, "Sorry, pardon me for barging into your conversation."

Audrey smiled and said, "Mr. Dantes, your suggestions are excellent. You have opened my eyes to matters that I never considered before.

"The only problem is that telling us all this is pointless. I'm only listening to Ma'am Lovesa's introduction."

Lovesa smiled and said, "Yes, you should mention all of these at the first board of directors meeting."

Don't you see me deliberately coming over to convince Miss Audrey first? With Justice's part in this, I can ensure that there will be no objections from the board of directors. Otherwise, it might easily be tabled or altered by someone using some excuse such as lacking manpower... Klein adopted an enlightened, regretful expression as he rubbed his palms slightly.

"Look at me! Being all anxious about these matters and forgetting my place! Hahaha! Sometimes, I just wish that things will be made into reality once I'm given the chance."

Mr. Dwayne Dantes's acting is a little exaggerated... He should know that he can't fool me. Oh, he's doing it deliberately to communicate with me ahead of time without leaving behind any traces. He wants me to support him? Audrey instantly read his thoughts as her smile turned clearer.

Although she hadn't communicated with The World ahead of time, she believed that she would support this Tarot Club member of hers. However, being able to exchange some ideas ahead of time left her rather happy. This was because she felt that he was treating her as an equal.

After "forgiving" Dwayne Dantes's recklessness and watching the man walk to the table with beverages and pastries in the lounge, Audrey looked away and said to Lovesa, "What I'm responsible for is to raise funds at various events, and to communicate with the government and parliament?"

"That should be a simple matter for you," Lovesa answered frankly.

This was also why the Church's charity department didn't object to Audrey Hall's participation. In fact, they were very supportive of it.

Audrey nodded thoughtfully and said, "If I have the time to spare, can I join you in visiting the different schools for the promotions, as well as the examination of the candidates?"

Lovesa was originally unwilling to agree, worried that the environment wasn't suitable for Miss Audrey. But when she saw her clear green eyes and took in her request that she couldn't resist, her heart softened. She felt that such kindness shouldn't be stopped. It wasn't to be isolated from the reality of the lower class.

If Miss Audrey sees true misery and ugliness and is still willing to help the pitiful people, she will definitely be able to be of greater use. It will prevent the higher-ups from always formulating unrealistic measures... Lovesa quickly found a convincing reason as she sighed and smiled.

"No problem.

"However, you won't be able to wear such a dress or wear any jewelry."

What do I do with Lie? Turn it into a bracelet and hide it under my sleeves? Audrey thought as she replied with a smile, "Alright."

With Miss Audrey Hall's support, the Loen Charity Bursary Foundation's first board of directors meeting ended perfectly after its establishment. Klein returned to 160 Boklund Street in a good mood.

Following his usual habits, he entered his master bedroom at around two to have an afternoon nap.

In his hazy dream, Klein suddenly jolted awake and sensed something.

Someone was attempting to infiltrate his dream!

Who is it now? I'm even getting disturbed in my afternoon naps? As Klein mumbled, he made the dream transform into the half-open room with the balcony.

Then, he saw the black-haired, green-eyed Leonard with his unkempt clothes somersault through the window.

Does this fellow not know how to use the main door? Why is he suddenly here? I should remember to get his contact method... Klein sat in his reclining chair, both annoyed and amused. He looked at the poet with a leisurely expression and said, "This is an impolite way of visiting me."

When Leonard heard that, he bowed in a manner that lacked standards.

"Mr. Dantes, I have something I would like to consult you on."

Consult? That's a nice attitude. Also, it doesn't seem to be anything major... Klein secretly tsked as he said, "What's the matter?"

Leonard took a seat and considered his words before asking, "You were embroiled in Cuaron's suicide. Who do you think the real murderer is?"

If I wanted to know, I would have thrown out Frank's mushrooms! However, I can't say that I've no idea at all. That just lowers the impression he has on me... Klein was very accustomed to such situations, so he expertly laughed and, instead of answering, asked, "How were your investigations?"

Chapter 874: I Didn't Say Anything

Leonard Mitchell clasped his hands together and leaned in slightly.

"We have restored the scene Cuaron saw before his death.

"This didn't directly show the murderer, but the glass on the oriel window happened to reflect Baron Syndras's figure."

After a pause, Leonard added, "This is too simple and unconvincing. A powerful banker and noble at Baron Syndras's level wouldn't need to personally take action or be present to watch if he wants someone dead, unless he has some special fetishes.

"And as you know, there are many ways to replicate such scenes, be it via an illusion or disguise."

When he mentioned "disguise," he looked up slightly and glanced at Dwayne Dantes. It was as though he was implying that the latter's present appearance was unlikely his true appearance, just like Gehrman Sparrow and Sherlock Moriarty.

What a simple and direct way of framing someone. It's really suspect if the murderer behind the scenes really wants to frame Baron Syndras... Hmm, I should process everything from the beginning. First, assuming that I, in other words, Dwayne Dantes, act like an ordinary person... Anyway, I won't mention the conclusion and only raise questions to guide his train of thought. If the final answer isn't right, that must be because my dear poet misinterpreted it and was unable to figure out what I was getting at... Klein smiled as he raised his porcelain cup and took a sip of black tea.

"Let's not consider this problem first. If the person who wasn't embroiled in this matter wasn't me, how would the case have developed?"

Leonard raised his clasped hands slightly as he tapped his index finger.

"As a suspect, Dwayne Dantes would be remanded at the police station, but his butler, servants, neighbors, and friends will be able to testify that he has never made contact with Cuaron's family. Hence, the testimonies from both sides will contradict strongly. The police will be unable to handle it and request the Nighthawks to intervene.

"Using mediumship means, we will see the scene Cuaron had before committing suicide; thus, obtaining Baron Syndras's figure..."

As he spoke, Leonard suddenly fell silent. After a few minutes, he continued speaking under Dwayne Dantes's smiling gaze.

"Regardless of the unconvincing, odd, and simplistic nature of the clue involving Baron Syndras, we will follow protocol and make contact with him and begin the relevant investigations... And this will lead to certain problems related to him being noticed by us?

"Baron Syndras is involved in matters involving the Beyonder domain, so he can't stand up to further scrutiny from the Nighthawks?"

The more Leonard spoke, the more certain he became. It was as though he had figured out the mastermind's line of thought.

He, or they, might not care if their trap is seen through. As long as they get the Nighthawks to do a routine investigation on him, their goal will be achieved. This is because Baron Syndras hides a rather serious and easily discoverable problem!

Yes, that's the same conclusion I have. This is actually closer to raising the alarm through a tip-off, but it's milder. It looks like a trap that will make the Nighthawks definitely investigate things while hiding their existence... Of course, I won't directly acknowledge your guess. Wouldn't it be awkward if I was actually wrong? Klein crossed his right leg over his left and laughed.

"Baron Syndras, who has been alerted, definitely won't show any problems now."

Leonard slowly nodded and said as though explaining to himself, "This baron's experiences are rather legendary. He has been pushed to the brink of bankruptcy a few times, but he managed to turn the tide and ended up reaching a new height.

"Perhaps, in one of these instances, he had sold his soul to the devil, an evil god, or some other secret existence out of desperation?

That is a reasonably constructed story... Klein didn't comment on the accuracy of Leonard's guess before asking, "On the other hand, how would the Nighthawks treat the real murderer that led to Cuaron's suicide?"

Leonard temporarily put aside all his previous thoughts, and he began following the train of thought based on an "ordinary development."

"The designed trap is too crude. The cuing, guidance, and memory implants were done in an insufficiently concealed and mild manner. It's easy for people to discover problems. Therefore, it's unlikely to be done by Mid- or High-Sequence Beyonders from the Spectator pathway. It looks more like it was done by a Beyonder from another pathway who relied on a mystical item to pose as a Spectator..."

Before he finished his sentence, Leonard fell into silence again; his thoughts unreadable.

Klein maintained his faint smile as he calmly looked at the poet. It was as though he had everything under control, but he wasn't going to say a thing. Everything depended on what Leonard figured out.

This is very similar to what Old Man said from before... Is it really done by some Mid- or High-Sequence Beyonder from the Spectator pathway? His seemingly crude and flawed setup was actually a precise consideration of everyone's reaction. Everyone's response at every step was taken into consideration, with the only mistake stemming from Dwayne Dantes's experience and wisdom? Leonard felt that he had already figured out the truth as he got up and coughed gently.

"Thank you for your advice."

Klein immediately chortled and said, "I didn't say anything."

Without waiting for Leonard's response, he said, "Your former colleague got me to ask you how he should inform you if he were to discover traces of Ince Zangwill."

Leonard, who had planned on getting up to bid farewell, sat back down. Colored with a complicated expression, he said after more than ten seconds of silence, "Pass the information in the form of a letter to 7 Pinster Street."

This means that he won't be leaving Backlund anytime soon? Or is it that no matter how far he goes to carry out missions, he will have the means to monitor 7 Pinster Street and read the letter remotely? It might be the latter assumption. A Marauder pathway's angel definitely has many magical secret techniques. Leonard can definitely use one of them... I can't ask, or else it will lower Dwayne Dantes's level and destroy my setting... Klein wore an unperturbed expression as he said with a smile, "I'll inform him."

Leonard didn't immediately leave as he opened his mouth, paused, and asked, "If I wish to contact him, how should I do it?"

His green eyes were deep as they spoke volumes when he asked.

Klein was already prepared, so he said with a smile, "The spirit that wanders about the unfounded, the friendly creature that can be subordinated, the messenger that belongs to Gehrman Sparrow.

"You can ask Pallez about the exact ritual if you aren't too sure."

Leonard knew that Gehrman Sparrow was Sherlock Moriarty who was also Klein Moretti. He nodded indiscernibly and stood up.

"Thank you for informing me. Please pardon me for my intrusion."

With that said, he retreated to the door, opened it, and left the dream.

Hey, you left just like that? As a Nightmare, or as a former Nightmare, shouldn't you consider how there might be problems with your memory? You remembered it just from hearing it once? You aren't putting enough weight on this matter! Klein couldn't help but lampoon when he saw Leonard's figure disappear.

He shook his head in exasperation, ended his afternoon nap, and began busying himself over the matter regarding West Balam.

On the Golden Dream, Danitz, who had finally finished his mission, drank some iced light beer because of the recent hot weather.

If it wasn't because the creation of ice needed Beyonder powers, and that there wasn't much to go around, he felt that he could finish half a bucket of ice in one go.

"That's what I call life!" Danitz guzzled the remaining liquid in his cup.

At this moment, he saw grayish-white fog appear before him as Gehrman Sparrow's voice began echoing in his ears:

"Please inform Danitz that he is to immediately head to West Balam. Figure out the situation of the areas under the control of the two native generals, Maysanchez and Katamia. He should take special note of any signs of Rose School of Thought activity..."

H-head to West Balam? With a cup in hand, Danitz stammered Gehrman Sparrow's request repeatedly.

He had once headed there with the Golden Dream crew to seek out treasure. He had also obtained rather detailed intel from his captain; therefore, he knew how chaotic and dangerous West Balam was.

Furthermore, I have to go alone! Danitz uttered a sound as he felt his future turn bleak.

Primitive forests with all kinds of hidden and terrifying creatures, native tribes who believed in Death and had all sorts of peculiarities, paths filled with bandits and rebel armies, villages with wraiths and shadows haunting them, and cities that had gunfights or even Beyonder battles surfaced in his mind.

No, I have to say no to Gehrman Sparrow. Say no... He should at least send me a helper! Eh... Ordinary people can survive in West Balam and become rich, having their own manors. This means that it's not as horrifying as I imagine it to be. I'm just frightening myself... Besides, Gehrman Sparrow just requested me to figure out the situation, not to contact anyone... Danitz quickly forced a smile and requested Mr. Fool to inform Gehrman Sparrow that he would immediately take action.

Then, following Gehrman Sparrow's instructions, he set up a bestowment ritual to pray to Mr. Fool.

When the ritual came to an end, he saw an illusory door open. A dark golden Sunbird-shaped brooch flew out, landing on the altar.

Sun Brooch!

In the Southern Continent, in a kingdom once ruled by Death, the Sun pathway was one of the most effective Beyonder pathways!

Giving me such a precious item outright... It's not bad working for Gehrman Sparrow... However, he said something about it being borrowed? Danitz picked up the brooch and felt his surroundings turn hot and humid.

After handing out a mission to Danitz, Klein was just about to open the door to instruct Richardson to get him a cup of iced water when he felt his spiritual perception trigger.

Immediately, he activated his Spirit Vision and saw Reinette Tinekerr walk out of the void. She held the four blonde, red-eyed heads in her hand, with one of them having a letter in its mouth.

Who's it from? Leonard? Klein reached out his right hand in suspicion.

Chapter 875: Mummy

7 Pinster Street. Leonard Mitchell came to his desk and unfolded a piece of paper.

He then picked up a fountain pen and lowered his wrist in preparation to write.

However, just as he dipped a dark blue spot onto the paper, his fountain pen paused. He attempted to move his wrist in order to write a few times, but all his attempts ended up stopping due to hesitation.

He raised his wrist, lowered the fountain pen, and repeated this action again and again. Finally, he froze his wrist in midair.

Pa! Leonard threw down his fountain pen, crumpled the piece of paper, and accurately threw it into the trash can.

At 160 Boklund Street, Klein received a thin letter from one of Miss Messenger Reinette Tinekerr's heads.

He weighed it in his hand, and only after his spiritual intuition didn't send him any warnings did he tear it open and retrieve the letter inside.

There was only one page, bearing two lines of text written in neat, beautiful handwriting:

"I have something that will require your help. Let's discuss it in detail, face-to-face.

"Sharron"

So it's Miss Sharron... Klein had his questions answered as he took out a gold coin and did a simple divination in front of Reinette Tinekerr. Then, he took out another piece of paper and wrote one word:

"Tonight."

After he folded the letter, he asked Miss Messenger as he handed it to her, "Can you still locate her?"

If it wasn't possible, he planned on giving her Sharron's mailing address.

Hillston Borough, 126 Garde Street, Ma'am Maryam.

"Yes..." One of Reinette Tinekerr's blonde, red-eyed heads gave an answer.

The head then opened its mouth and bit down on the letter.

After Miss Messenger vanished from the room, Klein immediately held a ritual, planning to bring Creeping Hunger back to the real world from above the gray fog. He then planned on Traveling to the various archipelagos in search of a lucky pirate.

Creeping Hunger hadn't been sealed yet, so it still required feeding once a day. All Klein could do was barely use it, feeding it whenever he needed to use it. He would then throw it back above the gray fog when the next feeding time was at hand. He wasn't planning on making up for the difference.

If Creeping Hunger dares to make a fuss about it, I'll feed it mushrooms! After ending the ritual and clearing up the scene, Klein wore the thin human-skinned glove, turning his body translucent until he vanished from his spot.

He had his dinner, and after waiting for Creeping Hunger to finish its howling above the gray fog, Klein went to retrieve it by using the excuse of having an upset stomach to enter the bathroom. He then used this opportunity to Teleport to the area outside the Bravehearts Bar in the Backlund Bridge area.

During this process, he had already changed his appearance, turning into the black-haired, mustached, and bespectacled detective, Sherlock Moriarty.

Bending his back and rolling up his pant legs, Klein gave a self-deprecating laugh. He lowered his hat and nudged open the heavy wooden door to step into the bar.

After asking the bartender, he held a cup of Southville beer and went to Billiard Room 3 where he knocked on the locked door.

Knock! Knock! Knock! Amidst the rhythmic knock, the door creaked open a tiny gap.

The red-eyed Ian poked his head out before breaking out into a smile.

"Sir, please come on in."

As the weather was turning warm, he no longer wore his old coat. Instead, he wore a simple linen shirt.

Klein nodded with a smile and quickly entered the billiard room where he took in the surroundings almost instantly.

Maric, with his hair a little messy, was wearing a white shirt, black vest, and black pants. He was holding a cue and had his back bent to play billiards.

Perhaps deeply mindful of the trouble he had caused Sherlock Moriarty, he didn't summon his zombies to play cards with him.

"Long time no see," Klein greeted first.

Meanwhile, Sharron, with her small black bonnet and black, regal gown, appeared beside the billiard table, sitting on a high stool.

"Good evening, Ma'am." Klein moved his gaze over and bowed with a smile.

Sharron seemed to float up as she stood up before raising the hem of her skirt to do a slight bow as a polite response. As for Maric, he lowered his cue stick and said in a gruff voice, "From the looks of it, you're still in Backlund."

His face was as pale as ever, but the evil look in his brown eyes had lessened significantly. It seemed to be evidence of the effective temperance he had in recent times.

His acquisition of the Scarlet Lunar Corona prevented him from almost breaking down on every full moon, so much so that he didn't need to frequently switch to new types of sedatives.

Klein didn't directly answer Maric. Instead, he walked to the billiard table and put down his beer. Smiling, he said, "I'm very sorry. I was planning to sell a Wraith Beyonder characteristic to you, but unfortunately it was lost."

Sharron's blue eyes didn't move, nor did she probe for a reason. All she asked was a simple, "Are you alright?"

She knew that the Wraith Beyonder characteristic Sherlock Moriarty mentioned belonged to Admiral of Blood Senor. And he was also Sherlock Moriarty's marionette. By losing the Wraith Beyonder characteristic, it also meant the loss or destruction of his marionette. This was a significant loss for such a Beyonder.

"I'm still alright. At least I didn't suffer any harm," Klein said with a sighing smile.

"No wonder I didn't see Senor this time..." Maric muttered in realization.

Maric and Miss Sharron don't seem too bothered about the lack of that Wraith Beyonder characteristic... They have other means or methods to acquire one? Klein sharply grasped this point and switched to asking, "Is there something this time?"

Maric immediately glanced at Ian. The staid teenager didn't ask further as he quickly left the billiard room and closed the door.

Sharron's doll-like face didn't show any emotion as she allowed Maric to speak.

"Tomorrow, there will be a ship from the Southern Continent arriving in Pritz Harbor. It is intimately tied to the Loen army.

"This ship carries with it treasure and relics plundered from the Star Highlands, Paz Valley, and Haagenti Plains. Among them is a mummy. It's the 19th king of the ancient Haagenti Plains, Tutanssess II.

"The Southern Continent's original language didn't stem from ancient Feysacian. It had its own structure. In the ancient highlander language, 'King' also has the special term, 'Kadiev.' It was translated by Emperor Roselle as Pharaoh. It's a mystery what he was thinking. Also, 'Mummy' was named by him too. In short, the meaning of Pharaoh is the son of God, king of humans.

"Tutanssess II was once a High-Sequence Beyonder. However, after his death, the corresponding characteristic was taken away, leaving only his corpse behind to be made into a mummy.

"To other Beyonders, this is a material filled with spirituality, an excellent choice for creating a zombie. But to us, it has another meaning, a very important meaning. Our goal this time is to obtain that Tutanssess II mummy."

Another meaning? The corpse of a High-Sequence Beyonder without any Beyonder characteristic. Apart from using it as a material, there's another meaning to it? Klein's heart stirred as he suddenly thought of Ma'am Hermit's request to purchase a drop of Mythical Creature blood.

Could it be the ritual requirement to go from Sequence 5 Wraith to Sequence 4 Puppet? Miss Sharron already has the formula and has digested the Wraith potion? From the way she acts, she's practically acting as a Wraith all the time. Who knows, she might've digested it a long time ago... However, when we were in the underground ruin talking to the evil spirit, it was evident that she didn't possess the Puppet potion formula. Yes, everyone has their own circles. It's not strange for her to be able to obtain it... Klein swept his gaze over Sharron while in thought, but he failed to discover any obvious changes from before. She was still more like a doll than a living person. However, she didn't show any signs of being even darker and creepier.

Sharron silently sat there and watched Sherlock Moriarty and Maric intently, listening to their conversation.

"If it's just a High-Sequence mummy without a Beyonder characteristic, the level of protection can't be too high. Just the two of you shouldn't find it difficult to snatch it away." Klein voiced his doubt.

From his point of view, a Sequence 5 Beyonder could be considered quite a powerhouse. Unless the ship had a demigod escorting it, it was very difficult for Beyonders at the same level to put up any effective resistance if her target was solely a mummy. After all, there were too many items the Beyonder guards had to look out for. Furthermore, they might be scattered in different cabins due to the different means of storage.

This time, it was Sharron's turn to provide the explanation. She used her succinct manner of speech as usual.

"We're worried that it's a trap the Rose School of Thought is using to target us.

"If there's nothing, 1,000 pounds. If there's something, we will be in charge of drawing attention while you take away the mummy. Depending on the level of danger, it will range from 5,000 to 10,000 pounds."

I see... Klein didn't immediately reply as he thought and asked, "Do you know of Spirit World Plunderers?"

A Wraith was also a type of Beyonder who could effectively move through the spirit world.

Sharron nodded slightly and said, "I can use the cash and the relevant information about Spirit World Plunderers as payment."

Klein tersely acknowledged.

"I'll consider it. I'll write to you before midnight."

As an excellent Seer, he would head above the gray fog to confirm the level of danger regardless of what it was. However, he could confirm that this was definitely not a trap targeted at him since he had no need for a mummy.

"Alright," Sharron replied with a deadpan expression.

Klein didn't immediately bid them farewell as he walked to the door and informed Ian to enter. He then asked, "Has there been any noteworthy news recently?"

Ian thought for a moment and mentioned pieces of information that were relatively important.

"Someone is trying to find out about the organization that believes in The Fool..."

Klein was somewhat surprised as he asked with a smile, "A young man with black hair and green eyes?"

He suspected that it was Leonard Mitchell.

Ian shook his head.

"No, black hair and black eyes."

Some mister from the Aurora Order? Klein considered for a moment before asking, "Can you draw who it is?"

"..." Ian was taken aback before saying self-deprecatingly, "You might never be able to recognize him if that's the case."

At this moment, Sharron said, "I can help you."

"Alright." Ian first heaved a sigh of relief before following the instructions to prepare a rather simple ritual.

Then, his body trembled as he drew a sketch while being possessed by a Wraith:

It was a young man with curly black hair, black eyes, a wide forehead, and a thin face while wearing a monocle.

Amon!

Blasphemer Amon!

Chapter 876: Art of Diverting Trouble

Amon!

Klein's pupils constricted, and although he looked normal on the surface, he tensed up significantly with his heart churning with waves of alarm.

Although he had kept using Amon to scare the grandpa in Leonard's body, as well as the Marauder pathway demigod beside Hazel, he was only using the name. He never expected that this Blasphemer, a King of Angels, would arrive in Backlund so quickly. "He" was even looking for the organization that believed in The Fool!

In fact, although it's surprising, it's understandable. With Backlund having an angel and demigod of the Marauder pathway, it's only a matter of time before Amon arrives based on the law of Beyonder characteristics convergence... The only problem is that "He" has been searching for something in the Forsaken Land of the Gods for so many years, so it's unlikely he would suddenly abandon his search. Besides, "His" mausoleum in the outskirts of Backlund has been destroyed by the Machinery Hivemind, making it difficult for "Him" to come and go as he pleases... Therefore, this isn't "His" main body, but an avatar? An avatar that exists in the Northern Continent? Hmm, an angel of the Marauder pathway should be good at using Worms of Time to create avatars. Amon must be stronger than "Them"... Klein's thoughts raced as fast as lightning as he gradually came to a certain conclusion.

At times, he even suspected that the Mythical Creature of the Marauder pathway was a bunch of Worms of Time that combined together via a certain method.

As a Marauder pathway's King of Angels before the Cataclysm, Amon definitely knows what the name "The Fool" means and can detect the corresponding aura... "He" might even wish to steal control over the gray fog... "He" came here for The Fool this time. This is really going to be a headache... After his initial shock, Klein gradually composed himself.

What he was most afraid of now was that he would end up encountering Blasphemer Amon because of the law of Beyonder characteristics convergence. And Amon was clearly able to detect his uniqueness. When that happens, it might not even cause a stir before the so-called The Fool had to consider if he could be resurrected. After all, this was a King of Angels, an existence just second to a true god. Furthermore, the Marauder pathway was always known for their deceit and concealment. Amon wasn't necessarily afraid to take action, even in Backlund. Perhaps stealing the fate of others was a strength of "His."

From the looks of it, temporarily leaving Backlund to head for West Balam might not be a bad choice... Anyway, the biggest problem stems from myself. If I had already advanced and become a Bizarro Sorcerer, I'll be able to hide the gray fog's aura. Even if I encounter Amon, I won't have to be afraid of exposing anything... Klein drew a silent breath as he once again felt a sense of urgency.

He needed to quickly push open the door to Sequence 4, change his existence, and become a demigod!

For this, he needed to work harder, be it making another marionette, acting at a deeper level to speed up his digestion, or gathering the corresponding ingredients!

Phew... Backlund really is a terrifying place. If Ouroboros hasn't left, or if he has already returned, just the ones I know would number four, no--five angels, including two Kings of Angels! I haven't included the royal family and military who use Backlund as their base. I haven't included the underground evil spirit whose whereabouts are unknown. A former King of Angels that fused with the wills of two other angels... If the Rose School of Thought's Abomination Suah comes in pursuit of Gehrman Sparrow, that would really be a bustle. This would be nothing compared to the demigod-level battle outside Bayam City... Klein looked at the sketch drawn by Ian as he vaguely shook his head.

"Okay, got it."

He shook his head. To Ian and Maric, he had said so because he didn't know the monocled man, but in fact, he was expressing his exasperation.

"I'll have to leave. I'll reply to you before midnight." Klein took off his hat and bowed, slowly walking out of the billiard room. He then teleported back to 160 Boklund Street from a secluded alley outside the Bravehearts Bar.

Inside his master bedroom, the first thing he considered wasn't Miss Sharron's and Maric's request, but on how he was to deal with the problems that Amon brought with "Him".

In such aspects, being rather experienced, he quickly came up with an idea.

It was to find something for Amon to do to draw "His" attention away!

As for what that was, it was definitely something "He" found irresistible, something that he would definitely be interested in; for example, an angel from the Marauder pathway, Pallez Zoroast!

Perhaps this was key to Amon's ability to become a Sequence 0 true god. It would be something far more important than finding the organization that believed in The Fool.

Of course, Klein definitely wouldn't directly sell out Leonard's grandpa, because "He" had yet to show any ill intent to date.

His thoughts were simple. It was to inform this matter to Pallez Zoroast that Amon was already in Backlund. He wanted to see the reaction of the angel who had survived since the Fourth Epoch; then, he would follow up based on the situation.

If that grandpa is helpless against Amon who's likely only an avatar, he can only get Leonard to use the excuse of a mission to leave Backlund to hide from Amon. As for me, I'll have to bring forward my trip to West Balam. I'll just say that it has something important to do with my network. I'll secretly teleport back for the placenta blood when Snake of Fate Will Auceptin is born... Klein arrived at a decision as he took out a piece of paper and wrote:

"Amon has arrived."

Folding the letter and putting it into an envelope, Klein took out the adventurer's harmonica and blew hard.

When Reinette Tinekerr appeared, he took out a gold coin from his pocket and pressed it on the envelope.

This was one of the ten gold coins that he had gotten Richardson to exchange for him in the afternoon. It was to maintain Dwayne Dantes's image as someone equal to someone at the level of Pallez Zoroast. Even when Klein informed Leonard Mitchell of the method of contact, he didn't inform him that the payment of a gold coin was needed.

This shows that face is something you buy with money... As Klein sighed, he said to Miss Messenger who was wearing a dark, complicated dress.

"Send the letter to 7 Pinster Street. Oh, just throw it into the mailbox. There's no need to send it to the addressee."

As he wasn't certain of Pallez Zoroast's true intentions and character, Klein wished to hide more of his trump cards in front of "Him"; therefore, before Leonard wrote to Klein Moretti, he had no plans on letting the poet see Miss Messenger.

The blonde, red-eyed head in Reinette Tinekerr's left hand was raised up as it sucked the letter and gold coin into its mouth. However, she didn't immediately disappear. Instead, she floated in place, looking at Klein silently with all eight eyes.

"What's wrong?" Klein was taken aback before coming up with a guess. He asked with an odd expression, "You don't know where 7 Pinster Street is?"

Only then did he recall that a messenger's delivery of letters depended on their mysticism-based location. It was based on the person they contracted with and people they had formerly delivered letters to. Therefore, once the latter left a detectable range, the messenger would not be able to find them.

Upon hearing Klein's question, two of Reinette Tinekerr's heads nodded in unison, indicating that she didn't know.

Klein immediately coughed lightly, pulled out the drawer, and took out a map of Backlund. He then used a fountain pen to circle out North Borough. Following that, he circled Pinster Street.

"When you're here, you will see the unit number on the buildings." Klein folded the map and handed it over.

The head in Reinette Tinekerr's right hand immediately opened its mouth and bit down on the map. Then, her figure phased away and entered the spirit world.

Upon seeing this, Klein heaved a sigh of relief. He turned and walked out of his master bedroom and headed for the half-open room with the balcony to read the papers and magazines.

Late into the night, he took four steps counterclockwise before soaking into the bathtub and entering the mysterious space above the gray fog.

"Helping Sharron and Maric obtain the Tutanssess II mummy is dangerous." Klein took off the topaz pendant on his left wrist and let it hang to perform a divination.

This time, the spirit pendulum rotated clockwise with a weak amplitude and relatively slow frequency.

This means that the danger isn't too great... Furthermore, even if it's a trap targeted at Miss Sharron and Maric, there's no need for the present me to be too afraid... Klein beckoned with his hand as he made a translucent miniature black crystal card fly to him.

This was the Fate Siphon charm.

Klein had used a Worm of Time to create a demigod-level high-level charm!

Right on the heels of that, he summoned Creeping Hunger and the Sea God Scepter. Wearing the former, he picked up the latter and recorded Lightning Storm and Hurricane.

The mutated and upgraded Creeping Hunger could use Mr. X's soul and characteristic to record two demigod-level Beyonder powers that didn't exceed Sequence 3. With this, Klein no longer needed to borrow Leymano's Travels anymore. Furthermore, it was more convenient. After all, flipping a spellbook affected his use of Death Knell and the Fate Siphon charm, unless he grew another two hands.

After making his preparations, Klein returned to the real world, pulled out a piece of paper and wrote simply:

"Exact time, location, and plan."

At 1 a.m., Leonard, who had slept two hours, woke up energetically. He prepared to leave 7 Pinster Street and head for the Saint Samuel Cathedral's basement.

Just as he stepped out the door, he suddenly had his spiritual intuition trigger before he subconsciously cast his gaze to the side.

A look of puzzlement flashed in his eyes as he walked over and opened the mailbox.

During dinner, he had cleared the newspapers, bills, and letters inside. Typically, there wouldn't be any items in the mailbox until daybreak. After all, the mailmen would've clocked off work and returned home. However, at this moment, there was a thin letter waiting silently at the bottom of the mailbox.

"Old Man, you didn't inform me of a new letter," Leonard said softly as he picked up the letter.

The slightly aged voice in his mind replied, "The person didn't enter."

Leonard knew that Old Man's senses were limited to his body; hence, he didn't speak further. He tore open the envelope and took out the letter, flicking it flat.

The letter was mostly empty with just one short line:

"Amon has arrived."

Amon has arrived... Leonard's pupils dilated immediately.

At the same time, he heard the Parasite in him gasp for the first time.

Chapter 877: Whose Trap

Towards Amon, Leonard didn't have a strong, direct impression of him. All he knew was that it was the most feared enemy of the Parasite in his body. "He" was the culprit that left this mysterious and powerful Old Man injured to this day. Therefore, he quickly calmed down and asked with a suppressed voice, "What do we do now?"

In his mind, the slightly-aged voice sounded after three seconds.

"The one that came probably isn't Amon's actual body but one of 'His' avatars."

"He"... Indeed, Blasphemer Amon is an angel, and probably a Sequence 1 angel. After all, Old Man is suspected to be a Grounded Angel... As Leonard absorbed the information to verify his theories, he listened to Pallez Zoroast continue, "If Amon's actual body appears in Backlund, it might very well cause a deity's descent."

A deity's descent? How many years has it been since something like this happened? Since the Fifth Epoch, occurrences like these were legends that were recorded in the internal canon. They had never publicly happened before! Could this mean that, even among Sequence 1s, Amon is one of the most powerful existences? It's no wonder "He" is called a Blasphemer... In just a few words, Leonard came to realize how terrifying the angel named Amon was.

Standing in front of the mailbox, his thoughts wandered when he suddenly had an idea. He hurriedly suppressed his voice and said, "Since Amon has such importance placed on him by the deities, shouldn't we try to find a way to inform the Church of the news of 'His' appearance in Backlund..."

From Leonard's point of view, The Church of Evernight and Storm, which was born in an earlier epoch and existed through the entire Fourth Epoch, had rich experience in resisting angels. They were the best choice at dealing with Amon.

In his mind, Pallez Zoroast chortled.

"It's useless. It might even be something Amon wishes to accomplish.

"To 'Him,' it's just a loss of an avatar. It will just waste a bit of his strength but not deal 'Him' any actual harm. And 'He' can use the death of 'His' avatar to see the corresponding changes in fate. From that, he will be able to see the source of the stir or the creation of the waves. Although this doesn't allow 'Him' to directly lock onto you and me, he will be able to greatly reduce the circle, creating the conditions for 'His' actual body to deal a lethal blow.

"Besides, do you think there will only be one avatar of Amon in Backlund?

"Based on 'His' habits and style, 'He' might only have one avatar that 'He' doesn't hide, but in fact, surrounding this 'beacon' are several, dozens, or even more than a hundred avatars.

"When we attempt to eliminate the one that's out in the open, it might very well be the case that a few, dozens, or more than a hundred Amons will appear from every spot. 'He' could be a passerby, a bird on the roof, an ant on the ground, and 'He' could also be an insect in wooden logs, microbes in the air. One who isn't a demigod wouldn't notice it even if 'His' avatar invades their bodies..."

As he listened to Old Man's detailed description, Leonard felt a chill run through his back. He suddenly had a feeling that the surrounding air was filled with countless Amons.

"You're afraid now?" Pallez Zoroast chuckled. "If you understand how Amon can steal away your fate without showing any anomalies, you will be even more terrified."

"What do you mean by stealing away my fate?" Leonard asked, feeling wary and puzzled.

Pallez's old voice sighed.

"He will follow you back. Then, you'll discover that your parents will be making 'Him' their son. Your wife will view 'Him' as her husband. Your child will treat 'Him' as their father. Your friends, everyone you know, will treat 'Him' as you. And you will be the unlucky one. You will lose all connection with the real world and slowly die."

"... Would such a theft be permanent?" Leonard couldn't help but draw a gasp.

Pallez Zoroast sniggered.

"Before a thief is caught, will he volunteer to return what he stole?

"Unless 'He' has had enough fun with it."

Leonard instantly fell silent. He felt that an enemy at Amon's level was no longer someone one could defend themselves against but was completely unfathomable.

After a few seconds, he asked, hardly being able to hide his hoarse voice, "Then what do we do?"

He didn't share his own thoughts because they were most likely unpragmatic.

Pallez Zoroast fell silent for a moment before saying, "Let's watch and see."

Inside the Bravehearts Bar.

Maric was waiting at Billiard Room 3 according to the agreement.

Since Sherlock Moriarty had agreed to provide help, discussing the operation's details face-to-face was necessary.

It wasn't something that could be figured out via an exchange of letters.

Guzzling down a mouthful of beer, Maric raised his hand to comb his hair. His pale face was drained of the color of blood. The demented look on his face was much less pronounced than before.

At this moment, his heart stirred. He looked up to the side and saw a figure in a top hat and formal suit outlined quickly. It was none other than Sherlock Moriarty.

Teleport? Maric's heart palpitated as his pupils constricted. He instinctively raised his level of wariness.

This wasn't because he didn't trust Sherlock Moriarty, but a natural reaction for a creature when facing a higher existence on the food chain.

At the same time, he noticed through the corner of his eye that Sharron's doll-like figure had appeared on the high stool.

Klein pressed down his hat and bowed at the two. He said with a smile, "What I'm most concerned about is how much intelligence you have.

"If there's sufficient intel, the chances of success will be higher and the risks lower.

"Let me raise a simple example. Do you believe that Tutanssess II's mummy doesn't have any problems? Can you confirm which coffin it is in? If you can, I can teleport over before the guards react, traveling with it through the spirit world. That way, the problem will be resolved."

Just as Maric tried recalling, he heard Sharron say in a calm tone, "It can be confirmed which coffin it is, but we cannot confirm if there are any problems with it."

Klein nodded and pulled a chair over to sit.

"Apart from that, what else do you know?"

Sharron's blue eyes moved slightly.

"It might be a trap by the Rose School of Thought, or it might be a trap by the Loen military."

You didn't mention the second guess previously... That's right, before obtaining any confirmation of cooperating together, even I wouldn't divulge too much... Klein thought as he questioned, targeting the latter point.

"A trap meant for the Rose School of Thought?"

Maric answered this time. He said in detail, "In the ancient Highlands Kingdom, creating a mummy was the tradition for an esteemed person. It's considered sacred, and the Pharaoh's mummy is not something to be blasphemed against. Back then, before the Loen, Intis, and Feynapotter allied forces attacked this kingdom, the Pharaoh's descendants had moved the most important batch of mummies, including the remains of the Pharaohs of past dynasties.

"This time, one of the Highlands' rebel armies had their secret base stormed. The Loen army found the Tutanssess II mummy at the lowest level and plan on delivering it to Backlund to hand it to an unknown military organization for research.

"To the Pharaoh's descendants, this is an insult of the greatest order. They have a sufficient motive to snatch Tutanssess II's mummy back. And among these descendants, there's a demigod named Mahmosi. He's both one of the main leaders of the rebel army and is also an important member of the Rose School of Thought. He's the student of Abomination Suah."

Klein nodded slightly and answered, "That is to say that Tutanssess II's mummy might be bait for the Loen army to fish out Mahmosi. Of course, this doesn't exclude the possibility that the Rose School of Thought is deliberately sacrificing a Pharaoh's remains to eliminate you."

He originally wanted to say that as a Sequence 6 and 5, there was no need for the Rose School of Thought to go to such an extent. But when he recalled that the present main faction of the Rose School of Thought was "indulgence," with them not holding back when it came to their desire for revenge, he believed that he couldn't make a decision using an ordinary person's point of view.

Furthermore, Miss Sharron and Maric were able to escape the Mother Tree of Desire's restrictions and successfully escape from the Rose School of Thought. Apart from luck, they might have someone supporting them in secret... If there is such a person, that person is definitely a target the Rose School of Thought wants to be uprooted... Klein's mind naturally formulated these thoughts, but he didn't say it out loud.

"Yes," Maric said as he rubbed the corners of his eyes. The large amount of words he said had made him feel perturbed both in mind and desire.

Klein thought for a moment before saying, "If it's the former, the situation might be more troublesome than I imagined.

"To deal with a demigod, a demigod with companions, the Loen army will have at least two Beyonders at the same combat level as Mahmosi lying in ambush. Apart from that, they will definitely have some redundancies to prevent any accidents. For example, they will prepare a Grade O Sealed Artifact. In short, if this isn't near Backlund or made into a joint operation with the three Churches, it might not be possible to so easily set up such a trap."

Sharron's chin moved slightly as she nodded in agreement with Sherlock Moriarty's judgment.

Klein didn't emphasize the difficulty as he said, "Therefore, we have to obtain more accurate and detailed intel. From that, we can make more targeted preparations. This will allow us to achieve our goals."

Without waiting for Sharron and Maric to say a word, he added, "I know of a secret existence for magic mirror divination. 'He' strictly adheres to a principle of reciprocity. If you do not mind your privacy or actions that will bring about intense humiliation, you can obtain answers to many questions from 'Him.'

"Are you willing to try?

"I'll perform the summoning."

In dark divination, whoever did the summoning typically suffered the greatest risk.

"What happens if I refuse to divulge my private matters or reject doing such actions?" Maric asked with narrowed eyes.

Klein sincerely replied, "You'll suffer a lightning strike, causing considerable damage."

Lightning strike... Maric originally believed that with a Zombie's toughness, it wasn't too big a problem to suffer any direct damage, but he had never expected it to be lightning which was relatively strong against the dead.

He hesitated for a moment and glanced at Sharron. After receiving an affirmative nod, he exhaled and said, "Okay."

Klein didn't speak further. He took out a piece of paper from his pocket as he instructed, "Prepare a mirror."

Just as he said that, a palm-sized makeup mirror appeared on the billiard table.

A regal-styled makeup mirror... Klein glanced at it and drew a symbol that was a mixture of concealment and mystery prying.

Chapter 878: Arrodes's Question

With Klein finishing his final stroke, the lights in Billiard Room 3 dimmed.

On the dainty makeup mirror, aqueous patterns rippled out before turning into a dark scene.

Immediately, one bloody word after another appeared: "Raise your questions."

This scene was filled with a sense of supernatural horror. Even though standing there was a Wraith and a Zombie, they couldn't help but feel overwhelmed as they momentarily didn't dare say a word.

Only Klein continued wearing a smile as though he was accustomed to all of this.

He had previously exhorted Arrodes to not raise questions that were too difficult or private, and also to not act like a servant. If it wasn't because Sharron and Maric could ask much more targeted questions as a result of understanding the situation better, Klein was more inclined to handling it himself and not exposing the reality of having such a "helper."

After a few seconds of silence, Maric took two steps forward, came to the billiard table, and opened his mouth.

At this moment, Sharron's gentle but emotionless voice sounded:

"I'll ask the questions."

Without waiting for Maric to answer, she floated up into a standing position and looked at the mirror.

"Is the Tutanssess II mummy a trap that the Loen military set up to target the Rose School of Thought?"

The mirror's blood-red words melted away and slid down, dragging away the stains, barely leaving two words behind which wriggled to form:

"That's right."

It is indeed a trap the Loen military set up for the Rose School of Thought. We can tentatively eliminate the situation that it's a plot the Rose School of Thought has to target Miss Sharron and Maric. After all, the risk involved exceeds the value of a Sequence 5 and 6 combined. Even if the Rose School of Thought can't curb their desire for revenge, they wouldn't be this crazy; unless, they were already planning on dealing with the Loen military and decided to involve this matter as well. If that's the case, the best place to have such a matter unfold would be in the Southern Continent or at sea, and not somewhere in the vicinity of Backlund. Who knows what kind of terrifying fellows are hidden here... Amidst his thoughts, Klein saw the surface of the mirror turn dark again as new blood-colored words appeared:

"Based on the principle of reciprocity, it's my turn to ask a question.

"If you answer wrong or lie, you will be punished."

Rather obedient. He didn't make the request of doing artistic actions... Looking at the billiard table, Klein nodded indiscernibly.

At this moment, the words from before slowly vanished, presenting new words:

"You...

As the bloody word froze for a full three seconds, it followed up:

"are to answer with the relationship between the Chained God and the Mother Tree of Desire."

For some reason, Klein felt that the remaining parts of the sentence had its blood-colored text darken significantly. Thankfully, the question wasn't too out of place, and it was something he would like to know.

Sharron looked at the mirror and replied without expression, "Since the Fifth Epoch, after the perishing of Death, the Eggers family gradually lost control over the Star Highlands and Paz Valley, allowing those places to have their own Beyonder organization, the Rose School of Thought.

"In the beginning, there wasn't the Mother Tree of Desire, only the Chained God. The Rose School of Thought advocated temperance and established a religious ritual system, including laws. Formal members led ascetic lives to deal with the repercussions of receiving powers.

"One day, a divine revelation added terms about indulgence. Many people slowly changed and restored ancient but bloody primitive sacrificial traditions. Later, the School of Thought's upper echelons began secretly calling the Chained God the manifestation of the Mother Tree of Desire."

By the sound of it, the Chained God was corrupted by the Mother Tree of Desire bit by bit or replaced... If this entity was once a Sequence 0, then the Mother Tree of Desire is truly terrifying. It's no wonder it's viewed as an enemy by all the other deities... However, the Chained God might not be a Sequence 0. There's a small possibility of being a Uniqueness that has fully come to life, or a King of Angels with two Sequence 1 characteristics, or even someone weaker. There's currently not enough information to verify the matter... Klein frowned slightly as he began thinking about the matters regarding the Mother Tree of Desire.

At this moment, Sharron had switched to asking, "What problems does the Tutanssess II mummy possess?"

On the mirror's surface, the blood-red text squirmed and changed into a complete sentence:

"It's filled with hexes, a manifestation of hexes. It has the possibility of automatically becoming a Zombie."

This mummy is composed of hexes? As expected of a corpse left behind by a High-Sequence Beyonder... How should this be resolved? Klein turned to look at Sharron and Maric and discovered that they were sufficiently calm without any hint of surprise, as though they already knew that. And this also meant that they had the means to resolve the matter. Of course, Sharron didn't have much of an expression regardless of the matter. She was as calm as she always was.

After Arrodes answered, it followed the principle of reciprocity and raised its question:

"You...

"have been trying hard to increase your Sequence. Why do you do so?"

This time, it had used the same bloody text as the opening, but the words that followed after a few seconds didn't appear that bright.

Does this mean that Arrodes is hesitating and struggling, resisting its own urges? On the one hand, it finds it difficult to curb its wishes to raise difficult-to-answer questions, but on the other hand, it's taking my instructions into consideration and thus holding back? Klein thought in amusement.

Sharron stood there in silence before gently moving her lips.

"In the beginning, it was to not be bullied by others. Now, it's to have the strength to protect myself and my companions, and revenge, as well as spread the principle of temperance... If everyone can temper their desires, to not have wars and killing, there will be less misery."

Klein was surprised by what he heard. His impression of Sharron was that she was a woman of few words.

It wasn't that she couldn't say that many words, but that even if she had much to say, she held back greatly and didn't provide any additional descriptions. For example, in her answer to the first question, she had simply recounted the situation, and although she appeared to say a lot, she hadn't said one word more or anything subjective. The words she added toward the end were a relatively talkative act based on her character.

This is something that's been on her mind, a point of view that she has been repressing for a very long time? Klein suddenly imagined the chaotic reality of the wars in the Southern Continent.

They were lands with plenty of slavery. There were batches of people from the lower class who died of hunger and sickness. There were constant wars and live sacrifices.

If I were born in the Southern Continent and could live to this point, I'll definitely wish for world peace and happiness to the people... Speaking of which, Miss Sharron and Maric do not look like they are of Southern Continent descent. That's right, before Death perished, passage between the Northern and Southern Continent was allowed... Also, Sharron mentioned revenge. That word was said without conviction, as though she doesn't hold out hope for it. Or does she not have that strong of a desire for it? Klein sighed silently as he watched Sharron raise detail after detail and answer question after question.

After learning of the situation regarding the Tutanssess II mummy, Sharron asked again, "Apart from Mahmosi, who are the High-Sequence Beyonders that will appear in this trap?"

The mirror surface's aqueous wave rippled and formed a bright light, one that enveloped everything. Nothing else could be seen.

With Arrodes's powers, it likely involves an angel or Grade O Sealed Artifact. That's why it wasn't able to provide an accurate answer... Klein retracted his gaze and said to Sharron and Maric with a smile, "From the looks of it, it's as I guessed. The Loen military has prepared plenty of redundancies."

Sharron nodded slightly as she continued staring at the mirror, awaiting the secret existence to raise "His" question.

The blood-colored text squirmed and no longer paused like before. Everything appeared at once.

"What are your thoughts regarding your teacher?"

Teacher? Miss Sharron has a teacher... That's right, as part of the temperance faction, to not be influenced by the Rose School of Thought which had changed internally, and to keep to her original path, someone must've provided her with help... This is also one of the reasons why she and Maric could escape? Enlightened, Klein anticipated Sharron's answer.

Sharron pursed her lips.

"I respect 'Her'."

...She used 'Her'? Klein nearly couldn't maintain his smile from the shock.

Including the orthodox Churches and the various major Beyonder organizations, Grounded Angels were very rare. There might only be one or two. He originally imagined that Sharron's teacher was a Sequence 4 or 3 saint with a peak strength equivalent to Sea King Jahn Kottman. To his surprise, she had used "Her" as a pronoun. In Loen, ancient Feysac, and even Jotun and Elvish, this pronoun was very different from his, her, its!

After his shock, Klein suddenly sighed deeply. Miss Sharron's current situation largely implies that her teacher is probably not around. She and Maric escaped perhaps due to the final struggle of the temperance faction within the Rose School of Thought. And to the Mother Tree of Desire, either it's corruption or decimation to create a Sealed Artifact. There will not be any other choices.

The mirror turned dark again as the bright red text vanished.

After a while, new words appeared again.

"Continue."

"I no longer have any questions. Thank you for your help," Sharron curtsied as she said slowly.

With her saying that, the mirror returned to normal. The lighting in the billiard room wasn't dim any longer.

Sharron looked at Klein and said in a tone without any abnormalities, "We shall forgo this matter."

Clearly, she also understood the meaning behind the blast of light that appeared during the hidden existence's final answer.

Klein shook his head and smiled.

"There's no need to rush into a decision. Let me ask you a few more things. Perhaps there might still be a chance that doesn't require us to take too much of a risk."

At least my divination results say that it's possible! he added silently.

"What is it?" Maric couldn't help but ask.

Chapter 879: Dual Purpose

Upon hearing Maric's question, Klein picked up the piece of paper with the symbol that summoned Arrodes and shook it as he wiped away his smile. He said in all seriousness, "Tell me the detailed process for creating a Pharaoh mummy in the ancient Highlands Kingdom."

As he said that, the piece of paper was engulfed in scarlet-red flames, turning to ash.

Maric glanced at Sharron and replied after some thought.

"First step, lay it down for three to five days and use some auxiliary methods to make the Beyonder characteristic naturally seep out and not become a Sealed Artifact from fusing with any parts of the Pharaoh's body.

"Second step, hold a cleansing ritual. Place the corpse on an altar, pray to the Chained God, and hope that half the deceased's spirit remains in the body. This won't affect the return of the son of God, and it can also allow the created mummy to maintain a long period of spirituality.

"Third step, using Beyonder powers or actual technology, remove the corpse's brain, innards, and bodily fluids, leaving only the heart.

"Fourth step, stuff the corpse with perfumes and medicine that's filled with spirituality and completely dehydrate the body...

"Fifth step, stuff the perfumes and medicine inside again.

Arrange some preparations for a ritual on the corpse's surface, then wrap it up in linen bandages before putting it into a sarcophagus.

"Sixth step, the organs which were handled in a similar manner as the fourth step will be used as materials for the ritual. They will be placed in the four corners of the sarcophagus. Likewise for the brain and bodily fluids. The former will be stirred into mush, mixing with the latter. And the sarcophagus will have some preserved circulatory tracts that mimic the deceased state before death... This can gather spirituality from the spirit world and the surroundings, making the Pharaoh mummy an ingredient rich in spirituality even after more than a millennium. It can be made into a rather powerful zombie..."

Sounds like it has nothing to do with enhancing one's ability in that area. I wonder how Apothecaries turn such rot into a miracle. Yes, there seems to be a difference in the way Egyptian mummies are made on Earth. The mysticism involved is far more extensive... Klein finished listening carefully and quickly analyzed if there was anything that could be used as part of the plan.

Regardless, Tutanssess II's mummy is something with extreme research value. Unless it's necessary, no one is willing to destroy it... Klein fell into deep thought for a moment before looking at Sharron who had returned onto her high stool. He asked with a solemn expression, "What's the furthest distance you can travel with Mirror Blink?"

Sharron sat there and answered without any hesitation, "300 meters."

That's far enough, much better than my Flaming Jump. However, this is expected. After all, a Wraith's main trait is to come and go without detection, while Flaming Jump is just part of a magic show... Hmm, not bad. This can be used... Klein couldn't help but inwardly make a poignant remark.

Although he once had a Wraith marionette, he didn't know the limits of Mirror Blink, because before it could reach its limit, it would slip out from his control radius. Once that happened, the marionette was equivalent to a dead object. The blink would fail midway.

Klein asked a few more questions and formulated a general plan. After looking at Sharron and Maric separately, he said with a steady tone, "We still have a chance of snatching Tutanssess II's mummy away. There is a risk, but it won't be high.

"Yes, that's on the condition that the two of you listen to my instructions. Let me lead this operation. Of course, if you believe it's unacceptable, you can choose to terminate the operation midway and choose to return. That's your freedom. Just remember to pay me."

If this was in the past, Maric would've rejected the proposal without a thought. He and Sharron were considered very experienced Mid-Sequence Beyonders, so how could he listen to a newly-advanced Beyonder who had once sought their protection before? But after the previous cooperation effort, the intelligence, adaptability, and the mysterious items Sherlock Moriarty possessed had left a deep impression on Maric. He couldn't help but consider him as equals. When news of Gehrman Sparrow continuously reached Backlund, he had been shocked, being even more convinced that he was one of the strongest Beyonders below that of High-Sequence Beyonders. In mysticism, this was a form of authority when it came to Beyonder combat.

Since he possessed authority, it meant abiding by it!

He can still teleport... Maric recalled the way Sherlock Moriarty appeared, and his confidence swelled. Perhaps there was a chance of success.

He turned his head and looked at Sharron.

The two nodded in unison.

"Alright," Sharron responded, her blue eyes not showing any signs of hesitation.

Klein immediately revealed a smile.

"I'll go into the specifics when we rendezvous at the scene."

Apart from defining the problems and obtaining a more accurate account of the situation, his deliberate appearance using Traveling and providing a "secret existence" to obtain intel was also to establish his image. It boosted the way they viewed him, giving him the ability to be in charge.

As a Marionettist, even without a marionette for the time being, he had to control others to complete a targeted act!

To Klein, this operation was partly to help Sharron and Maric, but he also had hopes of using this grand act and his directing of puppets to further accelerate the digestion of his potion.

It had to be said that the immense pressure of Amon's appearance in Backlund and his recent interaction with Spectators had allowed the marionette-less him to greater understand the Marionettist principle he had previously concluded. With his marionette as a lead, he could control his enemies to put on a puppet act in real life.

His current idea was:

Even without a marionette, he could use his dominance, language, and the settings he designed, or a combination of these factors, to control his target, putting on a puppet act in real life.

Marionettists weren't only controlling Spirit Body Threads!

And what he did previously was merely a small attempt.

Just like Amon, a simple appearance is enough to put many matters into motion. It makes me and Pallez Zoroast appear to be waiting for "Him" to signal with a wave of the conductor's baton... Klein silently sighed as he heard Sharron and Maric answer in unison, "Okay."

In the evening at Pritz Harbor, there were elegant gas street lamps made of black metal. They illuminated the various streets with the light they emitted.

At this moment, most of the ships had moored. Silence was the main tune of the area.

At the top of a warehouse, there were many wooden crates circling an area. Three figures suddenly appeared from the void. They were none other than Sherlock Moriarty in his formal suit and top hat, Maric in his white shirt and black vest, and Sharron who always wore a black bonnet and regal dress.

With the help of Teleport, they directly traveled from Backlund all the way here. There was quite a distance between them and the dock where the ship that carried the Tutanssess II mummy was moored at.

Klein pressed down with his right hand as the bottom of his feet stepped on the wood. He nimbly leaped above the crossbar and, like walking on flat ground, quickly arrived by the wall.

There was a tiny air vent here.

He then took out the telescope provided by Sharron, and he looked at the dock based on the intel.

All the building roofs were occupied by soldiers with steam backpacks and thick-barreled rifles. They patrolled the area and were alert of their surroundings, prepared to shoot at any trespassers who dared come near. Only one warning was to be given.

Apart from them, there were a few exaggerated robot monsters parked around the dock. They were entirely metal, and they stood taller than giants. At the top of them, cold machine guns could rotate, and a steam chimney stood erect. The bottoms were grayish-white in color, with many parts exposing rivets, nuts, and gears. They looked rather crude.

In addition, in front of the robots was a very thick cannon. Situated underneath it were two rows of metal wheels with rubber treads.

They were obviously manned, but Klein couldn't see who they were, making it impossible to determine if they were Beyonders or not.

Close to these steel monsters, above the dock was a pitch-black metal tower standing at a height of more than ten meters. It had a complicated pulley system that seemed to lack any sophistication. Drooping down were steel cables and a hook.

On the surface, it doesn't seem too simple, but it can't be considered a high-level military operation... Klein retracted his gaze and threw the telescope to the approaching Maric so that he could observe the situation.

Before they started taking action, they had come to an agreement. It was to not use Beyonder powers, relying on non-mystical methods to spy on their target to avoid sounding off any alarms. After all, it was very likely that a demigod was lurking in the dock district.

Of course, Klein had adjusted the powers recorded inside Creeping Hunger. He had matched Paper Angel with Hurricane instead of Lightning Storm.

After Sharron was kept up to date with the situation, Klein, who was standing by a wooden frame, revealed a seemingly relaxed smile.

"We only have one purpose today. It is to make an attempt if there's a chance. If there isn't, we'd rather observe by the side and even evacuate ahead of time.

"Any questions?"

"No," Sharron calmly replied. Maric shook his head, expressing the same intent.

Klein nodded and looked at Maric.

"How many mirrors have you brought?"

"Nine." Maric showed his preparations as he pointed to his eyes. "These also count."

"Alright." Klein pointed in a direction. "When I leave, you are to head for Pritz Harbor. Along the way, throw these mirrors."

Maric gaped as though he wanted to ask why. But soon, he understood Sherlock Moriarty's intentions and nodded seriously.

"I'll follow your instructions."

Klein smiled as he extended his hand in midair.

"I hope for a pleasant partnership."

Maric hesitated for a second before extending his right hand to clasp hands with him.

After doing this, the tense feelings in him felt relieved for some reason.

Klein turned to Sharron, took out an iron cigar case, and passed it to her.

"Take this. After receiving my cue, fly toward the lighthouse.

"Following that, silently count down from three before removing the wall of spirituality.

"During this process, as well as after it's completed, you must not stop flying. Try to fly as irregularly as possible, regardless of the methods employed.

"When you see me create fireworks, immediately isolate the cigar case with a wall of spirituality, and do a Mirror Blink in Maric's direction. Use everything you have.

"After you meet up, flee all the way without waiting for me. I'll teleport to you."

One of the core items in the operation tonight was Azik's copper whistle!

Stealing the Tutanssess II mummy is difficult, but I can get it to run toward me!

Chapter 880: The Silent One

After hearing Sherlock Moriarty's plan, Sharron didn't say anything apart from nod her head once in agreement.

Klein immediately took out a steel-gray metal mask and wore it, only revealing his eyes and nostrils.

Similarly, Sharron and Maric wore similar masks as well.

However, they had different reasons for the disguise. For the Wraith and Zombie, it was solely to prevent themselves from being recognized by the Loen military; thus, curtailing their ability to be active in Backlund. As for a Faceless, the act of wearing a mask hid his pathway's trait of being able to change appearances. It was a form of misdirection for the Loen military's and the Rose School of Thought's subsequent investigations. After all, they would follow normal logic. Since your face was fake to begin with, why would you do the unnecessary act of wearing a mask?

After waiting for a while, a dull whistle sounded as a ship cruised into the port in the darkness.

Klein returned to the vent, raised the telescope, and cast his gaze at the heavily guarded harbor.

He soon saw a hybrid sailboat with a chimney slowing down as it docked. Meanwhile, two squads of soldiers in red tops and white pants ran over in an orderly fashion with rifles in hand before standing on two sides of a path.

Before long, a gangway was lowered, and people from the ship began alighting.

First were Sailors carrying wooden crates. Following that, it was a young man dressed in a major's uniform. He held a small casket made of crystal with a heavy expression. Surrounding him were several members of the ship's crew.

The crew were holding lanterns, illuminating the casket from various angles; thus, accentuating what was inside.

In it was a human skull without any flesh and blood left. It had a strange luster swirling under the light!

The group of people moved at a rather slow speed, as though they were constantly taking note of the angles of illumination to not leave any dark spots.

After they got off the ship, they followed the path to the nearest cargo rail where a steam locomotive was waiting there like a giant serpent. In the cabin behind, a man in a black formal suit walked out.

He was carrying a huge iron bucket, and diagonally above, one could see that it contained layers of ice blocks.

For a second, Klein nearly imagined that there was a bottle of wine inside the ice blocks, just like how alcohol was presented amongst high society and high-end restaurants. However, he soon saw what was embedded in the ice.

It was a hand made purely out of gold!

Unlike the group of people, the man carrying the bucket moved very quickly. Beads of perspiration kept dripping from his forehead as the contact between his palms and the metal surface produced mist.

He seemed to be worried that the ice would completely melt before he arrived at his destination.

The military managed to plunder quite a number of Sealed Artifacts at the Star Highlands, Paz Valley, and Haagenti Plains... Klein sighed poignantly as he patiently waited for Tutanssess II's sarcophagus to appear.

Another ten plus minutes passed when, situated in the distance, Klein, Sharron, and Maric heard heavy footsteps.

It was like a giant walking over a hollow deck.

Right on the heels of that, the cabin's side door opened. Four "knights" in black full-body armor carried a golden sarcophagus as they slowly walked out. Their footsteps clinked and clanked, reverberating.

The sarcophagus's surface was engraved with symbols like strange birds, serpents, feathers, and masks. It appeared ancient and mysterious, with the rich flair of an ancient Highlands Kingdom. It was none other than the Tutanssess II mummy's resting bed!

Sounds of metallic chains grinding against each other sounded as a pitch-black metal capstan slowly rotated, lowering the steel cables and hook down. People began securing them against the corners of Tutanssess II's sarcophagus.

Then, a complicated gear system began operating as the heavy sarcophagus was hung up, moving toward an open carriage outside the harbor.

The four black, full-bodied-armored "knights" had the pressure on them relieved as they sat on the deck, letting out heavy panting.

Amidst the panting, one of the "knights" suddenly grunted.

In a crevice of his armor, dark red blood streamed out in increasing amounts. Towards the end, tiny black armored worms began crawling out of it.

Thud!

The "knight" fell backward, his helmet falling off, revealing mangled flesh and a head whose eye sockets were empty. Countless black armored worms crawled out.

A hex... Tutanssess II's mummy is a manifestation of hexes itself... Even when wearing armor with augmented blessings, it's unable to completely avoid being cursed... Klein sighed silently as he cast his gaze to the golden sarcophagus which was being slowly lowered onto the carriage.

The carriage outside the harbor didn't have any horses. Standing around the carriage were four "knights" in the same outfits as the ones before.

With the sarcophagus landing, they approached the carriage in preparation to pull it.

At this moment, the carriage's wheels suddenly began spinning as it maintained its balance and began moving toward the side.

At that moment, it seemed to come to life!

Klein's mind tensed up as his gaze turned intense.

Pa! Pa! Pa! The wheels spun rapidly, slamming into the rocks, logs, and steps on an irregular path. The carriage without any horses dragged the golden sarcophagus as it moved toward an empty spot of the harbor.

This scene looked like a scene as described in a horror story.

Close to the harbor, a steel monster with a chimney, cannon, and machine gun turned around as a deep voice was heard from the inside without any obstacles.

"Possession is prohibited here."

Just as this was said, the carriage which was moving by itself lost its drive. After drawing out two long tracks, it steadily came to a halt.

At the same time, a figure wearing a white robe with golden threads was outlined in midair. He had pale-yellow curled hair, with his eye sockets clearly recessed. His face was thin to the bone.

This was a middle-aged man with mixed heritage from the Southern and Northern Continent. His brown eyes held irrepressible maleficence and madness. His rather thick lips were pierced with dense, patterned golden nails that sealed his mouth. He exuded a sinister and terrifying feeling.

According to Sharron's and Maric's description of the characteristics and portrait, Klein instantly recognized him to be an important member of the Rose School of Thought, one of the leaders of the Highland's rebel army, Mahmosi, who had the nickname, The Silent One.

Just as Mahmosi appeared, he cast his gaze to the steel monster that had issued the command. He completely ignored the Tutanssess II sarcophagus that was staying put diagonally beneath him.

His previous attempt was apparently to determine the location of the Loen military's demigod!

In a snap, Mahmosi raised his right hand and pulled at the corner of his mouth.

The golden nails that pierced through his lips shot out like bullets as they no longer sealed his mouth.

Following that, Mahmosi opened his mouth.

Klein didn't hear any sound, nor did he see any light. He discovered the gigantic steam chariot seemed to warp like it was melting. In a blink of an eye, it had transformed into a goat.

A goat with glazed eyes and messy wool!

With a spurting sound, blood spewed out of the goat's abdomen as a blob of flesh rolled out. Embedded in it was a white glove and a golden mask.

A beam suddenly shot out from the flesh, cleaving through all the chaos and evilness. The squirming flesh and blood began forming a humanoid figure, returning to its original appearance.

It was a black-haired, golden-eyed man with a mask.

At this moment, Mahmosi raised his palm, causing all the guns and cannons that were aiming at him to rise into the sky as they shot into the air.

Then, he took out a cloth doll.

The doll seemed to be made of old cloth. There were obvious stains and specks of blood. Its eyes had been dug out, leaving two empty holes.

The moment it saw light, its face began to transform. Its target of reference was none other than the demigod from the Loen military. Its eye sockets were aimed straight at the man in the golden mask!

When the Loen military's demigod saw this, he immediately made the ring on his right hand emit a crystalline beam of light as he vanished from his spot, phasing to the back of Mahmosi.

However, the doll's transformation didn't stop at all.

Meanwhile, to the side of Tutanssess II's sarcophagus, the space around it warped as a translucent mouth spanning more than ten meters was outlined.

The mouth suddenly opened and sucked in, creating a terrifying gale that swept up the sarcophagus and the carriage together.

It was suspected to be a spirit world creature!

It was about to devour the Tutanssess II mummy's sarcophagus!

Suddenly, the bullets and cannonballs that shot into the air turned brilliant as they gathered together, transforming into a grand sea of light that inundated everything.

Klein felt a stabbing pain in his eyes, and even though he closed them in time, tears still flowed down.

Two seconds later, he opened his eyes again and saw the spirit world creature that was only a gigantic mouth had disappeared. Tutanssess II's golden sarcophagus remained sitting silently on the other carriage. Mahmosi's figure had blinked away to the other end of the harbor thanks to a metallic surface. The dirty doll in his hand had been restored to its original form while the masked golden-eyed man did a short-distance teleport as he engaged in tight pursuit.

And the spot where the two were originally standing, a female figure in a black evening gown appeared. She too was wearing a golden mask, and on her head was a crown folded from thorns.

On the crown, pure light quickly swirled, amassing an "ocean"; however, it was in a dim state.

At this moment, Klein saw a hand--a hand wearing a black glove.

It was hidden in the shadows, reaching out as it grabbed at the sarcophagus where Tutanssess II's mummy was stored.

The sarcophagus suddenly vanished, appearing right in front of the palm!

The Rose School of Thought hadn't sent one demigod, but two. Furthermore, they brought with them a Sealed Artifact from the Marauder pathway!

Upon seeing this, Klein immediately turned his head and shouted to Maric, "Run!"

Maric had been awaiting his orders, so he leaped up the moment he heard that, rushing out of the warehouse as he dashed fervently out of the harbor.

Klein immediately turned around and yelled out to Sharron, "Begin!"

Sharron also didn't hesitate. Holding the iron cigar case, she flew towards the lighthouse. As a Wraith, the walls and obstacles along the way were nonexistent.

The commotion she and Maric created had probably been detected, but as it was far from the harbor and far from the battlefield, no one paid attention or bothered.

Klein quickly retracted his gaze, extended his left hand, and aimed his palm at the ventilation hole--right where Tutanssess II's golden sarcophagus was.

In less than a second, a blurry book materialized before him as an ethereal, distant chant sounded in his ears:

"I came, I saw, I record."

The pages flipped before landing on one page.

Hurricane!

This was a demigod-level Beyonder power that had a wide area of effect!

Chapter 881: A Play

The Rose School of Thought demigod hiding in the shadows wore a hooded black robe and a golden mask daubed with red and black patterns. His build was indistinct, but he was certainly not short, standing 1.8 meters tall.

He used the Marauder pathway Sealed Artifact to steal Tutanssess II's sarcophagus and place it before him. Immediately, his body turned translucent and stretched out as though he had become a thick, long, supple rope.

This transparent and nearly ethereal "rope" quickly bound the heavy sarcophagus in a bid to bring it into the spirit world.

At that moment, fierce winds roared in the Rose School of Thought demigod's ears. They collided in midair with an explosive blast.

Boom!

Tutanssess II's golden sarcophagus was sent flying as the transparent "rope" around it unfurled, shrinking back into a humanoid form.

The Rose School of Thought demigod drifted uncontrollably downward at an angle before taking the form of a wraith--no, an evil spirit. He allowed the fierce winds to pass through his body without making another move.

He saw eddies in the air swirl up rapidly as an unrestrained hurricane suddenly appeared, sweeping up the rocks, gravel, trash, and parts of the harbor's roof into the air. Even the carriage which had been autonomously moving before flew up because of its proximity. It was torn into pieces amidst the strong winds.

By apparent luck, though in fact by design, the shadows where the Rose School of Thought demigod had hidden were far from the main road and held no Loen soldiers.

The hurricane blocked the lady in the black evening gown and crown of thorns, forcing her backward. Unable to rush immediately toward the golden sarcophagus flung into the air, she used the momentum to turn sideways and cast her gaze toward a distant warehouse beyond the dock district.

Immediately after that, she turned her head to look at the Rose School of Thought demigod because he wasn't affected by the hurricane.

"Confinement!" The lady, who also wore a golden mask, raised her left hand and grasped at the figure of the enemy in her sights.

The Rose School of Thought demigod possessed formidable spiritual intuition. Sensing the danger in advance, he used Mirror Blink and leaped into a shard of glass about eighty meters away.

At that moment, the hurricane seemed to stabilize and rapidly subsided.

Pa! Pa! Pa! The items that had been swept up fell to the ground, including the golden sarcophagus that contained Tutanssess II.

Bang!

It smashed a crater into the ground and broke apart completely under the hurricane's fury.

The lid at the top flew up, scattering the gold and gems that were sealed in the top two layers of the sarcophagus as burial items.

Then, the lower level of the sarcophagus tumbled a few times, dropping golden boxes and jade containers that stored the desiccated organs.

A corpse that was bound in yellowish-brown cloth tumbled out. Its surface was covered in a dark red, oily liquid.

This was none other than the mummy made after Tutanssess II's death. It was emaciated, and its face bore a patterned golden mask like the one worn by the Rose School of Thought demigod. Two onyx gems of abnormal purity were embedded in its eye sockets.

The moment the mummy appeared, the surroundings seemed to dim. The sarcophagus's main body stopped as dark red liquid flowed out of it, soaking the nearby soil.

When the Rose School of Thought demigod wielding the Marauder pathway Sealed Artifact saw this, rage seized him at first. Then something occurred to him, and pleasant surprise entered his eyes.

His figure vanished from the glass fragment, phasing into the two onyx "eyeballs" of Tutanssess II. Then, he possessed the mummy and attempted to pull it into the spirit world!

Suddenly, he sensed that the mummy in his Evil Spirit Vision had vanished.

At the same time, the Tutanssess II mummy, its golden crown askew, abruptly sprang up and turned its onyx-set face toward Pritz Harbor's only lighthouse.

This Pharaoh, dead for centuries, released an inhuman cry from its throat. Wrapped in yellowish-brown bandages, it freed its shriveled legs, broke into a stride, and ran!

It seemed to be running towards freedom, but it had forgotten one thing. It was just a corpse. It should be lying down in silence.

Tap! Tap! Tap! The Tutanssess II mummy finished accelerating just as it began.

Upon seeing this, the lady with the crown of thorns raised her right palm and aimed at the mutated mummy.

"All the dead will receive their eternal peace," she said a few words in ancient Hermes.

Bang!

The Tutanssess II mummy drove strength into its legs and leaped in another direction, escaping the area that would have granted it eternal rest with agility wholly unbecoming a zombie.

Further away, the black-haired, golden-eyed man, who was pursuing Mahmosi, narrowed his eyes as his ring once again emitted a crystalline beam of light.

His figure teleported in front of the mummy as he attempted to stop the deceased from moving away.

However, Tutanssess II changed directions once again, charging out from a different angle.

It kept changing its direction, as though its goal was to approach the lighthouse by following an irregular route!

Mahmosi's heart stirred as his body suddenly vanished, flashing onto a piece of glass not far from the mummy.

Using it as a springboard, he finally appeared within the two onyx gems in Tutanssess II's eye sockets!

Although the Loen military's demigod had restricted Possession, the Highlands Kingdom's Pharaoh was no ordinary item. It had some spirituality remaining!

Seeing his partner succeed, the demigod with the Marauder pathway Sealed Artifact immediately extended his black-gloved left hand toward the lady in the evening gown, clenched it into a fist, and twisted it half a turn.

The lady immediately felt her thoughts drift for a second. Then her own gown bound her tightly. Almost simultaneously, the Loen soldiers on the distant warehouse rooftops lost control of their rifles, aimed in her direction, and pulled their triggers.

Bam! Bam! Bam!

The steel monsters with their thick cannons also fired shells at the lady.

The golden-eyed demigod didn't attempt to save his partner. Instead, he looked at Tutanssess II's mummy which had come to a stop because of Mahmosi's possession. He gripped his right hand into a fist and waved it abruptly.

"Execution!"

Joy flashed in his eyes. It didn't matter if the mummy died again, but Mahmosi could not afford to!

Elsewhere, just as the bullets and shells were about to strike the lady, they abruptly slowed as though sinking into a quagmire of air. A power rooted in laws repelled them.

On the lady's head, the crown of thorns lit up suddenly, using up more than half of the accumulated "ocean of light."

The hooded Rose School of Thought demigod immediately discovered this as he vanished from a location far away from it, as though he was fundamentally wiped away. This also meant that he had "arrived" in front of the lady and saw her raise her right hand.

Pure, condensed light gathered in her right hand and transformed into a blazing spear. Two immaculate white wings swept out from its tip, enfolding the spearhead like an angel's embrace.

The Rose School of Thought demigod's eyes widened immediately as he heard the footsteps of death. He attempted to use Mirror Blink to leap away, but he found that his surroundings were sealed by the pure white wings.

Overwhelming fear surged through him and drowned his reason, compelling him to abandon resistance at the very root of his being and strength.

At that moment, a piercing wail rang out, and the lady's eyes briefly turned cloudy.

The blazing spear in her right hand deviated to the side as she failed to maintain its stability. It collapsed into a gorgeous blast of light as it was swept up in the air like a hurricane.

And in the vicinity of the Tutanssess II mummy, Mahmosi had stopped his possession. Beside him, a dirty doll fell to the ground.

The doll's chest had a tear that nearly penetrated it.

It stood, and its eyeless face seemed to come alive, becoming hideously twisted. Its ceaseless, piercing wails made the nearby golden-eyed Loen demigod feel an invisible hand close around his neck, leaving him kicking and struggling in midair.

It was because of this doll's existence that Mahmosi wasn't "Executed." Likewise, the other Rose School of Thought demigod wasn't struck by the blazing spear.

When the latter saw this, he immediately used Mirror Blink to approach the Tutanssess II mummy that was still focused on moving in the direction of the lighthouse. He planned on using this opportunity to join forces with Mahmosi to achieve the goal of their operation.

At that moment, the lady in the evening gown erased the intervening distance and appeared directly above them. The crown of thorns on her head emitted light of the purest kind.

She pressed down with her right hand and said, "This place will have the mysterious weakened and the real strengthened!"

Just as she said that, the blood-stained doll immediately lost its expression and stopped shrieking. The golden-eyed demigod from the Loen military finally had a chance to catch a breather. He forcefully pulled away the hexed hand that was grappling his throat.

From that moment on, their demigod powers rapidly weakened while attacks rooted in reality were greatly strengthened.

This meant that the Loen soldiers atop the warehouse and the steam chariot slowly approaching on its treads now held the advantage in this battle!

For the Loen army, their advantage had been magnified to the extreme!

Mahmosi and the other Rose School of Thought demigod immediately reacted. One of them tried to possess the mummy, while the other attempted to pick up the eyeless doll. They planned on escaping before their strength decreased to a certain threshold.

Of course, the lady with the evening gown and the golden-eyed demigod couldn't allow the enemy to do as they wished, but just as they were about to take action, a light streaked into the sky and exploded into dreamy fireworks.

Immediately afterward, the two demigods' spiritual perception was triggered at the same time, and they looked in opposite directions.

A hand wearing a transparent glove reached out from the void beside Tutanssess II's golden sarcophagus, grabbing a handful of soil that was soaked with dark red liquid.

The liquid was a mixture of Tutanssess II's brain matter and bodily fluids. It was ritual material used to preserve the mummy's spirituality, and those bodily fluids contained its blood!

Mahmosi and the Rose School of Thought demigod wielding the Sealed Artifact also looked over, just in time to see a figure in a formal suit and top hat appear.

This figure was bending his back to pick up the soil soaked with dark red liquid.

Throughout, he kept his right hand over his left breast as though bowing to the demigods. Still holding the pose, he looked up to reveal his metal-gray mask before rapidly fading into nothingness.

Chapter 882: Core of Mischief

Carrying the iron cigar case, Sharron passed through the walls of the warehouse where she had been hiding. Strictly following Sherlock Moriarty's arrangements, she used her Wraith form to fly toward the tallest structure in Pritz Harbor--the lighthouse.

Immediately afterward, she silently counted down. Three... Two... One...

Before she could collect her thoughts, an intense boom rang in Sharron's ears. A terrifying hurricane seemed to sweep through the distant harbor.

She held the iron cigar case in her left hand as her nails suddenly grew sharp before stabbing into the wall of spirituality, completely destroying the invisible "isolation" with an attack filled with a Wraith's spirituality.

A sudden gust of wind rushed outward in every direction, and Sharron felt her Spirit Body strengthen. The effect came from the item stored inside the iron cigar case.

Accustomed to restraining her emotions, she suppressed her curiosity and continued toward the lighthouse at high speed.

During this entire process, she kept maintaining an irregular trajectory, occasionally lunging forward to the left or drifting upwards to the right. At times, she would rely on Mirror Blink to leap onto a different trajectory before continuing her approach to the target.

This made it seem like she was dodging an invisible and terrifying enemy, but Sharron knew very well that nothing was chasing her, nor was she locked on by a distant attack.

She felt as though she was performing in a one-man show without any opponents.

However, she neither hesitated nor wasted time observing or waiting. She imagined that The Silent One Mahmosi and the Loen military's demigods filled the air around her and did her utmost to dodge and slip past them.

As she flew, a red streak of light reflected in Sharron's blue eyes, which remained fixed on the sky.

It descended from above and abruptly burst into beautiful red, orange, and yellow fireworks.

Sharron immediately retracted her gaze. As she used her Wraith fingernails to spew spirituality and reform the wall of isolation, she leaped towards the path Maric had laid.

Shattered mirrors had been placed at regular intervals. Her dainty bonnet and black dress flashed from one to the next, and soon she appeared within Maric's brown eyes.

She stepped lightly out, the iron cigar case in her hand already enclosed within a wall of spirituality.

Maric and Sharron neither spoke nor exchanged glances. As though pursued by an invisible monster, they did not dare remain still.

Frankly speaking, they had a general idea about the role that each of their actions played; after all, Sherlock Moriarty had once attracted zombies and shadows with a copper whistle. As for Sharron's Mirror Blink, the two of them knew its traits well. However, they couldn't imagine how everything would develop. They had no idea how the detective with many secrets would be able to steal the Tutanssess II mummy under the watch of a few demigods. It wasn't a situation where the mummy could run if it wanted. The demigods were bound to stop it.

At that moment, they saw a figure materialize.

He wore a black formal suit and half top hat, with an iron-gray mask covering his face. In his hands were a fistful of dark red soil and a dark-brown book. It was none other than Sherlock Moriarty.

Maric immediately slowed. As the detective smeared the soil across the book, pocketed it, and grabbed his shoulder, Maric surveyed their surroundings. However, he saw no sign of the Tutanssess II mummy.

Did it ultimately fail... Having been mentally prepared for failure, he sighed as he watched himself, Sharron, and Sherlock Moriarty fade away and vanish from the spot.

In the area where the demigods fought, the golden-eyed Loen military demigod had an ominous feeling when he saw the gray-masked man bow before teleporting away. He sensed that events had taken a drastic turn for the worse, toward a terrible and unpredictable outcome.

He must be stopped! Although I don't know what he did, he must be stopped! The thought flashed through his mind as the golden-eyed demigod activated his ring. He used Traveling to counter Traveling, Teleporting in pursuit of Teleportation.

However, in this short span of time, he realized that he was unable to lock onto the mysterious person's aura. In other words, he had either created an interference at the demigod level, or he had Teleported somewhere very, very far away. Regardless of which possibility it was, it meant that any pursuit attempt would easily face failure.

More importantly, if he left the lady to face Mahmosi and the other Rose School of Thought demigod alone, she would be in extreme danger. After all, the area's mystical powers had not yet weakened enough for ordinary firearms to threaten their suppressed opponents.

Besides, there haven't been any losses yet. The mummy is still around, with the person only taking away some soil rich in spirituality... The golden-eyed demigod swept his gaze at the Tutanssess II mummy who was standing "blankly" in its spot, before casting his gaze back on Mahmosi.

Suddenly, the mummy wrapped in yellowish-brown bandages that were soaked in dark red liquid had vanished from the four demigods' spiritual perception!

The mummy had vanished without any warning!

For a second, Mahmosi and the other demigods felt as though they had watched an intriguing magic show or a mischievous play. Yet despite being demigods, they could not tell how the trick had been performed.

Moments later, having lost their target, Mahmosi and the other Rose School of Thought demigod didn't hesitate to make their figures fade away in a bid to escape via the spirit world.

The golden-eyed demigod and lady tried hard to stop them.

After two Teleports, Klein returned with Sharron and Maric to a two-bedroom apartment they had rented in advance in Backlund.

"I will pay you based on what we agreed upon," Sharron said just as she found her footing. At the same time, she returned Sherlock Moriarty the iron cigar case.

They had previously agreed that regardless of the outcome, Sharron would provide him with the information regarding Spirit World Plunderers. If they succeeded, she would pay another 3,500 Loen gold coins or 5,000 pounds.

Klein accepted the iron cigar case, whose surface showed signs of corrosion. As he held it, he sensed Azik's copper whistle bouncing lightly inside.

He quickly put it away and gave Sharron and Maric a smile.

"Might I trouble you to wait outside? Give me five minutes."

His tone is so firm. It's as though he succeeded... What can he do in five minutes? It's impossible for him to Teleport back and retrieve the Tutanssess II mummy. That would be even more dangerous and difficult than before... Filled with puzzlement, Maric walked with obvious slowness. Sharron had already floated to the wooden door separating the rooms and passed through it.

Maric quickly reined in his thoughts and followed her out.

Klein maintained a smile as he watched them. Then, he Teleported to another cheap motel in East Borough. He had disguised himself to rent this room in the afternoon.

Immediately afterward, he took out the dark-brown book, its cover stained with dark red mud.

It was Groselle's Travels.

As long as the blood still had remnant spirituality and hadn't coagulated, smearing it across the cover would allow the target to be pulled into the book world!

And Tutanssess II's golden sarcophagus contained precisely such blood!

That meant the mummy was already in Klein's hands--inside Groselle's Travels!

After hearing Maric describe the process of making a Pharaoh mummy, Klein had formed the broad outline of a plan. He would use the corpse's attraction to Azik's copper whistle as though it were Spirit Body Threads, controlling the mummy and using this "marionette" to lure the demigods away from the sarcophagus. He could then Teleport over and retrieve the blood, fulfilling the necessary conditions.

He had never intended to take the mummy directly or make it escape the harbor. Such a plan was impractical, as it would mean facing the demigods' attacks head-on. Even together, he, Maric, and Sharron were not capable of it. It might not work even if he spent a large sum to summon Miss Messenger Reinette Tinekerr.

Therefore, despite Azik's copper whistle and the mummy's reanimation appearing to be the goal and plan, it was in fact simply a method to manipulate and misdirect. This allowed the other "actors" to ignore the situation of the golden sarcophagus.

This was a plot that even demigods couldn't fend off. This was because they were protecting the mummy and not the sarcophagus. They were targeting the High-Sequence Beyonders from the Rose School of Thought, and not three people who were loitering around in the distance with unknown goals.

Klein's plan did not rely on a tightly interlocking chain of events. It was remarkably simple and flexible, able to survive minor accidents with very few variables to consider. As long as the Hurricane toppled the sarcophagus, Sharron followed his instructions and moved along an irregular trajectory, and the military lacked the manpower to dispose of the Rose School of Thought demigods easily, he only needed to wait for an opening. Once the demigods had left the sarcophagus and the mummy was not possessed by the evil spirit, he could Teleport over, retrieve something soaked in the liquid, and escape.

This didn't need him to worry about the exact developments of the demigod battle. He didn't care who gained the upper hand or was injured. He also didn't need the Tutanssess II mummy to run a certain distance to consider it a victory. As long as it started moving and became difficult to be caught, there wasn't any problem.

At the end, his bow had partly made it easier to scoop up the soil as a curtain call and partly allowed him to press Groselle's Travels against his chest. If anything went wrong, he could immediately pull it out as a shield.

That was precisely how Klein had managed to smear the blood-soaked soil across the cover even as he Teleported.

Everything went as expected. My direction was quite a success... As Klein reflected on the matter, he felt his potion digest more rapidly.

He didn't delay as he quickly set up a ritual. He sacrificed Groselle's Travels above the gray fog, and then in his Spirit Body state, he brought Creeping Hunger, Azik's copper whistle, the Soul Assurer's Beyonder characteristic, and Sharron's anti-hex golden bead into the book world.

Chapter 883: Demigod's Appraisal

In the book world, just as Klein appeared in the city outskirts, he immediately took out remnant parts of the dark red soil and picked up a withered branch. Using rod divination, he found the Tutanssess II mummy.

He worried that this embodiment of hexes might harm the residents. Although the book world had no shortage of Sequence 5 Beyonders, and the Tutanssess II mummy remained muddleheaded without the stimulus of Azik's copper whistle, it had been a demigod in life. The hexes produced by its corpse after death were bound to be extraordinary. Even Klein would not have dared approach it without the anti-hex golden bead Sharron had given him.

Of course, Klein had also weighed the consequences before deciding on using Groselle's Travels to steal the mummy. His previous experiences and the encounters of others had proven one thing: Outsiders would not directly appear before the natives when they entered the book world. It required exploration before any contact was made. This was especially so for the first time!

Therefore, Klein believed that the mummy was likely left somewhere uninhabited. And with this zombie's condition, it was likely to be engaging in a random walk. It would be difficult for it to explore in different directions autonomously like humans, elves, or giants.

This also meant that, as long as he didn't drag it out, it wasn't likely for there to be any losses. Furthermore, it had only been about three minutes since Klein smeared the blood-soaked soil across the book's cover.

Following the direction indicated by rod divination, Klein flew toward a nearby mountain peak. Soon, he reached a valley.

At that moment, the Tutanssess II mummy appeared, wrapped in yellowish-brown bandages stained red by the liquid. It still wore its patterned golden mask.

Its throat was letting out an inhuman sound as it rushed over with wide strides. The surroundings turned gloomy.

At the same time, many incomplete animal carcasses tore away the soil covering them in the valley as they staggered towards Klein.

His Spirit Body strengthened by Azik's copper whistle, Klein chuckled.

"What a warm welcome..."

He unhurriedly threw away the branch and raised a blob of black matter.

This was the Soul Assurer Beyonder characteristic he had released from the mutated Creeping Hunger. At its core shimmered a pure light resembling a night sky studded with stars.

Invisible waves surged outward, and the surroundings abruptly darkened as though night had fallen all at once.

The serene and peaceful feeling was accompanied by the fall of starlight. The animal carcasses first turned sluggish before collapsing, returning to their eternal rest.

The mummy also slowed down its pace, its motions growing slower and slower. But it didn't lie back down.

Directly using a Beyonder characteristic really isn't very effective. Furthermore, its negative effects are no trivial matter... Klein could not help covering his mouth with his left hand as he yawned.

He made Creeping Hunger turn pale and take on a gloomy green hue, using a Zombie's power to control the corpse before him.

The two stacked Beyonder effects finally calmed the mummy down.

With embedded onyx gems for eyes, it slowly walked to Klein's side and stood there silently as though it was the most professional servant.

Unfortunately, it carries hexes... From within his Spirit Body, Klein immediately took out a golden bead fashioned in the style of the ancient Highlands Kingdom. Bluish-green patterns were deeply engraved across its surface.

It came from Sharron and had been specially prepared for the Tutanssess II mummy. It could effectively suppress and eliminate the hexes. Otherwise, how could the Wraith have dared set her sights on the Pharaoh mummy?

After turning the golden bead between his fingers, Klein made the Tutanssess II mummy open its mouth and stuffed the bead through the mask's mouth opening.

In just a few seconds, the gloominess of the surroundings vanished.

After doing all this, he stepped forward and possessed the mummy in his Spirit Body state. Then, without hesitation, he ended the summoning and returned above the gray fog.

This mummy had already become his zombie, allowing him to release it just like he did with his former marionette, Senor. There was no need for him to store it in his body.

Through a bestowment, the mummy, rich in spirituality, returned to the real world inside the cheap motel.

After Klein cleaned up the traces, he reached out his right hand, about to grab the mummy's shoulder and Teleport back to the two-bedroom apartment where Maric and Sharron were.

But after taking a look at the oil-stained yellowish-brown bandages and the dark red liquid on it, Klein silently retracted his right hand and switched to using his gloved left hand.

After holding the mummy's shoulder with his left hand, he immediately began to fade, and this effect quickly spread across his body.

In just a flash, Klein and the mummy had returned to the apartment from before.

He wasn't in a rush to open the door to present it to Sharron and Maric. He took out his golden pocket watch and opened it.

Thirty-six seconds until the five minutes are up... Klein made the mummy pull out a chair and sit at leisure.

After a while, he finally heard a knock on the door.

"Come on in," Klein replied with a smile as he controlled the mummy to walk over.

When the door creaked open, the thin figure with the golden, patterned mask and yellowish-brown bandages was reflected in the duo's eyes.

This figure's onyx gems shimmered before it swiftly lay itself down on the ground.

"..."

Momentarily, Sharron and Maric were at a loss for words.

Having already used a wall of spirituality to isolate Azik's copper whistle, Klein dispelled his control over the zombie and pointed at it with a smile.

"I'm leaving the rest to you."

And that brings the curtain down for my directed play... Klein commented inwardly as he silently took in the sensation of his potion rapidly digesting.

This made him believe that it didn't need to take him up until the end of the year to consider the problem of advancing to the level of a demigod. It might be expedited by two or even three months.

Furthermore, with this digestion, the number of marionettes he could control finally rose to two. The maximum limit reached 200 meters. Faced with enemies with the same level of Spirit Body as his, gaining initial control of the target and completely converting them into a marionette was respectively reduced to ten seconds and 150 seconds. The range had also been expanded to ten meters.

"You really... succeeded..." Maric stared at the Tutanssess II mummy and could not help muttering.

He could never have imagined that they could succeed!

Sherlock Moriarty had managed to successfully steal something four demigods and two terrifying Sealed Artifacts were vying for!

Furthermore, this gentleman had returned empty-handed!

Could it be that the mummy had delivered itself?

Deep inside Sharron's blue eyes, her emotions were concealed and they were completely calm. She scrutinized the "target."

After confirming that it was the Pharaoh mummy and that it was Tutanssess II, she cast her gaze to Sherlock Moriarty who was seated with his legs crossed.

She opened her mouth slightly before closing it again.

"Thank you.

"I'll mail you the corresponding payment."

"I wish you, uh--all the best," Klein replied sincerely.

He then silently had a poignant thought.

If Miss Sharron can successfully advance to Sequence 4, it means I'll have an additional demigod-level helper! The saying from the Foodaholic Empire is apt--rely on your parents at home, depend on your friends when out. The more demigod-level friends, the merrier! Our Tarot Club needs to develop more friends and reduce our enemies... However, my enemies seem to be ever-increasing...

Having thought of that, Klein exhorted them.

"Be careful of being hunted down."

The Tutanssess II mummy had too many of its items in the Loen military's possession. It was very simple for them to use Beyonder methods to lock onto it. Klein's Paper Angel interference was only effective for a limited amount of time.

Of course, he believed that Sharron and Maric were prepared; otherwise, they wouldn't have had thoughts on stealing the Pharaoh's mummy. Likewise, he also believed that they could deal with the origins of the gray-metal masks and special fireworks.

If it were Danitz, he'd most likely say, It didn't cross my mind... Klein compared them with a certain failure of a Hunter.

Sharron nodded, indicating that she would take note. Then, she made the Tutanssess II mummy into her zombie and brought it into the spirit world.

"Thank you for your help." Maric, who stayed behind in the room, exhaled. He composed his surging emotions and bowed at Sherlock Moriarty.

Afterward, he left the room, removed his disguise, and blended into the crowds of East Borough.

During this process, Klein remained sitting in his chair as he silently watched them leave.

At some point in time, his figure also vanished.

In an apartment near Pritz Harbor.

The Loen military's golden-eyed demigod entered and said to his partner, the lady in the evening gown, "Nothing for now."

"That's expected. If he hadn't been certain of success, that mysterious person wouldn't have come to steal the Tutanssess II mummy," the lady said gravely. "However, we can narrow the scope of our investigation. Those fireworks, that mask, those clothes, and that taunting bow should give us leads."

She was certain that the Tutanssess II mummy's loss wasn't done by the two Rose School of Thought demigods. If it was part of their plan, there was no need for them to carry out that step only when they were in dire straits. They had almost failed to escape.

The golden-eyed demigod nodded and said, "I had a premonition that something would happen, but unfortunately, we didn't work with the Churches for this operation. We didn't have enough manpower."

He paused and asked, "Have you figured out what method that mysterious person used?"

The lady held up the crown of thorns and stabbed a thorn into her neck. As blood trickled down, she shook her head.

"Perhaps removing the soil soaked in the Tutanssess II mummy's bodily fluids was part of a ritual...

"This is a very cunning fellow who's good at deceit!"

Chapter 884: Destined Encounter

The golden-eyed demigod from the Loen military nodded in agreement.

"Indeed. It's similar in style to certain fellows from the Intis intelligence agencies.

"However, just seconds after he took away the soil, the Tutanssess II mummy vanished. It's unlikely that he could complete a ritual in time."

The lady looked down at the crown of thorns that was embedded in her neck. Slightly slow to react, she said, "Perhaps he, or they, had already set up the other steps of the ritual. Once he teleported back, he immediately threw the soil onto the altar, completing the final step.

"Of course, it's not necessarily a ritual. It might also be a Sealed Artifact that achieves a certain effect with the help of bodily fluids. There are too many possibilities for this."

Although the primary and negative effects of Sealed Artifacts mostly followed the Sequence traits of the 22 pathways, allowing researchers to formulate rough hypotheses, every Sealed Artifact was different, just as every person had a distinct personality. Whether because of the object it had fused with, the environment in which it formed, the possible presence of a High-Sequence aura, or a curse from its original owner, each could develop all manner of strange traits that defied testing. No one could anticipate and enumerate every permutation.

The golden-eyed demigod pulled out a chair and sat.

"That will be very difficult to investigate, so we can set it aside for now. However, you overlooked one avenue of investigation.

"Do you remember that Hurricane? It swept up Tutanssess II's sarcophagus, causing the ritual materials--the bodily fluids--to leak out and the mummy to tumble free. This created the conditions needed to zombify it. In short, it laid the foundation for everything that followed, so we can be certain the mysterious man or one of his helpers caused it."

The cloudiness in the lady's eyes faded as she slowly removed the crown of thorns.

"Do you mean that, with the Church of Storms in control of the Sailor pathway and the High-Sequence formulas and Beyonder characteristics, there won't be many Beyonders or mystical items that can use Hurricane? Thus, this is a clue that we can follow to find their trail?"

The golden-eyed demigod nodded.

"Also, I remember that not long ago, there was a case in East Borough. The Aurora Order's Mr. X was assassinated at a gathering he convened himself. Lightning Storm and Hurricane had been used at the scene.

"This garnered a lot of attention from the Church of Storms, and they have been constantly looking for clues.

"For two Hurricanes unconnected to official organizations to occur in the same area within a short period cannot be a coincidence. We can tentatively conclude that they are connected. The people who killed Mr. X and those who stole the mummy may be one and the same. We need to investigate alongside the Church of Storms."

The lady lowered the crown of thorns and thought.

"That's a good angle.

"Their goals and motives can also tell us something. People who merely wanted a mummy as a zombie would not risk so much to steal one. I suspect the Tutanssess II mummy holds special importance for them."

"Something that's key to a ritual?" The golden-eyed demigod deliberated as he said, "From the scene, the one who was carrying something special to attract the mummy was likely a Wraith or had the corresponding mystical item. Combining the goals and motive, I have a theory..."

The lady's heart stirred as she blurted out, "Members of the Temperance faction that escaped from the Rose School of Thought?"

"Yes." The golden-eyed demigod nodded. "Although the creation of mummies is influenced by aspects like the faith in Death and Sun worship, despite the Rose School of Thought occupying a ruling position in the Highlands, Valley, and other places, it hasn't forbidden such burial practices. This implies that mummies are of use to them. Perhaps it's the ritual requirement of one of the Sequences."

Upon saying this, he chuckled in a self-deprecating tone.

"There's another possibility: showing off and acting.

"Those people might not truly have wanted the mummy. It merely happened to satisfy certain conditions and gave them an opportunity for a grand performance. For certain Sequences of particular pathways, that is key to digesting the potion."

As a demigod, he was knowledgeable, so he naturally made many connections.

The lady deliberated and said in a heavy voice, "I suspect that it's not just one possibility but a potpourri of reasons.

"We shall use this as the foundation for our investigations."

Backlund, Cherwood Borough. In a building near the Tussock River.

The Silent One Mahmosi sat before a square table covered by a tablecloth, with golden nails laid across it. He asked in a deep voice, "Zatwen, who do you think stole the Kadiev mummy?"

Not far behind him, a figure rapidly appeared on a piano bench.

The figure wore a black clergyman's robe and a black glove on his left hand. His face was thin, his skin brown, and his eyes as sunken as a desiccated corpse's. His mustache, black at the roots and white at the tips, extended from his mouth toward his ears. It was short and sparse rather than thick.

Zatwen's eyes were nearly the same color as his skin. Despite his priestly bearing, he radiated a cold and terrifying air, as though he might transform in the midst of silence. After some thought, he said, "Only a handful of people desire a Kadiev mummy enough to risk battling demigods. Here in Backlund, there is only Sharron.

"She has likely received Reinette Tinekerr's help; otherwise, it's impossible for her to succeed."

Mahmosi picked up a golden nail covered in dense patterns. After a few seconds of silence, he said, "Who was the one who teleported?

"It doesn't resemble Gehrman Sparrow... Another helper Sharron hired?"

"Perhaps." Zatwen coughed as his pale face flushed blue. "I believe we need to think of a way to pray to Mother Tree. We should be able to receive a revelation."

Mahmosi nodded gently and stabbed the golden nail through his bottom lip.

Upon seeing this, Zatwen covered his mouth and slowly got up. He staggered down to the first floor in preparation to leave and return to his hideout.

On the first floor, he saw a dark environment with shimmering candlelight. The fragrance of food wafted from different directions, filling the air. The residential buildings in the nearby area were terraces. Facing the street on the first floor were shops. The contact point of the Rose School of Thought was in a restaurant which mainly served Southern Continent cuisine.

Having suffered serious injuries during the operation, Zatwen did not wish to maintain his evil-spirit state. It placed too great a burden on his wounded body; therefore, he had changed into a black clergyman's robe and hobbled toward the entrance.

At this moment, a customer walked into the restaurant.

This customer wore a black formal suit with black pants and leather shoes. He had a pair of black eyes and a thin face.

He had a slightly broad forehead as he wore a monocle and a very tall top hat. As he casually glanced around, his gaze landed on Zatwen.

Upon seeing the black glove on Zatwen's left hand, the corners of the customer's mouth curled slightly. He shook his head with a faintly disappointed smile.

Then, he entered the restaurant, brushing past Zatwen who had stared back with a maleficent look.

Zatwen didn't pay too much attention as he walked out and reached the streets.

Under the illumination of the streetlamps, the night's cool breeze blew at him, causing the Rose School of Thought demigod to suddenly tremble.

Zatwen knew that this was a result of his spiritual perception being triggered. With his heart tightening, he immediately looked down at his hands, surprised to realize that the black glove on his left hand was gone.

Gone!

As a demigod, Zatwen didn't know when the Sealed Artifact on his hand disappeared!

He quickly turned around and looked into the restaurant as the image of the man from before suddenly surfaced in his mind.

Soon, he locked onto the target's aura and found that he was still inside the restaurant. The man had even called out to the waiter to bring him a menu.

Zatwen initially considered using Mirror Blink to possess the man. Yet for some unknown reason, his hands trembled involuntarily. An indescribable conviction seized him that a dangerous and terrifying enemy lurked nearby!

Just as this thought flashed past his mind, Zatwen subconsciously took a step to the side, walking to the end of the street as though nothing had happened.

In an apartment in Cherwood Borough.

Fors was reading the latest issue of Ladies Aesthetic when she suddenly heard a key turn and the sound of the door opening.

"Why are you so late today?" She looked towards the door where Xio stood.

Xio ruffled her short blonde hair and said, "When I was almost home, I saw a meetup mark from MI9. It was urgent."

"What happened this time?" With piqued interest, Fors lowered the magazine in her hand.

"A follow-up to Mr. X's assassination," Xio said casually as she bent down to change into her slippers.

The look on Fors's face froze as her eyes darted about slightly.

"Any clues?"

"Not really. Uh, a demigod-level Hurricane appeared back then. That's uncommon outside the Church of Storms, and earlier tonight a small-scale Hurricane struck the docks at Pritz Harbor. A Pharaoh mummy was stolen in the chaos," Xio explained simply. "MI9 suspects the same group was behind both cases, so they're pressing informants like us to work harder at gathering intelligence and finding clues."

...My Leymano's Travels still has a Hurricane... Mr. Gehrman Sparrow? Why is he stealing a Pharaoh mummy... Fors forced a smile.

"Perhaps it was done by the Church of Storms?"

Xio rolled her eyes at her and quickly walked into the kitchen in search of food.

Early morning, 160 Boklund Street.

Moments after Klein finished washing up, and before he could open the door to let Richardson in, his spiritual perception was triggered. He saw Miss Messenger's headless body walk out of the void with four heads in hand.

One of them was biting down on a rather thick envelope. Opening its mouth, a large pile of gold coins was spat out.

I can finally repay my debt... Klein glanced at Reinette Tinekerr's four neckless heads and said in relief, "I remember still owing you 3,413 gold coins. You can take the last installment away."

Meanwhile, he had the baffling feeling that the pile of gold coins looked familiar. However, he didn't think too much about it because all the gold coins looked familiar to him.

Chapter 885: Two Letters

Upon hearing Klein's words, one of the four heads which Reinette Tinekerr held immediately said, "Alright..."

It opened its mouth and immediately sucked back most of the gold coins. Where they were stored remained unknown.

Glancing at the dozens of gleaming gold coins left behind, Klein reached out to accept the thick envelope. He quickly opened it and skimmed the beginning. It was indeed the detailed information on Spirit World Plunderers.

After Miss Messenger returned to the spirit world, he put away the gold coins, drew the curtains, and sat down under the morning sun, seriously reading the neat and tidy handwriting.

"Thank you once again for your help.

"The Tutanssess II mummy is part of the advancement ritual for me. It holds deep meaning for me.

"Spirit World Plunderers live in the depths of the spirit world. They are extremely rare, highly intelligent, and very aggressive. They can capture or kill creatures and turn them into soul avatars. Their true souls can assume the appearance of those avatars, gaining similar abilities and traits. They can also disguise themselves as other spirit world creatures. When one is encountered, every spirit world creature nearby might belong to it. They may all be soul avatars and must not be overlooked.

"This creature can effectively influence its prey's thoughts, causing them to enter a numbed state... Its true soul possesses potent spirituality, giving it a marked advantage in clashes of that nature...

"They're very difficult to find. At present, there is only one place with signs of their activity. The spirit world's Calderon City.

"This is a legendary city of mysterious and unknown origin. Three theories explain it. First, it was once Death's residence and the entrance to the Underworld. Second, it is the divine kingdom left behind by a dead ancient deity of the Second Epoch. Drawn into the spirit world, it sank and slowly became a city both real and illusory. Third, it is a real city devoured by the spirit world during the Cataclysm.

"Regardless of the theory, it elucidates one point: This city is very dangerous. It has many special and strange aspects about it...

"I do not have the mysticism coordinates of Calderon City. Most high-level spirit world creatures aren't aware either...

"I can provide two suggestions. First is to use a special secret deed ritual to pray to Red Light Aiur Moria to receive the corresponding answer. I won't describe in detail what Red Light is. If you aren't aware, you can write to ask me again. The second is to find someone from the Abraham family. They have the legacy of the Traveler's pathway, and they have done a deep exploration of the spirit world..."

Even when writing a letter, Miss Sharron exudes an extremely restrained feeling... Indeed, the Pharaoh mummy is meant for the Puppet's ritual. Back then, the evil spirit in the ruin had said that it could be one of the components of the ritual... Therefore, the ritual's exact requirement is to use a High-Sequence Beyonder's corpse after death, one that still maintains a level of spirituality, or to use an evil spirit that results from the resentment of death?

Heh heh, can I pray to Orange Light to get "Him" to help me ask Red Light? Hmm, to others, finding Calderon City is a very difficult task, but to me, it's extremely simple. I can directly give this task to Miss Magician. She has just contributed greatly to the Abraham family...

I hope the first theory about Calderon City is correct. That way, once I make contact with Mr. Azik, I can see the dangerous residents of this mysterious city line up in two rows as they welcome me... Klein shook his head, throwing such a beautiful fantasy to the back of his mind.

He scrutinized the information regarding Spirit World Plunderers and confirmed that they had partial characteristics of Marionettist and Bizarro Sorcerer. They were rather dangerous high-level spirit world creatures.

Making soul avatars share the appearance, abilities, and traits of their true soul resembles a Bizarro Sorcerer's ability to grant powers to a marionette... At Zaratul's level--perhaps at Sequence 3, Scholar of Yore--could he temporarily grant certain Beyonder powers to creatures made into marionettes? Deep in thought, Klein began tearing up the letter. With a flick of his wrist, scarlet flames engulfed the pieces and burned them to ashes that fell into the trash bin.

After reining in his thoughts, while dressed in pajamas, he walked to his bedroom's door to get Richardson to come in to help him change his clothes.

Under Saint Samuel Cathedral.

As usual, Leonard Mitchell was leaning back into his chair with his legs raised on the desk.

There was nothing abnormal about his expression, but he was thinking about Amon deep down.

Ever since learning that the angel had arrived in Backlund, Pallez Zoroast had become abnormally quiet inside him, no longer speaking or offering suggestions as readily as before.

If not for the answers he received when he posed questions, Leonard would have even suspected that Old Man had secretly sneaked off to find another host to parasitize.

Amidst his thoughts, his Red Gloves captain, Nighthawks deacon, Soest, walked in.

"How was the interrogation? Any results?" The Red Gloves in the room who were dealing with their own matters quickly cast their gaze to the door.

Late last night, they had just finished a mission. They had captured three Numinous Episcopate members that they had been tracking for quite some time. Now, they were awaiting the results of the interrogation.

Soest sternly surveyed the room and said, "We made a major contribution, but the results are not good.

"Based on the testimony of the three Numinous Episcopate members, as well as the information the Church had previously gathered, we can come to a preliminary conclusion that the Numinous Episcopate has fractured between reviving Death or creating Artificial Death. The latter has already achieved some progress and benefited significantly from it.

"They are filled with animosity toward Loen and our Church. They plan to conduct part of their Artificial Death experiments in Backlund! Yes, their reasoning matches your present concerns. Even if the experiment fails, it might severely damage the Capital of Capitals."

Leonard instantly snapped out of his daze as he exchanged looks with Cindy and Bob, seeing the surprise and rage in each other's eyes.

At this moment, Soest rapped the side of the table to stop the members from further discussion.

He cleared his throat and said, "Our new mission is to head to the Southern Continent to find the key members of the Numinous Episcopate's Artificial Death faction based on clues gleaned from the testimonies we received. We need to figure out how many remnant thorns are left in Backlund before uprooting each and every one of them.

"Ma'am Daly will assist us on this mission. The Church will give her the potion in advance and help her prepare the ritual so she can become a Gatekeeper before departure.

"In addition, the high-ranking deacon in charge of the Southern Continent, Her Excellency 'The Goddess's Eye' Eyellya, and the local Nighthawks, will provide us with help, giving us the corresponding Sealed Artifacts and helping us with the preliminary investigations.

"Ladies and gentlemen, head back to rest for a day and prepare yourselves. We will set off tomorrow night."

"Yes, Captain!" Cindy, Bob, and company stood up and replied.

Leonard stood up as well, but he didn't say a word. The first thought that flashed in his mind was: I can use this opportunity to leave Backlund to escape the threat of Amon!

After returning to 7 Pinster Street, he asked with a suppressed tone after closing the door and drawing the curtains, "Old Man, problem solved.

"I believe a normal assignment for Red Gloves won't garner the suspicion of Amon, right?"

The slightly-aged voice in his mind replied slowly, "No."

Leonard could tell that Old Man's voice appeared much more relaxed. As his mind stirred, he considered for a moment and said, "Should I write to Klein Moretti and tell him that we will be leaving Backlund for a very long period of time? After all, he was the one who warned us that Amon is here..."

Pallez Zoroast replied in the same tone, "Write it if you wish."

Leonard exhaled, pulled out a piece of paper, and picked up a fountain pen.

He deliberated for a moment and lowered his wrist to write:

"I have a mission that will require me to leave Backlund."

Looking at this short sentence, Leonard put down his pen and folded the letter.

Soon, he finished preparing the ritual to summon the messenger. He lit a candle, took a step back, and said in ancient Hermes, "I!

"I summon in my name:

"The spirit that wanders about the unfounded, the friendly creature that can be subordinated, the messenger that belongs to Gehrman Sparrow."

The howling of wind sounded in the room as it turned intense.

The candlelight burgeoned as it was tainted with paleness. A beautiful blonde, red-eyed head appeared from within.

Leonard pricked his brows, and just as he was about to speak, he saw that what followed the head wasn't a complete neck, but a hand grabbing the hair.

Reinette Tinekerr, in her dark and complicated dress, quickly walked out. The four heads in her hand turned in unison to look at Leonard Mitchell as they spoke one after another, "You..." "Want to..." "Send..." "A letter?"

This spirit world creature looks powerful... This is a perk that Klein has for joining that secret organization? As Leonard thought, he nodded and said, "Yes."

The four heads held by Reinette Tinekerr spoke one after another:

"You need..." "To pay..." "One..." "Gold coin..."

One gold coin? Messengers from the mysterious world also collect money? Leonard was astonished and unsure how to react. All he could do was reach into his pocket and take out a gold coin.

Only then did Reinette Tinekerr raise two of her blonde, red-eyed heads to grab the letter and gold coin.

She then stepped into the void and vanished.

After the candle was restored to normal, Leonard muttered with a laugh, "What a strange messenger..."

Just as he said that, the slightly-aged voice of Pallez Zoroast echoed in his mind.

"It's best you do not speak negatively behind 'Her' back."

..."Her"? Old Man actually addressed a messenger as "Her"? A messenger can be a "Her"? Leonard's eyes immediately widened.

Pallez coughed slightly.

"Her state is very strange, no better than mine.

"In short, that organization that believes in The Fool is more-- hmm, when making contact or cooperating with Klein Moretti, it's best you be more careful."

After saying that, the parasite fell silent without saying another word.

Leonard actually wants to use a mission to leave Backlund and avoid the threat of Amon? Was that the old man's idea? Isn't that far too cowardly? Klein skimmed the letter and muttered inwardly.

He began seriously considering the idea of using the arms deal as an excuse to quickly leave Backlund for a period of time.

Chapter 886: Preparations Before Leaving

After some consideration, Klein, who had already entertained such an idea, organized his thoughts and settled on a course of action.

Pa! He flicked the piece of paper in his right hand, looking up from the soaring scarlet flames at Reinette Tinekerr. He planned on taking out a Loen gold coin to provide payment.

However, Miss Messenger had already left. There was no one in front of him.

Not collecting payment? Klein was first taken aback before he made the connection. He suspected that Reinette Tinekerr had proactively asked for payment after being used to collecting gold coins from non-contractees.

Perhaps Miss Messenger hadn't said anything and had merely stared at Leonard with the eight eyes of her four heads, waiting for him to pay. Yet that fellow hadn't realized it and had tried to forcefully end the summoning, only to have his neck snapped... Klein hissed in alarm and used the gold coin he had just taken out for divination. The result showed that Leonard and Miss Messenger were both alive and well.

He breathed a sigh of relief, put away the gold coin, and called out, "Richardson."

The half-opened room's door opened without a sound as Richardson walked in and politely asked, "Sir, how may I be of service?"

"Please bring the butler here." After giving the instruction, Klein sighed inwardly. A life of luxury had truly spoiled him. Even when summoning someone within his own home, he would not take half a step and instead sent his valet.

Well, this is an acting requirement... he said silently to himself.

Minutes later, the white-gloved Walter came to the third floor and let his arms hang to his side. He stood in a standard posture to the side of Dwayne Dantes, awaiting his employer's instructions.

Klein had already considered his words, so he unhurriedly said, "Go to Member of Parliament Macht's place to inform him that I've prepared the first installment.

"Also, prepare a carriage. I will be heading to the bursary foundation in the morning and will return in the afternoon.

"If Member of Parliament Macht doesn't have time for me in the afternoon, head over to Dr. Aaron's place, saying that I'll pay a visit in the afternoon."

Klein had already taken out 10,000 pounds from above the gray fog and had stored it in a tiny leather briefcase. He was waiting for the opportune time to complete the preparation work of the arms deal transaction.

To air out the gray fog's scent from the cash, he had deliberately Teleported to the sea, feeding Creeping Hunger along the way. He feared that Amon, who also knew of the gray fog's existence, might detect its distinctive scent while in the same city and thereby locate the treasure "He" yearned for.

"Alright, Sir." Walter didn't ask his employer how he had gathered the first installment. If memory served him right, Dwayne Dantes hadn't been to the bank recently.

Of course, this wasn't something to be bothered with. Often, foreigners, especially tycoons from Desi or Midseashire, would prepare briefcases filled with large sums of money ahead of time.

22 Phelps Street, Loen Charity Bursary Foundation headquarters.

Klein walked through the main door and went straight to the second floor where he found the reception room for directors.

As an honorary director who occasionally participated in certain work, he didn't have an office here, but he could use the reception room.

He clenched his right hand into a fist and held it to his mouth, deliberately coughing before stepping into the reception room. In there, he sat on the sofa.

After a short wait, he stood up again and said to Richardson who was waiting beside him, "I'll first head to the washroom."

After buttoning his coat, Klein stepped out of the room and happened to meet Justice Audrey walking out of her own office.

The noble lady wore a rather simple dress that day, white with dark green accents. Her sleeves and collar were frilled, and layers of interwoven lace formed a bow-like flower at her chest.

She wore no jewelry at all. A hidden girdle escaped his notice, but when the wind pressed the fabric near her left arm against her skin, a slight bulge appeared.

"Good morning, Miss Audrey." Klein wore a look of pleasant surprise as though it was a chance encounter.

Audrey glanced at the good-looking Dwayne Dantes with gray sideburns and replied with a smile, "Good morning, Mr. Dantes."

She had wanted to say "long time no see" in a cheerful jab at his absence from the bursary foundation since its opening ceremony. However, considering that they were merely acquaintances, she held back.

Klein rubbed his temples and shook his head with a wry smile.

"I'm very sorry that I'm only coming today.

"I've been very busy recently. I can foresee myself being even busier in time to come. I might make a trip to the Southern Continent to handle certain matters."

He had made this trip especially to inform Miss Justice that he would be leaving Backlund for a time. By showing his sincerity, he hoped the noble lady would help oversee the bursary foundation and keep it running smoothly. Klein sincerely wished for the foundation to help more impoverished people in need.

"Southern Continent?" Audrey interpreted the sincerity in Dwayne Dantes's words as she asked in surprise.

Klein laughed and replied, "For business."

At that instant, the first thought that came to Audrey's mind was: Which Sequence 5 is about to lose his life?

Sensing Miss Justice making some unpleasant assumptions, Klein added, "It's a partnership with the military involving the sale of certain necessities."

What's the meaning behind this? Dwayne Dantes's identity is used to probe intel from the military? Audrey was somewhat enlightened as she raised her right hand and gestured four times in a clockwise fashion. She said with a bright smile, "May the Goddess bless you so that everything goes smoothly."

After habitually saying that, she sensed that there was something discordant about that. She had wished that the Goddess would bless a Blessed of Mr. Fool!

This is probably closer to a curse, right... Will Mr. Gehrman Sparrow be angry? No, he's actually a kindhearted person deep down. And I did it without any malicious intent... The one who returns from the Southern Continent is probably another Blessed who's playing Dwayne Dantes, right? Will it be a demigod? Audrey didn't notice it as her thoughts wandered.

Klein smiled helplessly and likewise traced the crimson moon over his chest with practiced ease.

"May the Goddess bless us all."

And that "She" doesn't smite us with divine punishment... he added silently.

He then asked conversationally, "Have you been visiting the schools to promote the foundation lately?"

"Yes." When this was mentioned, Audrey's expression seemed to radiate. She was proud and happy that she had finally done something substantial.

Just as she nodded with some strength, her green eyes revealed a look of sadness.

"After visiting several public primary schools, I found many of the children there pitiful. To save money, they bring rye bread from home for lunch and eat it with only a cup of water."

Having said that, she looked at Dwayne Dantes and continued with some embarrassment, "I know they aren't taking me to the night schools and Sunday schools for now because they don't want me to see anything worse.

"But I can imagine, I can imagine things just like those workers who can only live for a few years once they start working at the factories..."

This was something that The World Gehrman Sparrow had once told her. It was the first time she knew of the real situation of the lower class of Backlund, but having not seen them with her own eyes, all she could do was rely on her imagination.

Klein sighed and said, "Perhaps it's worse than you can imagine.

"There's no need to worry. Once you showcase your ability and win their trust, you will become one of them."

"Okay." Audrey nodded, as though in thought about how she could showcase herself better.

Klein did not continue the conversation. After all, this was only their third meeting, and they had exchanged only a few words before. Talking for too long would easily arouse suspicion.

He pointed toward the washroom, excused himself, and strode away.

Audrey looked at Dwayne Dantes's back and fell silent as she muttered, "What will it be like if it's worse..."

After receiving a reply from Macht, inviting him to the East Balam Military Veterans Mess in the evening, Klein followed his plan. Hence, he visited Dr. Aaron at four in the afternoon.

"Mr. Dantes, your butler didn't inform me of the reason for your visit." As his wife was about a month from being due, Dr. Aaron had declined most of his work, and most of the time he had stayed at home.

The sudden visit from Dwayne Dantes, with whom he was not well acquainted, left him perplexed. Since he was not adept at social niceties, he asked directly after exchanging a few pleasantries.

Klein smiled.

"This is the thing. I might be heading to the Southern Continent soon. As you know, the weather there is humid and hot. There are all kinds of insects and diseases there. I wish to prepare some medicine ahead of time to prevent any accidents from happening. I wonder if you have any suggestions. I'm really sorry, but you are the only excellent doctor I know of."

Dr. Aaron accepted the explanation, considered it seriously, and gave him the names of several medicines.

Near the end of the visit, having filled a page with notes, Klein used a stomachache as an excuse to visit the first-floor washroom.

The washroom's mirror suddenly darkened as though it was covered by a thick shadow. And in the middle of the shadow, a black pram slowly steered near. In it was a blurry child wrapped in silver silk.

"What is it this time?" Will Auceptin questioned using his bright voice.

Klein coughed dryly and forced a smile.

"You should have heard that I'll be heading to the Southern Continent.

"I don't wish to miss your birth, so I would like to know when you plan to have your birthday."

Will Auceptin sucked at his thumb and said, "I don't know."

"Even an angel can't control when 'He' will be born?" Klein asked in surprise.

Will Auceptin replied hesitantly, "You don't understand... I've already identified three dates. They have unique meaning when it comes to fate, but I haven't decided. I still find it blurry. Perhaps only when the time comes will I suddenly understand what I should do."

Is this decidophobia? It also has the unmistakable air of charlatanry... Klein clasped his hands and rubbed them imperceptibly.

"Then how would I be able to receive notice in time so that I can return in time to complete the transaction with you? Oh, that paper crane can no longer be used."

Chapter 887: Familiar Figure

Upon hearing Klein's question, the infant wrapped in silver silk raised his fleshy arms and threw them up.

"I can't do anything about it either. I'm still in my mother's womb!

"Although you can no longer write on that paper crane, it can still help me locate you. If there's anything, I will inform you!"

Klein had already expected such an answer from Will Auceptin. He maintained his smile and explained, "That paper crane is already damaged. I think it will have problems locating my position."

He then offered a suggestion:

"Perhaps we can do this: when you're born, summon my messenger and write to me."

He wasn't too worried that Will Auceptin's birth would result in anything abnormal, causing the Snake of Fate to have to change locations while in a baby's body. That would prevent him from contacting him again.

Inside the black pram, Will Auceptin opened his mouth, then closed it again without answering.

After a few seconds, the infant curled his lips and said, "Do you think that's realistic?

"Not only do you expect a newborn to write you a letter, but he also has to perform a ritual and summon a messenger?"

Klein chuckled and said, "But you're a Snake of Fate."

"The laws of nature still need to be respected!" Will Auceptin threw down "His" arms and smacked the cushion beside him.

This infant thought for a moment and said, "Let's do this. Get someone to watch this area. Once they realize an infant is born, they can immediately inform you."

Klein's eyes darted about for a while before saying, "That works."

He had many people he could ask for help. He could hire a gangster through Sharron and have the man notify him through his messenger, or he could ask the usually idle Emlyn White. He could also hire the bounty hunter Miss Xio and have Miss Magician inform The World Gehrman Sparrow of any developments. Alternatively, he could make Arrodes monitor the surroundings and report through a one-way communication method.

However, that fellow Emlyn has a very keen nose. I wonder if he'll smell the placental blood and recognize its true nature... If so, he might suffer the impact of seeing a Mythical Creature. His intelligence could decline, his mind could become unstable, and even his body might mutate... Before Will Auceptin's pram could retreat into the shadows, Klein hurriedly asked, "I have a, hmm--teacher whom I haven't contacted in some time. Can you read his current fate?

"His name is Azik Eggers."

As Mr. Azik had yet to reply, Klein could not help feeling worried. When he had used the copper whistle for divination above the gray fog, he had seen only deep, silent darkness and heard distant, drawn-out breathing, making the dream impossible to interpret.

Will Auceptin sucked at his thumb and said, "He's in a state of metamorphosis. It might be good, but it might also be bad. That's all that can be seen because that teacher of yours has something special on him."

Something special? Something directly derived from Death's godhood? Metamorphosis? This is referring to Mr. Azik's recovery of more memories, so he's in a slumber to recover his corresponding strength? Klein thought as he bowed.

"Thank you for your answer."

Will Auceptin turned his head and looked to the side.

Klein thought and gave a warning.

"Based on what I know, Blasphemer Amon is here in Backlund. Of course, it's most likely an avatar."

Will Auceptin was taken aback for a moment before chuckling.

"It's a bane for you, but a boon for me. Amon and Ouroboros are mortal enemies--no, more accurately, 'He' hates the True Creator. Amon is always thinking of ways to pull 'Him' down from 'His' divine throne, while Ouroboros is loyal to that evil god."

After saying that, the black pram retreated into the shadows as everything was restored to normal.

Amon hates the True Creator? I'm increasingly convinced that the True Creator was one of the participants in the sharing of the ancient sun god. 'He' is the black infant in the middle of the Storm Angel, White Angel, and Wisdom Angel... Klein breathed a sigh of relief. He took two steps forward, turned on the tap, and washed his hands.

In the evening at the East Balam Military Veterans Mess.

Klein didn't immediately meet the long-faced Colonel Calvin. After he placed the briefcase with ten thousand pounds into a heavy safe-deposit box, he followed Macht to have a buffet meal at this high-end club.

The dishes were primarily Southern Continent cuisine: cream bread made from tapioca flour; ice cream drizzled with lilac-tree berry juice; assorted seafood stewed with coconut milk and palm butter; beef offal cooked with peppers, tomatoes, and onions; seared Haagenti roast meat; broth made with the delicacies of Paz Valley; as well as steak and roasted squid.

Compared with other establishments, the ingredients here were quite refined, and the flavors authentically Southern Continent, leaving Klein rather satisfied. If not for the need to maintain his image, he felt that alternating mouthfuls of seared roast meat and ice cream would be delightful.

Indeed, I prefer food that has stronger flavors... The thing that satisfied me the most today was that aperitif. If Member of Parliament Macht hadn't mentioned it in passing, I would've thought that it was a lightly-flavored fruit juice... The pale gold liquid with two lemons soaked in it and a few pieces of ice makes it sweet but a little sour. There's no alcoholic taste to it, and it's refreshing. It instantly just draws away the heat from the body... Klein placed his napkin on the plate as he recounted the feelings he just had.

At that moment, Macht returned from the washroom. Smiling, he bent down and whispered into Dwayne Dantes's ear, "Same room as before."

"Alright." Klein got up, went to the room with the safe-deposit box, and took out the small leather briefcase with 10,000 pounds before heading over to the activity room where he had previously met Colonel Calvin twice.

Calvin, with his long face, was already waiting inside. When he caught sight of the briefcase in Dwayne Dantes's hand, he got up with a smile.

"You really are a man of action.

"I appreciate that attitude in business."

As he spoke, he extended his right hand and shook Dwayne Dantes's hand.

Klein then handed the briefcase to him and said with a humble smile, "As a merchant, if one isn't decisive and fast when facing an opportunity to make money, that means that they aren't suitable for this occupation."

Calvin sat back down and opened the briefcase in front of Dwayne Dantes and Macht. He roughly counted the neat stacks of cash.

He quickly completed the confirmation check, closed the briefcase, and looked up at Dwayne Dantes.

"What other thoughts do you have regarding the transaction's details?"

Klein deliberately wore a look as though he was organizing his words. After a few seconds, he said, "I'm planning on heading to the Southern Continent soon, to West Balam."

Seeing Calvin and Macht show signs of surprise, he added, "I have some matters that aren't convenient to do while bringing plenty of firearms. And to make the transaction go smoothly, some advanced preparations are required.

"Heh heh, I must give this matter the attention it deserves. It's a business worth tens of thousands of pounds.

"I plan to head to West Balam first, contact clients with such needs, and clear away any obvious obstacles. At the agreed time, I'll contact you by telegraph and proceed to the East Balam border to collect the goods."

Calvin pondered for a moment and said, "You can send me a telegram after 20th June. I'll give you the details later. In short, after I receive the telegram, I'll inform the officer there and get them to pass the countersign and password to the designated personnel for them to head to the warehouse.

"Hmm... Will you need any auxiliary personnel for protection during this time? When do you plan on leaving?"

I only wish to find a place to hide in West Balam where there's no Rose School of Thought. The rest can be left to Danitz... When do I leave? I obviously wish to leave today and arrive there today, but that will incur suspicion... Klein considered for two seconds and said, "There's no need for any security for the time being. In certain places in the Southern Continent, having such auxiliary personnel is the main cause for causing conflict. Don't worry, I have plenty of friends in West Balam. Without bringing anything of value, my safety can be guaranteed.

"As for when I'm leaving, my answer is as soon as possible."

Calvin thought for nearly a minute before slowly nodding.

"I'll send someone to collect you after dinner tomorrow. The military has an airship transporting goods and personnel to Desi Bay, and from there it is only a short voyage to the Southern Continent. If everything goes smoothly, the journey will take two or three days. Even if a storm forces the ship to detour, it will take no more than a week."

"Thank you." Klein sincerely stood up and bowed.

From his point of view, leaving Backlund with the military was safe enough. He wouldn't be made a target of suspicion.

After discussing some details, Klein got up and bade farewell and returned to the foyer in preparation to leave.

In the foyer beside the dining table, nearly ten men in military uniforms or casual clothes stood gathered with glasses of wine, chatting and laughing over recent rumors.

When Klein swept his gaze over, he suddenly found a figure somewhat familiar.

The man stood between 1.85 and 1.9 meters tall. His arms were rather long, and his feet turned outward slightly. His exceptionally broad shoulders made his black suit appear tight.

This... Klein's mind raced as his nerves tensed up. He had already recalled the source of the familiarity.

It was the demigod that met Crazy Captain Connors that night!

He was the demigod suspected to be working for a particular faction of the royal family, one who was supervising the human trafficking!

Although this High-Sequence Beyonder was previously wearing a black hood that interfered with divination, preventing his appearance from being exposed, Klein remembered the traits of his body.

That was what a Faceless was good at!

Chapter 888: A Shocking Glance

For a second, Klein's casually sweeping gaze paused on that familiar figure.

He immediately sensed the abnormality in his reaction since a demigod's spiritual perception wouldn't fail to notice it.

The muscles of his back tensed as his thoughts raced, almost throwing off sparks.

He didn't immediately move his gaze away as he continued looking at the demigod suspected to be from the Black Emperor pathway. He smiled at Macht and said, "This place really isn't just for veteran officers."

This sounded like a result of careful observation, but it was nothing but meaningless chatter.

Macht chuckled.

"Any club will exceed its original restrictions when it further develops itself."

His answer seemed meaningless, yet on closer consideration, it appeared to imply something--or perhaps its complete opposite.

At that moment, the broad-shouldered, long-armed gentleman in the black suit naturally turned his head as well. He noticed that the tycoon who had donated 15,000 pounds was looking at him and his companions while speaking quietly with Member of Parliament Macht.

This made Klein's surprised look seem like a natural reaction to learning their occupations.

Then, he retracted his gaze and continued his topic of conversation.

And at this moment, Klein's back was covered in a layer of cold sweat, and his legs were going limp.

Although he had faced the demigod before, in a sense, and had even fought him, this was his first encounter at such close range in such a confined place, with danger able to erupt in an instant. More importantly, he was utterly unprepared to face a demigod. He had no marionette, and carried only Death Knell, Azik's copper whistle, and the adventurer's harmonica.

He could not carry the Sea God Scepter on his person. Its use was also severely constrained by the environment, or it would cause massive destruction. If he kept Groselle's Travels on him too long, he might be pulled into the book world, from which escape would be troublesome. Creeping Hunger still lacked a seal and needed to feed every day, so he could not take it out in advance unless necessary. The Fate Siphon charm was made from a Worm of Time, and he did not know whether it would attract Amon. Unless he could use it immediately, Klein plainly lacked the courage to carry it.

If the demigod who was suspected to be from the Black Emperor pathway had discovered something wrong with him, there was only one optimal solution he could think of.

It was to blow the harmonica and summon Miss Messenger to get her to help him escape Backlund via the spirit world!

He never considered having Reinette Tinekerr fight directly while he sought a chance to fire Death Knell from the sidelines. This was Backlund, home ground of the official Beyonders. Given Miss Messenger's distinctive appearance, the man could easily frame her for a crime, after which Klein would face a concerted assault by ever more demigods and powerful Sealed Artifacts.

How harrowing... Klein moved his gaze away in a manner that adhered to logic. Using the Clown's ability to control his legs, he walked to the door in a completely normal manner.

He did not ask Macht who those people were. Appearing uninterested would help prove that his look had been casual.

However, that person turning to look at him had exposed his appearance to Klein.

He had thick but tidy black brows and a short, stiff crew cut of the same color. His eyes were dark blue, his nose bridge high, and a bushy mustache spread above his mouth. His long face had sharply defined, hard contours.

He radiated a strongly masculine air and might have been in his thirties or forties; it was difficult to tell.

From his appearance alone, Klein thought he looked more like an Arbiter pathway demigod than one from the Black Emperor pathway.

Of course, this demigod's bearing was closer to that of a Warrior's, but he was too short.

Having had a clear look at him, Klein didn't need to inquire further. He could directly get Arrodes to answer him. Even if he was still wary of the magic mirror, he could always commission Miss Xio, Miss Sharron, and company to do a simple background check.

He believed that no matter how well-hidden this demigod was, it was unlikely for him to have a low-ranking position. It would be easy to figure out who he was.

One step. Two steps. Three steps. Klein left the East Balam Military Veterans Mess at an ordinary pace.

When he boarded the carriage, he leaned on the wall, closed his eyes, and kept silent for a few seconds. Inwardly, he let out a long sigh.

The disconnected trail of clues leading to the truth of the Great Smog of Backlund has finally been connected again...

He neither opened his eyes nor spoke, as though reviewing the business matters he had just discussed. In truth, he was calming his tumultuous emotions.

During this process, Klein realized that Richardson had tried to speak a few times, only to shut his mouth again, doing so as though he was stumped.

Ultimately, he said nothing and focused on preparing Marquis black tea for his employer.

Because of the earlier encounter, Klein lacked the attention to spare for him and pretended not to notice.

Amidst the silent atmosphere and grinding wheels, they returned to 160 Boklund Street.

When he reached the third floor, Klein was just about to head for the bathtub that had been prepared by the lady's maid when Richardson, who was holding his hat and cane, took two steps forward and respectfully said, "Sir, are you heading to the Southern Continent soon?"

"Yes," Klein replied frankly. He had even prepared 500 pounds in cash to hand to Housekeeper Taneja for daily expenses needed for the Dwayne Dantes residence during his time in the Southern Continent.

Meanwhile, he had a deeper understanding of the importance of having a butler and valet in high society.

There were many things that a master couldn't keep from them; therefore, any conflict in faith and political inclinations necessitated a change.

Richardson hesitated and said, "Sir, I was born in the Southern Continent and am fluent in Dutanese. I'm also very familiar with the various local traditions. I should be of help to you."

Dutanese was a common language of the ancient Balam Empire. In present-day East and West Balam, the citizens still used this language. Only people of the middle- and upper-class knew foreign languages like ancient Feysac, Loenese, and Intis.

Klein felt fortunate in this regard. Ancient Balam had once been a unified empire ruled by a true god; therefore, although the various states had different accents, they all spoke Dutanese and shared the same written language. This spared him considerable trouble.

If I were to encounter dozens or more than a hundred dialects and languages, that would be a headache... However, Dutanese and ancient Feysac doesn't belong to the same system. I'm unable to easily grasp the various branches by learning the latter. Finding an interpreter is necessary. Oh, Anderson seems to be fluent in Dutanese. He never seemed to mention having any problems with communication in West Balam... Klein finished listening to Richardson when he suddenly realized what was stumping him.

As a valet, he needed to follow whenever his employer headed out. There was no need for a butler to do so.

This also meant that a valet was like a secretary for the master's daily life. In certain cases, they would also play a role as a business secretary.

Clearly, Richardson enjoyed his life in Backlund and everything it had to offer. He didn't wish to return to the Southern Continent to see scenery or matters that would make him recall his past; therefore, when he got into the carriage, he had tried to mention his traits but was unable to voice it out. He wished that Dwayne Dantes could find a better candidate.

Klein thought for a moment before saying, "I can tell that you don't like the Southern Continent. Why are you telling me this?"

Richardson slowly bowed his head and looked at his toes.

"You gave me a chance to gain experience and mature. I-I believe I can help you."

Very simple feelings of gratitude... If you hadn't said so, no one would know that you knew Dutanese. After all, you were born and raised in an East Balam colony manor... Klein carefully sized up Richardson, chuckled inwardly, and made some silent poignant comments.

However, he didn't plan on letting this valet of his follow him to the Southern Continent. Firstly, it would make it inconvenient for him to carry out certain operations. Secondly, if he was recognized by some Nation Reestablishment Society member of the Numinous Episcopate, it might end up affecting the rest of his life.

Klein laughed and replied, "I have plenty of friends there. They're all fluent in Dutanese and are aware of the traditions there.

"Hmm, you have more important things to do. Stay in Backlund. Help me deliver gifts to my friends at regular intervals. I'll give you a list of names when the time comes. Also, read more newspapers, note any investment opportunities, and investigate them in person. Then give me a corresponding report. I will have Ma'am Taneja set aside funds specifically for this."

Richardson looked startled, then said with delight, "Yes, sir. I-I will work hard!"

At that instant, he felt that he was being put in an important position as his eyes blurred up.

From the moment he was born, this was the first time he felt hope for his future. It was something to look forward to.

After dismissing Richardson, Klein took a comfortable bath to soothe his tense nerves. Then, he wore his pajamas and returned to the bedroom. Taking a pen and paper, he drew a symbol that was a mixture of concealment and mystery prying.

Watery light rippled across the full-length mirror's surface as silver Loenese text formed:

"Exalted Great Master, your puny, loyal and humble servant, Arrodes, is here to answer your summoning!

"Are you about to leave Backlund again?"

Klein nodded and said, "Yes."

Without waiting for Arrodes to mention that he could question it, he asked, "Can I still contact you in the Southern Continent?"

"Of course! As long as you take out that magical radio transceiver." On the surface of the mirror, silver words quickly formed. "However, you cannot leave it out in the real world for too long or use it too frequently. There are plenty of beneficiaries of the Mother Tree of Desire. 'She' can use it to detect you."

Klein nodded gently and asked, "What do you know about the Mother Tree of Desire?"

Arrodes suddenly fell into silence. It was only after a very long time that its silver luster formed a complete sentence:

"I don't dare to mention it, nor do I dare to show it."

Chapter 889: Warning to Everyone

Don't dare to mention it or show it... At least for Arrodes, the Mother Tree of Desire is definitely stronger than Sequence 1 Zaratul. No, it's even stronger than the Monster pathway's Uniqueness, Die of Probability... There should be a way to circumvent the restriction to get Arrodes to display the corresponding information, such as bringing it above the gray fog... Heh heh, how is that possible? That won't happen unless I'm already an angel and in complete control of that mysterious space... Klein's eyes moved slightly without pressing the question. He asked, "It's your turn to ask."

The full-body mirror's silver light turned brisk, forming a new sentence:

"Great Master, what other instructions do you have for me?"

Nice question! Klein thought for a moment and said, "After I leave Backlund, keep an eye on Dr. Aaron Ceres's family. Once his wife gives birth, remember to tell me the next time I summon you."

After careful consideration, Klein believed that leaving this matter to Arrodes was for the best. After all, no one could monitor Dr. Aaron's residence twenty-four hours a day. And what Klein needed to do was to switch residences at the end of the month to turn on the radio transceiver once.

"Alright, Master~" The words on the mirror reflected Arrodes's mood. "I have a question."

"Speak." Klein nodded, giving permission.

This time, the sentence Arrodes displayed was filled with pauses, as though it were deeply hesitant.

"Great Master, what relationship does that child have with you?"

It seemed to be puzzled why a supreme ruler above the spirit world would pay so much attention to a yet-to-be-born infant.

Hmm, I've already said that it's Dr. Aaron Ceres's unborn child, yet Arrodes has failed to notice anything special about Will Auceptin... When it comes to concealing his fate and special traits, a Snake of Fate far surpasses angels of other Sequences. However, the magic mirror could accurately tell me when Tail Devourer Ouroboros would leave Backlund... Hmm, Will Auceptin's reboot likely makes it difficult for high-level existences to notice anything. This might also be why "He" can evade the Angel of Fate... Coming to a realization, Klein answered, "Friends."

As for becoming Will Auceptin's godfather, that had only been a passing thought. He had little confidence in it and dared not force the matter for fear of annoying the Snake of Fate.

"Only friends..." Arrodes revealed an inexplicable sense of disappointment in its words. "Great Master, you can ask a question."

Klein thought for a moment before saying, "Do you know who the person I met at the East Balam Military Veterans Mess is?

"If you aren't sure who I'm referring to, I can draw him for you."

In the dark and deep mirror, aqueous light surfaced, producing a cold and bearded man with dark blue eyes. It was none other than the demigod Klein suspected to be of the Black Emperor pathway.

Meanwhile, the corresponding text appeared beneath the "picture."

"He's Brigadier General Qonas Kilgor. He's from MI9 and is a deputy director. He's known to be a Sequence 5 from the Lawyer pathway, but he wields a powerful Sealed Artifact."

MI9... Brigadier General... Deputy director... It appears he's the royal faction's representative within the intelligence network... Klein memorized the magic mirror's information, but for a moment he was uncertain how to proceed with the investigation. After all, Qonas was a demigod. Whether Klein spied on him or sounded him out, personally or through an intermediary, Qonas would easily become alert and inevitably retaliate.

His only reliable option was to have Miss Justice gather information. Her high status and social connections gave her access to the relevant intelligence. Furthermore, as a Sequence 6 of the Spectator pathway, she could steer conversations without arousing suspicion and conduct her observations discreetly.

I have to say, although Spectators lack combat ability, they are formidable in other respects. Besides, with the powers of a Psychiatrist and Hypnotist, Spectators can control and guide a battle to a certain extent... Klein reflected as he wondered what else he could ask Arrodes.

At this moment, the light from the mirror's surface faded and formed a new sentence:

"Great Master, do you wish to know the mastermind behind Cuaron's suicide?"

You are even providing me intelligence on your own accord? Although I've already extricated myself from this matter, I haven't been too actively involved in it and am just awaiting the Nighthawks' investigations. I didn't even find it necessary to ask about it... Klein chuckled inwardly and nodded.

"Yes."

The full-body mirror produced a silver line of text:

"Royal family's consultant, Hvin Rambis, one of the councillors of the Psychology Alchemists."

Psychology Alchemists? Royal family's consultant? Klein immediately frowned.

He found it difficult to determine what the Psychology Alchemists were plotting, or if a particular faction of the royal family was dissatisfied with the current political climate and was attempting to "nudge" it.

The Psychology Alchemists aren't as I imagined, focused on scholarship and exploring ancient ruins... Do all secret organizations eventually seek power to influence the world? Is it an anchor's requirement? I wonder whether Hvin Rambis's scheme is personal or sanctioned by the organization. The former would be manageable, but if it's the latter, Miss Justice will face increasingly difficult choices as her standing among the Psychology Alchemists rises... Klein's thoughts whirled as he returned to the question-and-answer game. After deliberating, he asked, "What else do you wish to say?"

If anyone else had asked such a question, Klein believed that Arrodes would smite them with lightning or use another malicious method to tease them. However, he believed that, as a supreme ruler above the spirit world, he had the right to ask such a question. It was also an opportunity to test Arrodes's bottom line.

The silver light on the full-body mirror's surface transformed into another new line without any hesitation:

"Great Master, Amon is already in Backlund as you expected.

"As it's 'His' avatar that came, I can see it."

What do you mean, as I expected? When did I expect it? Klein raised his brows and said,

"I'm aware.

"Alright. That's it for today. I'll summon you again through the radio transceiver if I have any more questions."

"Yes, Master. Your loyal and humble servant Arrodes will always await your orders! Goodbye~" The mirror's surface displayed an emoticon waving a handkerchief.

Klein watched in silence until everything was restored to normal.

The next day was Monday. Klein had already finished preparing to leave for the Southern Continent. Apart from luggage containing two sets of clothes, 500 pounds, and assorted garments included for appearances, he placed his remaining 12,125 pounds and 87 gold coins above the gray fog.

The reason why he was so careful was because Klein had a deep impression on his last death and resurrection. If he hadn't had an anonymous account with a few hundred pounds from Miss Justice, he had no idea how long he had to wander the streets. Perhaps he had to really get a job at the circus to be a clown, or he'd have to head to a certain gangster leader's place to "borrow" some money.

Seeing that it was almost three, Klein headed up above the gray fog, prepared to have this week's Tarot Gathering.

He had previously performed a divination here and concluded that, unless they were in the same building, Blasphemer Amon could not detect a Tarot Club member being drawn into the mysterious space above the gray fog.

Before long, dark red beams shot up in the grand palace, materializing into blurry figures.

Having confirmed that she was restarting her psychology lessons this week and having reestablished contact with the Psychology Alchemists, Audrey looked towards the end of the long bronze table in a relatively good mood. She stood up, raised the corners of her skirt, and bowed.

"Good afternoon, Mr. Fool~"

Opposite her, The Hanged Man also got up and bowed, but he had another question on his mind.

He had originally promised The World Gehrman Sparrow that he would give him the mystical item made from the Ocean Songster Beyonder characteristic last week. But to his dismay, something happened to the Artisan, preventing him from handing it over in time.

Alger planned to explain the reason to The World during the Tarot Gathering before personally taking action to resolve the Artisan's problem.

After the bow and exchanging greetings, Cattleya was just about to say something when she saw Mr. Fool rap the edges of the mottled table.

This dull knock made all the Tarot Club members tense up. They had no idea what Mr. Fool was about to say.

It must be something serious! Something that's emphasized by Mr. Fool at the beginning must be something serious! Audrey determined inwardly.

The Fool Klein surveyed the area and said with a smile, "Amon recently came to Backlund. An avatar."

Amon? Blasphemer Amon? Derrick instantly felt his unpleasant memories become invoked.

Be it parasitizing the former team captain, asking "are you looking for me?" or coiling around his Spirit Body like a snake, Amon with his pointed hat was a nightmare he couldn't shirk away from.

One had to know that, as a resident of the City of Silver, Derrick had seen plenty of terrifying monsters. Only a few could make him feel uneasy and fearful just from a mere recollection.

Amon has headed to Backlund where Miss Justice and Miss Magician are living? What does "He" want? What should they do? Derrick suddenly felt nervous for his companions.

Amon... This ancient King of Angels has returned to the real world? Indeed, when a revolution is about to happen or is descending, the waves of the times will come flooding in... Alger's eyes narrowed as he recalled what Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos had once said to him.

Cattleya's thoughts were similar to his. As the King of Angels had reappeared in the Northern Continent, she could catch a "whiff" of the unease. A phrase surfaced in her mind: the changing of an epoch!

Amon! Angel of Time Amon... An ancient King of Angels... Audrey trembled in concern. She glanced at The Magician Fors and Mr. Moon who wore blank and horrified looks and couldn't help but look towards the end of the long bronze table.

"Honorable Mr. Fool, can I think of a way to inform the Church of this matter?"

Chapter 890: Ignore "Him"

Klein had considered Miss Justice's question some time ago. After all, leaving troublesome problems to the official organizations capable of resolving them was his usual practice. However, Leonard and Pallez Zoroast's reaction had made him realize something else.

Leonard was a Red Glove of the Nighthawks. He could easily invent an informant to pass news of Amon's presence in Backlund to the Church of Evernight, then let the archbishop and high-ranking deacons devise a strategy and conduct an operation. It would neither expose his secret nor leave this latent threat unchecked. Yet he had chosen to depart under the cover of a mission. It was obvious to Klein that Amon's appearance had influenced Leonard's decision.

Klein suspected that informing the Church of Evernight might have unpredictable negative consequences. The Marauder pathway angel within Leonard had therefore rejected that course of action, and "He" was among the beings who understood Amon's various Beyonder powers.

When I have no idea what to do, the obvious choice is to follow the example of someone experienced... Although the gray fog separates us, and any problem would end with Miss Justice, there's no need to take such a risk. The Tarot Club has few members to begin with. Every one of them must be cherished... These thoughts flashed through The Fool Klein's mind. He shook his head and said in a calm, faintly amused tone, "Ignore 'Him.'"

Ignore "Him"... Mr. Fool's attitude makes Amon sound like a stray dog... In "His" eyes, are only Sequence 0 true deities worthy of attention? That's right. The last time The Sun was possessed by Amon's avatar, Mr. Fool easily cleansed it away. As long as Amon doesn't appear in person, "He" has little to worry about... Hmm, Mr. Fool raised this matter at the beginning to warn us to be careful... Alger thought with fearful reverence as realization dawned.

Audrey similarly interpreted the meaning that it was a trivial matter. She suddenly made the connection.

Is Mr. World Gehrman Sparrow temporarily leaving Backlund to avoid the Angel of Time Amon? Although Mr. Fool is still slowly recovering "His" status, level, and powers, dealing with Amon's avatar isn't difficult for "Him." The Sun's encounter proves it... Did "He" make "His" Blessed avoid Amon so as not to attract the Angel of Time's true body, which might disrupt "His" plans to awaken?

Yes, "He" emphasized it to us as a warning, worried that we wouldn't react properly when chancing upon Amon. Mr. Fool really shows "His" concern for us!

At this moment, Emlyn had just digested the matter of King of Angels Blasphemer Amon's appearance in Backlund.

Despite his arrogance, repeated Tarot Gatherings had taught him what a King of Angels was: an existence beneath Sanguine Ancestor Lilith and the true deities at the pinnacle of the Sequences. "They" were the strongest beings to walk the real world!

What's going to happen this time in Backlund? When the time comes, there will be dead people, the wounded, or the sick everywhere outside. I'll become busy again because of Father... Emlyn recalled his life after the Great Smog of Backlund as he showed signs of fear, fear that such matters would happen again.

Fors also felt the problem was serious. If the Angel of Time Amon truly intended to act, "He" would likely cause destruction on a vast scale. It was not something she could avoid simply by hiding at home.

She silently drew a breath and looked to the end of the long bronze table, worriedly asking, "Honorable Mr. Fool, why is Amon sending 'His' avatar to Backlund?"

Klein deliberated over his choice of words and looked around the table with a smile.

"To look for all of you."

To look for us? The words struck Fors and the others like bolts of lightning, jolting them awake and numbing their spines.

Immediately afterward, Audrey connected this reply with the earlier "Ignore 'Him.'" Mr. Fool was like the boundless ocean, while a mere avatar of Blasphemer Amon was only a stone. It could raise no more than a tiny ripple.

Although Amon's avatar came to find us Tarot Club members, Mr. Fool has said to ignore "Him," so there's no need to bother about "Him"... Praise Mr. Fool! Audrey's nerves that had just tensed up instantly relaxed.

Emlyn, Fors, and Derrick also figured out something similar. They either leaned back into their seats, exhaled openly, or praised Mr. Fool from the bottom of their hearts.

Cattleya hadn't joined when Amon possessed The Sun Derrick, and she had only learned of it during a few of the subsequent discussions. Therefore, she knew little and didn't have deep thoughts about it. She just felt worried over the situation where Amon, a King of Angels, was seeking out the Tarot Club members.

Why would a King of Angels like Amon target the Tarot Club?

"He" likely discovered our organization from The Sun...

What goal does "He" have, and why is "He" so confident?

"He" is targeting Mr. Fool? "He" can sense the abnormalities of the gray fog?

But Mr. Fool said to ignore "Him"... This means that, under normal circumstances, Amon is unable to tell who is a Tarot Club member?

With Kings of Angels appearing, is the Fifth Epoch coming to an end?

After Alger relaxed from his tense state, he began thinking about something else.

Back when he informed the Church of Storms about Bansy Harbor's problem, his excuse was that he had heard "someone at a bar mentioning it." And he had described this person using Blasphemer Amon's image!

Thankfully, even if the Church were to encounter Amon, with the way they handle things, they wouldn't verify and question this matter. And regardless of Amon's performance or because of his identity, they will definitely find him extremely suspicious and place weight on this suspicion... Alger wasn't worried that he would expose himself for this trivial problem; he only believed that it was best that he should be careful and not randomly use high-ranking Beyonders, especially angels and above, as scapegoats.

Hence, he warned himself.

Although not every high-ranking Beyonder is at the level of "any mention of it will be known," or have similar powers, mentioning it excessively might result in me encountering that existence due to the machinations of fate. After all, the higher one goes, the deeper the connections of fate will be!

Seeing that the Tarot Club members, especially the three in Backlund, were now wary of Amon's avatar and had abandoned any rash notion of targeting the Blasphemer, Klein relaxed and leaned back, looking leisurely around to indicate that the floor was theirs.

Cattleya reined in her worries over the Northern and Southern Continent and the Five Seas before looking to the seat of honor at the long bronze table.

"Honorable Mr. Fool, I have three new diary pages again this time."

She remembered vividly that, at the end of last Monday's Tarot Gathering, she had informed the meaning of the two "Rosellean characters" to Queen Mystic. However, she only received a reply on Sunday. In it were three new diary pages and a question of medium length.

"The place his mind and spirit calls home, is it on that island, or the depths of the cosmos?"

When Cattleya ruminated over this question, she seemed to sense the emotional upheavals that were happening when Queen Mystic wrote it, unlike her usual calm self.

Given her understanding of Queen Mystic Bernadette, she sighed inwardly.

In Her Majesty's heart, Emperor Roselle is an unresolved knot. This is the reason why she ultimately doesn't dare to advance to Sequence 2?

Klein had no idea what Ma'am Hermit was thinking; all he did was nod and indicated that she could conjure the new Roselle diary pages.

Soon, the three yellowish-brown goatskin pages appeared in his palm.

"10th March. I participated in that ancient and most secret organization's gathering.

"After many observations, I'm increasingly puzzled by one problem: What does it mean to be the trend of the times? Who defines that trend?

"If it's really as they claim, when everything ends and the original Creator is resurrected from the dead, awakening from his slumber, he would gather everything back into his body to create a new world and new history. Then, there's no need for them to let the times develop according to what they expect of the times. They can quickly come up with all kinds of schemes, such as triggering a world war, a war between angels, or even a war between deities. Wouldn't that accelerate their goals?

"Or could it be the case that 'the times' is part of the original Creator? Only when 'the times' develop according to a certain expectation can 'He' draw energy from it and revive? This isn't scientific... Of course, whatever I see and participate in now isn't scientific at all...

"Actually, if I had any say, why revive the Creator who rides above all? Everyone can just go through the motions and enjoy themselves without any restrictions. Isn't that better?

"Based on my observations, hehe, many members share views similar to mine. However, some are stubborn and inflexible, adhering strictly to their beliefs. I wonder whether they should be called idealists or mad cultists.

"The person I find most inscrutable is that mysterious leader. Old Mister Hermes told me that this organization began with him--no, 'Him.' It was formed from people who shared 'His' beliefs and goals. However, 'He' seldom expresses 'His' thoughts and never stops the many members who use the organization for their own ends. At times, I even forget 'His' existence. 'He' seems to enjoy sitting there and silently watching everyone converse.

"But on one matter, I witnessed 'His' might. A High-Sequence Beyonder who had gone against their so-called trend of the times was put forth by 'Him.' In thirty seconds, the person became a target of elimination. And I believe that the poor fellow wouldn't survive past summer.

"Who is 'He'? Some ancient god that survived the Second Epoch??"

Roselle had used two question marks at the end of the sentence to express his strong doubts. This was something he seldom did; hence, Klein suspected that this was the reason why Bernadette had chosen this diary entry.

Chapter 891: Strange Chapel

The mysterious leader of the Twilight Hermit Order enjoys sitting there, silently watching everyone converse. Once "He" wishes for something to be done, the matter can very quickly reach a consensus... This really matches the characteristics of the Spectator pathway... I'm increasingly convinced that "He" is Amon's brother, the other son of the Creator, Adam... In his later years, the emperor learned plenty of secrets from Mr. Door and was probably able to come up with similar conclusions... As Klein compared the descriptions in the diary with what he already knew to come up with theories and verify them, he lowered his gaze to read the rest of the content of the page.

"11th March. The more I recall what happened yesterday, the more afraid I am. A demigod had his fate sealed with just a few words. He didn't even have the chance to express his disapproval. And the composition of this ancient secret organization convinces me that, apart from dealing with the seven orthodox Churches, there is nothing that they can't do. Even the toppling of a nation isn't impossible.

"How lucky I am to be pulled into this organization; otherwise, who knows if I might one day be assassinated without any means of resisting. I'll die with my eyes wide open!

"This kind of organization that hides behind the scenes, secretly passing judgment on others, and deciding whether their targets live or die is really unacceptable. Even if I'm one of their members, I'm still appalled and feel a deep-seated fear.

"This world is so much more dangerous than Earth. Perhaps just being born with relatively high spirituality, casually leafing through an ancient tome, simply boarding a ship to conduct business, admiring some lady's beauty, entering some castle because of one's love of traveling, being woken up by fighting next door in the middle of the night, or creating something meaningful, these would be enough to cause one to die a baffling, tragic death!

"And this is one of the reasons driving me to improve myself, to advance and gain the ability to determine my own fate. I can definitely succeed. I'm the protagonist of this era, ha!"

"12th March. I feel there's a need to seek out some material regarding the Fourth, Third, and even Second Epochs. The experience that came from joining that ancient secret organization tells me that there might be countless secrets hidden here, the kind that will influence the direction of an epoch.

"Unfortunately, such information is astonishingly rare. They're either kept by the Church, or they have been destroyed. I believe that I'm unlikely to gain much simply by relying on my subordinates. The best method is still to raise my Sequence. It will allow me to gain a higher status and greater power in the Church."

From this diary page, it's obvious that the emperor established contact with Mr. Door long after he joined the Twilight Hermit Order. Perhaps he was already a High-Sequence Beyonder; otherwise, there was no way he could withstand Mr. Door's ravings... Compared to the emperor, it's so much easier for me to investigate history. For the Fourth Epoch, I have his diary. For the Second, I have the City of Silver. From time to time, I can even encounter the evil spirit that was formed by a King of Angels... Hmm, in the middle of his life, the emperor seems to tone down his delusions of grandeur... Klein flipped to the second diary page at ease.

"18th May. I've been having nightmares recently. I dream of myself wearing ancient silver-gray armor and sitting beside a cliff. In front of me is silence, and there's a bottomless black fog beneath me. It was filled with corruption and evil. Merely looking at it was enough to influence me. Toward the end, complicated, jet-black patterns appeared on my face as I monitored the abyss. My skin turned hard and I had the feeling that sticky liquid was flowing across the surface of my body. My eyes became utterly irrational.

"It was a reflection of the Abyss. It was the reflection of the Abyss which I saw and attempted to enter last month!

"As this nightmare becomes more frequent, I realize that extreme thoughts are occurring to me more and more often. Occasionally, anger at being beaten might make me want to tear off the limbs of my target. Also, dark red lumps are growing on my back. My body temperature is also gradually decreasing.

"Is this a form of corruption from the Abyss?

"I have to think of a way to confirm and resolve it!

"For the time being, I cannot get the Church's help; otherwise, I'll have to divulge the existence of the primitive island and the Abyss.

"Yes, I can find the priests and bishops of the Eternal Blazing Sun. They're more skilled at purification!"

"19th May. Through some connections, I received some secret treatment. I felt much more at ease. All my abnormalities have begun to improve.

"Amidst my joy, I also thought of a problem. I had only explored the periphery of the Abyss, without making contact with any high-level Devils. I even had an object on the Black King that could resist corruption; yet, I was affected without realizing it and even had signs of being corrupted. Those Criminal pathway Beyonders would make sacrifices to high-level Devils from time to time; the corruption they suffer must be even worse. In time, it probably becomes untreatable, and they can only be cleansed--both body and aura.

"Likewise, High-Sequence Beyonders, especially angels, should be able to exert influence on Low- and Mid-Sequence Beyonders of the same pathway. Due to the difference in level, there are corresponding limitations on distance. When one becomes a true god, there's a high probability that they can "communicate" across the whole world and the spirit world without any obstructions...

"This raises a question: Am I being influenced to a certain extent by the God of Craftsmanship, no--Should I say the God of Steam and Machinery? This is quite scary. It appears that only by becoming a demigod will I be able to escape this influence?

"Thankfully, since the Fifth Epoch, there haven't been any examples of true gods leaving the astral world to descend upon the land. Likewise, pathways without true gods do not have such severe problems."

"20th May. After a period of being dispirited, I've returned to the social scene!

"Fuck, those bastards have been secretly mocking me, saying that the reason for me not coming out recently is that I indulged too much and weakened myself! Just because my dark eye circles are more obvious because of my nightmare-induced poor sleep quality?

"Hehe, I want to let them know what a difference in talent truly means!"

I wonder what an angel's influence is like on a Low- or Mid-Sequence Beyonder... The transmission of ravings over great distances? Automatic characteristic attraction? Regardless of where it is, as long as one's honorific name is chanted, one will possess the godhood needed to respond? When meeting each other, is it the direct acquisition and erosion of one's Beyonder characteristic? If all of this is possible, it's equivalent to a mini-deity... It's no wonder that angels in the Second Epoch are called subsidiary deities... Klein's thoughts raced as he flipped the page in his hand to read the last diary page.

"12th October. Edwards ran to me, telling me that one of his knights discovered a strange chapel. It might have to do with the faith before the Fourth Epoch.

"This piqued my interest as I immediately rushed to the small town of Bayman."

"13th October. Bayman is a tiny town built on a mountain. The buildings all have protruding domes, just like a white straw hat. They are quite distinctive.

"Following the street and climbing several flights of stairs, I finally found the strange chapel. On the surface, it looked like an ordinary residence with no distinguishing features. Only upon entering could one discover how different it was.

"There was only one priest here. He was a genial middle-aged man who wore a simple white robe. He had a pale gold beard that covered half his face. His light-colored eyes were as clear as a child's.

"He claimed the place to be a temple of the Creator. Any creature of any species, any believer of any deity could enter.

"When I heard this, it reminded me of a question I had. Apart from the seven orthodox deities, all other faiths are deemed heretical. They are unable to openly build a cathedral other than that of the original Creator. However, no such Church has ever come into existence. Even cathedrals are extremely rare!

"In front of the chapel was a simple baldachin. In it was a man carrying a cross. This was likely the divine image of the so-called Creator.

"I sat in the front pew and idly chatted with the priest. He told me of many different stories.

"He said that when humans were first born, those who ruled the skies, land, and sea were all sorts of crazy, bloodthirsty monsters. They were said to be the progenitors of later species: dragons, giants, and elves.

"These monsters freely indulged in their desires, occupying all kinds of places. It appeared that it wouldn't take long before they destroyed the entire world. At this moment, it was the Creator who awoke. 'He' retrieved the special traits and powers that they had been blessed with, and bestowed them upon humanity.

"After that, 'He' returned to his slumber, leaving behind a prophecy:

"When madness, cruelty, greed, indulgence, coldness, and bloodthirstiness drown the land once again, 'He' will awaken and retrieve everything.

"As we spoke, the priest clutched the cross hanging at his chest and silently prayed.

"Such a myth is completely different from the Churches' canon. There are many interesting parts that are worth thinking about."

"15th October. I've been back in Trier for a day. Only then did I remember that I had forgotten to ask the priest for his name!

"Forget it. There will still be a chance in the future. My sixth sense as a man tells me that I'll definitely head to that chapel again."

Isn't this the condensed version of the City of Silver's myth? Hmm, the period around the end of the Second Epoch and the beginning of the Third Epoch... That priest seems to know a lot. Perhaps, an organization that has passed down such a myth for generations must know a great deal... Klein's mind stirred as the diary pages in his hand vanished.

Then, he looked up at Ma'am Hermit.

"Go ahead."

Cattleya immediately bowed her head.

"Honorable Mr. Fool, what I wish to know is whether the place Emperor Roselle's mind and spirit call home is on that island or in the depths of the cosmos?"

That island? That primitive island that caused Grimm to die and had left the emperor shocked? From the looks of it, the emperor treated the island with great importance towards the end of his life. Even Queen Mystic Bernadette noticed it...

What do the depths of the cosmos mean? The astral world? Or some other planet? Many things about the emperor transcend his era, so he's suspected by his daughter to be an alien?

Although it's a little ridiculous, it adheres to logic. After all, research has proven that this is a planet. The Sun is a star, and apart from that is the endless universe, with its countless stars and galaxies... How should I answer? I can't just tell her about transmigration. But it's not like I can't say anything... Klein pondered for a while before shaking his head with a smile.

"Neither of them."

Chapter 892: Individual "Comprehension"

Neither of them... Cattleya ruminated over Mr. Fool's reply, suddenly feeling at a loss as to the true meaning of the question.

She originally imagined that the place that Emperor Roselle's mind and spirit called home had to involve something philosophical or mystical. For example, the island might refer to the divine kingdom of the deity of his faith; the depths of the cosmos might refer to the astral world, indicating Emperor Roselle's belief in surpassing himself in his quest for a deity's throne. In the end, Mr. Fool answered that it was neither. This denied nearly every possibility, making it difficult for her to think of any other answer.

Perhaps what Her Majesty wishes to ask is not something I understand. Mr. Fool's answer points to another explanation... It doesn't matter if I understand it. I'm merely a messenger between them... Cattleya sighed inwardly as she sincerely bowed.

"Thank you for your answer."

The other Tarot Club members were baffled by the question and answer. Although they understood the reason for the question and the actual meaning of the mental and spiritual home was, they couldn't make any connection to the island or the depths of the cosmos. Hence, each formed their own interpretations and guesses, yet all felt that their theories were distant from the truth.

Subconsciously, Fors believed that the island referred to the woman Roselle loved the most. The depths of the cosmos referred to the emperor's late years when he cast his gaze to what he deemed "the Sea of Stars."

Audrey believed that the island referred to one's island of self-consciousness in psychology. The sea represented the conscious mind, and below the sea's surface was the subconscious. And the cosmos referred to the spiritual sky that represented the astral world. Hence, the corresponding question became "Did Emperor Roselle believe in himself, the deities, or nature alone?"

From this angle, Mr. Fool's answer appeared rather strange. It was as though "He" was saying that Emperor Roselle didn't believe in anything, including himself.

I might be misinterpreting it... But if that's really the case, Emperor Roselle might seem conflicted based on what Mr. Fool says, but in fact, it might conceal a deeper secret... Or it could be that, in his later years, he had seen through life. He began thinking about the universe, the world, deities, and the basic qualities of humanity. He became a pessimist and a nihilist? Audrey seemed to be training her abilities as she thought with keen interest.

Alger had similar thoughts as Cattleya. As for Emlyn, he considered it for a moment before decisively giving up when he realized he had no clue. Derrick had no interest in Emperor Roselle, but he didn't break the silence. He kept considering the conversations he was to have later.

Finally, The Fool, who was cloaked by the gray fog, chuckled and said, "You may begin."

Alger immediately looked at The World and deliberated over his words.

"Sorry, your mystical item will require a little more time."

Without waiting for him to speak, he quickly gave an explanation:

"That Artisan had mysteriously fallen ill, and suspicious 'snoopers' have appeared in the vicinity. This resulted in a delay. I will personally make a trip to see if I can resolve his problems so that he can quickly recover. We'll try to make the mystical item you need within two weeks."

He spoke extremely sincerely as a way to express his apologies and seriousness about the matter. But in his actual description, he had secretly shifted all the blame onto the Artisan. It was as though he was saying to The World that if he were displeased, I will teach him a lesson for you. If that's not enough, I will even give you his exact location for you to personally pay him a visit.

That Artisan sure is troublesome... Mr. Hanged Man treats this quite seriously. Hmm, non-official, or should I say Artisans who are willing to accept orders from unknown origins, are extremely rare. If they can be secured, it's best that they are secured... Klein pondered for a moment and got The World to hoarsely reply, "I will allow this delay, but there shouldn't be a next time."

He spoke very calmly, but it alarmed Alger. He could almost feel the hidden murderous intent in The World, Gehrman Sparrow,.

"Thank you for your understanding," he said with a staid expression.

Upon hearing their conversation, Cattleya looked at The Hanged Man, curled her lips, and nudged her glasses. She said, "If you are unable to resolve the problems, I can help."

From her point of view, as long as the problem wasn't serious, she could even do it for free. After all, this meant that she could skip The Hanged Man and directly establish contact with the Artisan.

Alger obviously sensed the true intent of this pirate admiral. He felt that she was beginning to seriously encroach on his territory, giving him a certain level of pressure. He paused for a moment and replied calmly, "Then, I will thank you on his behalf for your kindness."

On the one hand, he expressed his close ties with the Artisan, and on the other hand, didn't directly object to her help; thus, giving him sufficient leeway. Compared to having Gehrman Sparrow find fault with him, sacrificing some benefits wasn't something unacceptable.

Cattleya did not belabor the matter as she turned to look at The World.

"Are you pleased with the information on West Balam?"

She had already gathered all the information on West Balam that Gehrman Sparrow needed last Thursday. She had handed it to him via the strange messenger.

She was filled with fear when it came to Mr. Fool, so given any other methods, she was unwilling to disturb that existence.

It cost me a total of 300 pounds. If it wasn't good enough, I would've asked for a refund there and then! Klein mumbled and made The World give a terse confirmation.

Then, the fabricated persona turned to Miss Magician.

Fors immediately felt uncomfortable, like a rat caught in a cat's sights. She couldn't help but consider if she had done something wrong.

Could it be that during my conversation with Xio, my description, no--defamation of Dwayne Dantes, was heard by him? Or is he displeased that I didn't refund him the money? Fors pushed aside thoughts of the bodyguard assignment from a few days earlier as she asked, trembling with alarm, "Mr. World, i-is there something?"

The World nodded. "I have a commission.

"Get information on Calderon City from the Abraham family. Most important of all is its location."

Calderon City... Why is The World suddenly searching for this mysterious spirit world city? An instruction from Mr. Fool? It's a new part of his reawakening plans? Cattleya had some idea about Calderon City, so she was quite perplexed.

The other Tarot Club members, including Fors, didn't know what city The World was looking for. They could only remain silent. Among them, Emlyn felt that he had heard of it before, but he couldn't recall the exact details.

Four seconds later, Fors managed a smile.

"No problem. I can help you ask."

"How much would it cost?" The World asked calmly.

1,000 pounds! No, 500 pounds, no--I still need to deduct the bodyguard fee... Fors's mind raced and finally gave her price:

"350 pounds."

That's cheap. Other than the spirit world's Seven Lights, perhaps only the Abraham family has detailed information on Calderon City... Yes, to Miss Magician, it's just about asking her teacher. It really is simple and convenient. It's no wonder it's not expensive... Klein was surprised at first, then came to a realization. He made The World nod and say, "Deal."

After watching this transaction close, Audrey noticed something amusing.

Miss Magician seems to be very afraid of Mr. World. Her fear had become almost reflexive!

She had previously met Dwayne Dantes, but didn't know that he was Gehrman Sparrow. During this period, she discovered something terrifying? Hmm, I'll arrange to meet her and Xio at Glaint's place. Let's see if I can figure out something... Audrey thought as she nodded imperceptibly.

At this moment, seeing that The World had nothing else, Emlyn hurriedly looked at The Sun.

"Do you have the Sequence 5 Beyonder characteristic of the artificial vampire?"

"I haven't accrued enough merit points." Derrick didn't feel ashamed this time. Instead, he felt that Mr. Moon was being overly anxious. How could the points needed for a Sequence 5 Beyonder characteristic be so easily amassed?

Emlyn turned away in displeasure, then suddenly remembered something. He hurriedly said to Miss Magician, "I have clues to the cursed item and remnant spirituality from an ancient wraith. I'm waiting for more detailed information.

"This might not be an item to give to you directly, but one to provide you with some information about where you can find an ancient wraith in the vicinity of Backlund."

After a moment's thought, Emlyn said, "300 pounds."

This means I have to hunt the ancient wraith myself? Based on various mysticism rumors, this is quite a powerful monster... After hearing what Mr. Moon had to say, Fors's first reaction was that it was a dilemma. Her second reaction was to commission the hunting mission to Mr. World. She was certain that he could quickly and successfully complete it! But upon the thought that hiring Mr. World might cost far more than what the ancient wraith itself was worth, she felt that it was better to attempt it herself.

I'll wait until Xio becomes an Interrogator. Together, we should have a higher chance... Besides, I still have Leymano's Travels with me. On it is a demigod-level High-Sequence Beyonder power and Angel's Embrace. There are plenty of unique Beyonder powers in it, and below that of High-Sequence Beyonders, it's practically a divine artifact... Uh, I have little actual combat experience since I spend most of my time fleeing. This is an opportunity... Fors quickly made a decision and said to The Moon Emlyn, "Deal."

After confirming some other matters, the transaction segment came to an end. Klein got The World, Gehrman Sparrow, to speak before Mr. Hanged Man could, sweeping his gaze around the table and saying, "My preliminary investigations regarding Cuaron's suicide in Backlund have borne fruit."

Chapter 893: Hair-Resembling Plants

The person most interested in Cuaron's suicide was none other than Justice Audrey. However, she had long noticed that Fors had some interest in the case. Hence, she didn't ask and maintained her posture, patiently waiting for a particular best-selling author to pose the question.

In just a second or two, Fors looked at the borders of the table in front of The World and asked after some deliberation, "What's the truth?"

Klein had already rehearsed how he was to describe it, so without any hesitation, he got The World to say, "The mastermind behind it is the royal family's consultant, Hvin Rambis. He probably has another identity--a councillor of the Psychology Alchemists."

When she heard the first sentence, Audrey's mind had already conjured the image of a genial elder. This man came from an aristocratic background. He had graduated from Berth University and possessed profound knowledge and outstanding insight. He had been a consultant to the royal family for more than a decade and was widely regarded as a scholar, a good man, a gentleman.

Audrey had previously suspected that Cuaron's suicide might have been instigated by the royal family, but she never expected the mastermind to be the genial, amiable, kind, and humorous Hvin Rambis!

When The World revealed the man's other identity, she found herself unable to hide her alarm and puzzlement.

Hvin Rambis is a Beyonder? He's a councillor of the Psychology Alchemists?

This also means that he might be a demigod... I've seen him so many times, but I've never connected him to the mysterious world. I always found him to be solely a scholar, a knowledgeable scholar...

If Mr. World wasn't misled in his investigations, I'd really find it unbelievable. That Hvin Rambis, known for helping others, would treat a life with such coldness. He coldly made a child lose his father, a wife lose her husband, parents lose their son... He usually presents himself as cultured and loving... Hmm, politics is dirtier than I imagined. The same goes for the royal family...

Speaking of which, I have yet to meet a councilor of the Psychology Alchemists. I've never made contact with their upper echelons. I never expected that this secret organization is almost no different from cults such as the Aurora Order and Numinous Episcopate... Our Tarot Club is better. Mr. Fool is always stopping or disrupting the plans of the evil gods and devils...

While Audrey's mind was in chaos, Alger acutely sensed the brewing problems in Backlund's political climate. He felt that various factions were interlinked and that there were many secrets. They formed a massive bucket of explosives that could explode at any time.

The nobles, royal family, Church of Storms, Church of Evernight, Church of Steam, the burgeoning rich, commoners living on the brink, and the lowest classes living in abject poverty... The revolution of the times is so obvious. To think I didn't recognize this at all. I just simply believed Qilangos's words and the "evidence" he showed. An epoch where the old gods fade and new gods arise is about to descend. The tides of history are roaring in an unstoppable manner... Alger silently sighed, seemingly seeing the tall gothic bell tower and the Bell of Order that hung in it. And surrounding this famous landmark, swirls of air were materializing and the light was darkening. It appeared that eddies were gathering into hurricanes.

Suddenly, Alger had a theory.

What arises might not be a new god, but an ancient god from an even more remote age...

He instinctively glanced at the seat of honor at the end of the long bronze table before quickly retracting his gaze. He could hardly quell the upheavals in his heart.

At that moment, he had a baffling feeling that his ambition and goals were too puny. He had only wanted to become an archbishop of the Church of Storms, a saint. In this position, he would have authority in the world and he could direct many things in secret.

Since the old gods are fading away and new gods are rising, Mr. Fool will be returning to "His" throne in the astral world. Then why shouldn't I consider being an angel?

Only at this level can I complete a qualitative change in my existence. I'll be able to live a long lifespan. Only then can I lord over people and lead a large-scale organization. I'll wield authority over the world!

As thoughts flashed through his mind, Alger trembled in an almost indiscernible manner. His heart surged with excitement.

When Cattleya connected Queen Mystic's whereabouts for the past two months, she felt that the latter had been spending much of her time in Backlund.

Is something about to happen in Backlund? I can try asking when I write this time. I wonder what response Her Majesty will give... Cattleya nudged her heavy glasses on her nose and swept her gaze across Miss Justice and the other members from Backlund.

Fors knew some of the details of Cuaron's suicide case. She knew that the victim had acted on his own the entire time and that he wasn't controlled. She also knew that the witnesses believed without a doubt that everything was a result of Dwayne Dantes. Comparing this with the actual situation filled her with a deep fear of the councillor of the Psychology Alchemists. She dreaded one day discovering that her thoughts and hobbies were all a result of someone else's doing.

How is this different from being a puppet? A High-Sequence Beyonder of the Spectator pathway is terrifying... However, this is really good writing material. Currently, the science of psychology already has hypnosis... In my next book, I want to write about a sick girl liking a gentleman. She uses hypnosis to make him fall in love with her. The ending climax is when she discovers that the gentleman is actually a master hypnotist... Fors opened her mouth before closing it again. She didn't ask further about Hvin Rambis since she didn't know him at all.

Klein had shared this information about Hvin Rambis chiefly to warn Miss Justice. He wanted her to be wary of this Psychology Alchemists councilor. Now, seeing that his goal had been achieved, he said, "There's another matter. Help me take note of Brigadier General Qonas Kilgor. He's the deputy director of MI9. On the surface, he's only a Sequence 5, but in fact, he's a Black Emperor pathway demigod. He possesses rather keen spiritual perception and can readily detect when others are observing him."

Qonas Kilgor... Audrey repeated this name inwardly and realized that she had no impression of this gentleman.

Either we have little overlap in our social circles, to the point of just nodding at each other when bumping into one another without asking who the other is, or he keeps an extremely low profile. He doesn't attend such gatherings often... If I have a chance, I should ask Kance. He's from MI9. He definitely knows this superior of his... Audrey was no longer surprised that Qonas was a demigod despite being a Sequence 5 in name. From her point of view, it was common for members of an intelligence agency to be in such situations.

Alger and Cattleya had more or less heard of the high-ranking member of MI9, Qonas Kilgor. However, they lacked a deeper understanding of the matter, so all they could do was refresh whatever they knew and remind themselves to be especially careful when encountering anything to do with the person in question.

Seeing that Mr. World had nothing else to share, Derrick didn't wait for Mr. Hanged Man to ask. He said, "I've made a new friend again."

He paused for a moment before getting to the crux of the matter.

"The area he patrols includes the former Chief's mausoleum. He told me that the six-member council has yet to open the door that leads underground. However, lush, strange plants are growing through cracks in the mausoleum's outer stonework. They look like human hair."

The six-member council has three demigod members. Even if some are away on expeditions and aren't in the City of Silver, the other three likely control a certain powerful Sealed Artifact or have Grazed an evil spirit, giving them nearly demigod strength.

Despite joining forces for this many days, they haven't managed to open the entrance to the former Chief's mausoleum... This means that it's quite a serious problem... Also, why have plants resembling human hair suddenly begun to grow? One question after another arose in Klein's mind as he waited for The Hanged Man to ask Little Sun.

He knew that the former would definitely have questions.

Alger, who finished listening quietly, frowned slightly before relaxing his brows. After some deliberation, he said, "Apart from that, are there any anomalies?

"Is the one in charge of opening the mausoleum that Shepherd Elder Lovia?"

"It's not her. The Chief is present too. Likewise for two other Elders," Derrick answered seriously. "There aren't any other anomalies for the time being."

Alger nodded and said, "Very good. Maintain your present state. Establish communications with more people. Keep a note of any changes with that mausoleum."

After being praised, Derrick hurriedly nodded as he answered eagerly.

After a few more exchanges of words, the gathering naturally began the learning segment. Fors had planned on asking what the Pharaoh mummy was for, but after seeing The World, she shut her mouth.

When the gathering ended, Klein, who had returned to the real world, turned on the tap and washed his face and hands before patiently waiting for night to come.

When the time came, he would be riding on a military airship to Desi Bay.

Southern Continent, Behrens Harbor.

As the Golden Dream was cruising south in the Fog Sea, Danitz only took a few days to arrive at the harbor northmost of West Balam.

He draped himself with a dark-colored cloak and carried a suitcase. Wearing the Sun Brooch inside his clothes, he carried an iron-black boxing glove close to his chest. He was walking down the harbor's roads and was out while sweating profusely. He felt that he was already armed to the teeth, far stronger than he was before.

Once out the harbor, Danitz glanced to his sides and extended his hand to stop a carriage.

When the carriage driver saw him, he rattled off a string of words:

"ht @&&&()(())..."

What is he saying... Danitz looked blankly at him. It took him a few seconds to recall one thing.

He didn't know the local language, Dutanese, at all! And back when he came to West Balam, he had his captain, a polyglot, leading the crew. He didn't need to worry that he didn't understand anything.

Chapter 894: Meeting

Danitz gaped as he blurted in Intis, "Hotel."

The air seemed to freeze instantly as Danitz looked at the carriage driver's dark-brown skin, coarse and messy black hair, rather soft facial contours, and blank expression. He exhaled silently and cursed his luck, then silently carried his luggage to walk down the street.

"Dogsh*t! I actually encountered a carriage driver who doesn't know Intis! Shouldn't someone who picks up passengers near the harbor know a few Northern Continent languages? There are so many people from Intis, Loen, and Feysac around here!" As Danitz grumbled, he scanned the street for pedestrians who appeared to be of Northern Continent descent hoping they could help him find a hotel and a meal.

According to what he knew, Behrens Harbor had quite a number of people from Intis, Loen, Feynapotter, and Feysac who had migrated here. As long as he met one, communication wouldn't be a problem.

However, Danitz felt that all of this depended on one thing: he had to ensure that he didn't collapse from heatstroke.

"This dogsh*t weather!" He looked up at the azure-blue sky, white clouds, and the sun, which was not especially fierce. Grimacing as he cursed, he raised his hand to wipe the sweat from his forehead.

Despite his cursing, Danitz actually knew that the temperature in the Southern Continent was considered mild to the point that even calling it slightly cool wasn't an exaggeration. He felt so hot because he was wearing the Sun Brooch. However, having just arrived and being unfamiliar with his surroundings, he didn't dare remove the brooch to stow it in his luggage. If he were to lose the item, he could imagine the cold, crazed look Gehrman Sparrow would give him.

Come on, give me a few people from the Northern Continent. Any country would do. I'm a famous pirate who knows several languages, after all... Danitz kept muttering under his breath as all he could think of was iced beer and icebergs that floated in the ocean.

As he muttered, he suddenly rubbed his eyes.

He had finally seen someone who was clearly of Northern Continent descent!

Furthermore, it seemed to be someone familiar!

Diagonally ahead of Danitz, at a street illuminated by bright sunlight, a young man with blond short hair that was split seventy-thirty was leaning against a wall, blowing into a silver harmonica.

He had emerald-green eyes, and he wore a white shirt that didn't have the top two buttons buttoned up. He wore a completely unbuttoned black vest, dark-colored trousers, and a single black glove. He was none other than the Strongest Hunter of the Fog Sea, Anderson Hood!

What a coincidence! This fellow actually came to West Balam... Danitz felt delighted deep down, feeling that he had finally found a lifeline in the sea of strangers. Ignoring Anderson's actions on the Golden Dream, he approached him and greeted him with the customary banter between Hunters.

"What happened? Treasure hunting hasn't been working out for you, so you've begun busking on the streets?"

He noticed that Anderson had an overturned hat in front of him. In it were about twenty to thirty brass coins. A few of them were Intis Coppets, with the majority being local Delexi.

In Intis, Delexi meant copper coins.

Anderson stopped playing the harmonica as he shot Danitz a glance.

"That's not my hat.

"I happened to walk past and saw a hat on the ground. Seeing how no one discovered it, I felt a little wistful and took out my harmonica to play it. To my surprise, quite a number of people gathered around to listen and threw money in it.

"A boorish pirate like you probably doesn't understand the beauty of music and how it has no borders. I'm telling you, your captain especially likes..."

"Stop!" Danitz's forehead throbbed as he stopped Anderson from diverting the topic of conversation. He asked, "Why are you here?"

Anderson held the harmonica and thought about it seriously.

"That's a good question.

"I have no idea why I'm here in West Balam either. I don't remember a thing that has happened over the past two months."

Danitz originally wanted him to cut it out, but Anderson's serious expression convinced him. He deliberated and asked, "You don't remember a thing?"

Anderson put away the silver harmonica, bent down, picked up the hat with quite a number of coins, and dusted it.

"My last memory was of me in Bayam with Gehrman Sparrow. After going our separate ways, I had apparently gone somewhere to meet someone. When I woke up, I was already here in West Bayam...

"Haha, don't be concerned over such matters. What matters is that I'm still alive. Ah, it's almost noon. Let's go have a meal. I heard that Behrens is famous for its pork knuckles."

While saying that, Anderson set the hat and its coins beside a tramp to his side.

Already hot, hungry, and exhausted, Danitz was invigorated upon hearing that.

"You know Dutanese?"

Anderson chuckled.

"Haven't you heard of my numerous adventures as a treasure hunter in West Balam?"

That's right. I had thought of seeking you out to get information on West Balam... The situation here is chaotic, and it's rather dangerous. I'll definitely be safer with Anderson around. Also, I'll have an interpreter! I can't say I'm hiring him, as I can't afford him... Danitz slowly revealed a smile.

"That puts me at ease. Let's go."

Carrying his luggage, he followed Anderson around to a nearby main street and found a restaurant.

Upon hearing the waiter speak in his native tongue, and seeing the menu filled with indecipherable text, Danitz's head began to ache as he hurriedly said to Anderson, "I'll leave it to you."

As he spoke, he handed the menu to the Strongest Hunter of the Fog Sea.

Anderson did not take it as he replied with a composed expression, "I can't read it either."

"... Didn't you say you know Dutanese?" Danitz blurted out in surprise.

Anderson threw up his hands.

"I didn't say that.

"What do my repeated visits to West Balam in search of treasure have to do with knowing Dutanese?"

"Without knowing Dutanese, how are you able to understand those texts in the ancient temples and castle ruins? How do you seek out treasure?" Danitz's expression contorted bit by bit as his tone sped up without him realizing it.

Anderson picked up the cup served by the waiter and gulped it down.

"Problems that can be solved with a dictionary aren't problems.

"Besides, does not knowing Dutanese mean you can't communicate with the people from the Southern Continent?"

With that said, he turned to look at the waiter. Speaking in the Intis language, he said, "Two specialty pork knuckles."

The waiter obviously gave him a blank look as he kept pointing at the menu.

Anderson did not look flustered in the least as he unhurriedly pressed his right hand to his nose and mimicked the grunting of a pig.

The waiter stared blankly at first, then brightened in understanding. Then, Anderson pointed first at his knuckles, then at the Behrens label on the menu before using his fingers to show two.

"%$H#" As the waiter spoke in an accented Dutanese, he repeatedly nodded to show his comprehension. By the side,

Danitz watched in astonishment.

After a series of gestures, mixed with a few basic Dutanese words, he finally finished ordering the meal. Turning his head to Danitz, he smiled.

"Get it? In this world, there's a common language--body language!"

Danitz watched with a frozen expression as he curled the corners of his lips as a response.

A carriage drove out of West Borough, and it headed south at an intersection. Soon, it arrived at a military base.

With Colonel Calvin's letter and a junior officer escorting him, Klein successfully entered the base and arrived at a square paved with rammed earth. Berthed on it was a dark-blue and white behemoth.

This airship was dozens of meters long, and its truss had a framework of strong, lightweight composite metal. They were interlocked as they held up an impermeable envelope. Beneath it were openings mounted with machine guns, bomb launchers, and cannons.

At this moment, the ignition steam engine had yet to hum, and the corresponding propellers were still static. Everything appeared extremely silent.

Klein handed his documents and proof of identity to the officer guarding the gangway. After receiving permission, he walked up onto the airship with his suitcase in hand.

It was like a ship with three sections. The uppermost section had complicated machinery and a cargo hold. The middle section had a hall for buffets and balls. Surrounding the hall were hallways that led to the upper and lower sections. These hallways included lounges. As for the lowest section, they were the rooms for the machine guns, bomb launchers, and cannons, as well as the soldiers' cabins.

Walking by the guards equipped with rifles, Klein followed the instructions he received from the officer and found the lounge reserved for him. He placed his luggage beside a sofa-like chair.

Then, he picked up a cup of water on the table, walked to the window, and took in the scenery outside.

To be frank, although he knew a little of everything, it was really only a little. Therefore, he didn't understand the design principles used for this new airship model. He didn't know how high it could go or how stable it was in midair.

This left him a little uneasy. Before setting off, he had even done a divination above the gray fog. He received a revelation that he would arrive at his destination rather smoothly.

There seems to be a safety belt. This world's airship industry has plenty of years of history. They have quite a bit of experience accumulated in all aspects... Klein was just about to retract his gaze and admire the room's decor and candlelight when he noticed a group of people approaching Airship 1345.

They were men and women, all of them wearing thin, black trench coats and red gloves. They were carrying leather suitcases of varying sizes. Only one of them wore a mysterious medium's robe. She had blue eyeshadow and blush, and she was none other than Daly Simone. And behind the lady was the black-haired, green-eyed Leonard Mitchell.

While no one noticed it, Leonard's footsteps suddenly slowed down. Then, he looked up at the midsection of the airship.

His eyes reflected the blue-eyed, gray-templed Dwayne Dantes who was wearing a suit and bow tie.

This gentleman was standing behind a window, revealing a genial smile as he raised the cup in his hand.

Chapter 895: Finally At Ease

Leonard's expression froze for a moment before he composed himself.

He had already remembered that Dwayne Dantes was working with the military and preparing to sell a batch of firearms and cannons to West Balam.

Therefore, even though it was surprising to see this gentleman appear on a military airship, it was hardly inexplicable.

The only issue is why he's heading to West Balam so quickly? Amon's arrival has also exerted some pressure on him? Leonard's mind raced as he leveled his gaze and followed his teammates up the gangway and into the midsection, where they entered a huge lounge reserved for them.

Not long after the Red Gloves took their seats, a deep hum sounded. The propellers began to turn amid a medley of mechanical friction. The noise made the floorboards and walls to gently shake.

As the tremors increased in intensity, it turned into a wobbling motion as the airship rose up and slowly regained its stability.

Klein had already sat down and buckled his seatbelt. He was looking at his surroundings out of curiosity as he experienced this new mode of flight.

"The takeoff isn't too stable. The altitude is also rather low, but as long as we don't encounter any hurricanes, the vibration is tolerable. I wonder how it was done..." Klein looked diagonally at the windows ahead without any intention of unbuckling his seatbelt or walking around.

This wasn't acrophobia even if he had a mild fear of heights. This was because he was briefly wearing Creeping Hunger and had the ability of Short-distance Flight and Teleport. He was only merely playing the part of a Desi tycoon who was riding on an airship for the first time.

At this moment, Klein's spiritual perception was triggered. He hurriedly clicked his teeth and activated Spirit Vision.

He saw the colors around him saturate as they clearly stacked upon one another. He saw bones surge up from the floor, gushing out like a fountain in midair, forming a giant skeleton that was nearly four meters tall.

This skeleton's eye sockets were burning with dark flames. It's arms were hanging down, holding a folded letter.

Mr. Azik's messenger... He has finally recovered from his state of metamorphosis? Klein was pleasantly surprised as he tried to stand up to receive the letter. But when he felt a force pulling him back at his abdomen, he recalled that had his seatbelt buckled.

When he reached out to unbuckle it, the skeleton messenger crouched down and stuffed the letter into his hands.

Klein was taken aback as he looked up into the eye sockets which were burning with pitch-black flames. He nodded gently as a gesture of gratitude.

He could understand why the messenger didn't appear from the section below, allowing half his body to tear through the floorboard, as this was a military airship. Apart from the Red Gloves, there were probably other Beyonders. They also had spiritual perceptions and different levels of Spirit Vision. They could also barely sense the messenger's existence. But I don't think that delivering a letter in such a crouched manner is being polite... I'd rather it did what it used to... Klein mumbled and saw the skeleton messenger crumble into illusory bones, gushing down like a waterfall.

In the huge lounge, Daly Simone, who still enjoyed being called a Spirit Medium, suddenly turned her head and looked at the room across the hall.

Her brows furrowed slightly as her eyes narrowed.

Daly immediately looked away and said to the low-ranking officer in the corner of the lounge who was acting as a waiter, "Make me a cocktail. Black Rand and champagne. Half each."

"That's a very strange mixture, Ma'am." As the officer unbuckled his seatbelt, he walked to the bar that was welded to the ground as he attempted to offer a suggestion.

Daly with her blue eyeshadow and blush said with a smile, "I enjoy unique tastes."

Upon saying that, she casually asked, "Is there anyone else on this airship besides the military officers and us?"

The officer answered while opening the bar's cabinet, "Yes."

"A merchant. Apparently, his name is Dwayne Dantes. He is working with the Ministry of Defense."

Dwayne Dantes... Daly was taken aback as she turned her eyes slightly away and asked, "What kind of work?"

To her right, Leonard Mitchell had subconsciously changed his seating posture. He switched from crossing his right leg over his left to his left over his right.

"I'm not sure," the officer answered with a shake of the head. "Apparently it has something to do with using the gentleman's experience in the Southern Continent."

"Southern Continent..." Daly repeated the word in thought and stopped asking.

In the small lounge opposite, Klein had already unfolded the letter to read it seriously.

It was indeed from Azik Eggers. He indicated that his previous experiences had allowed him to retrieve more of his memories. He had been forced to sleep while digesting and recovering, hence the delayed reply.

Klein truly relaxed as he cast his gaze towards the end in a good mood.

Regarding the Spirit World Plunderers, Azik's description was:

"It's a rather scheming and rare creature. They are very good at disguises, making it very difficult to find them... One thing to make use of is their strong aggressiveness. However, they're also very dangerous. Even with a strength that is close to Sequence 4, one needs to be sufficiently careful; otherwise, one can accidentally end up as its soul avatar...

"It's exact characteristic is... 'm not sure nor am I able to recall where Spirit World Plunderers are most active. I suggest you pray to Aiur Moria. 'He' is very friendly to humans and will be willing to answer similar questions while wielding authority in such matters... The ritual's key is the correct honorific name and symbol...

"Once you have the clues to a Spirit World Plunderer, you can wait a while. I might be able to provide you some help..."

How can I bother you... Klein raised his right hand and pinched the two ends of his mouth.

He then flipped the page and read the final page.

"Likewise, I will help you seal that glove once again... It's not that I do not wish to teach you the way to seal it, but it's unlikely that you can do it. This requires the power of the Underworld, requiring, at the very least, an Undying to do it...

"Alright. I should quickly have some free time. I recall you mentioning about Death's ring..."

Mr. Azik's changes don't seem too significant. At least I can't tell from the letter... Klein slowly exhaled as he flicked his wrist and ignited the paper in his hand, turning it to ashes before it floated into the trash can that was welded to the floor.

Although he didn't receive the whereabouts of Spirit World Plunderers from Azik, he could also determine that this descendant of Death similarly didn't remember Calderon City. He also guessed that this mysterious spirit world city likely had nothing to do with the Underworld; otherwise, Mr. Azik, who had already restored connections with the Underworld, should've recalled something about it. Even so, Klein still planned on replying to ask more about Calderon City.

Regardless, one should always have hope... Also, I should inform Mr. Azik that I'm in the Southern Continent... Klein seriously considered the contents of his reply.

However, he didn't immediately write it, afraid that the act of summoning the messenger would be noticed via the spiritual perception of the other Beyonders on board the airship.

As he turned his gaze, Klein looked out the window once again. It was dark and silent.

Looking at the dark sky with the concealed crimson moon, Admiral of Stars Cattleya looked away, picked up her pen, and deliberated over her words.

"The answer is neither."

She was originally somewhat perplexed as to why Queen Mystic hadn't directly asked what "home" was. Instead, she had attached two guesses. This made it easy for the question to receive an ineffective answer. But on second thought, she believed that Queen Mystic had thought it through in a way far better than she could've.

The question was addressed to a secret existence suspected of being an ancient god. She had only about twenty diary pages available, and each attempt cost her three. Even pages of great value could hardly equal a crucial question about the true home of Emperor Roselle's mind and spirit. The secrets concealed within might even be more important than a single Card of Blasphemy. Her Majesty seemed determined to ask this question and unwilling to substitute another. She had therefore supplied two alternatives, hoping either for direct confirmation or an answer by elimination. That reduced the question's value and preserved the principle of equivalent exchange... As Cattleya thought, she recalled something.

Back then, she was still young and was being educated on all kinds of information. Queen Mystic would test her and tell her that when answering a question, there were three opportunities for reducing the difficulty. First, eliminate a wrong option. Second, request the help of some specific person on the ship. Third, pray to one of the Seven Lights to receive the answer. Of course, the prerequisite to doing that was to complete the ritual herself.

Clearly, Queen Mystic had chosen to use the first method to reduce the difficulty.

Did Her Majesty have such an experience when she was little? After eliminating the two wrong options, I wonder how close she is to the real answer... Cattleya's expression unnaturally softened as she wrote:

"According to the intelligence I've gathered, there's a storm brewing in Backlund. I wish you well."

She didn't directly mention the deputy director of MI9 or the royal family's consultant. After all, they were news shared between the Tarot Club. It wasn't something she had asked herself and tacitly acquiesced by Mr. Fool to inform Queen Mystic directly.

Folding the letter, Cattleya summoned Queen Mystic Bernadette's messenger.

Behrens Harbor. It was twilight.

Danitz and Anderson found a hotel opened by an Intis immigrant, finally experiencing the convenience of not having any language barriers.

After putting down their luggage, Danitz immediately headed towards the staircase wearing a cloak and his boxing glove.

Anderson leaned against the opposite door and asked in amusement, "Is there anything else?"

Danitz immediately gave a sarcastic chortle.

"I'm heading out to buy a dictionary!

"This is way more reliable than your body language. In a few days, I might even be fluent in a few common words!"

Anderson stroked his chin with his left black-gloved hand.

"Your boxing glove was created from that giant's remains, right? What are its negative effects?"

Danitz blurted out, "Being rash, often acting before thinking..."

As he spoke, he fell silent.

Chapter 896: Daly's Probe

To buy a dictionary late at night, in a city that's somewhat chaotic. Furthermore, I obviously look like someone from Intis. That really is rather dangerous... No, I can't keep wearing this glove... Danitz was stunned for a few seconds before he raised his hand and attempted to take off his boxing glove.

When he was halfway done, he suddenly paused and sized up Anderson. When he saw him wearing a black glove on his left hand, he did a hollow chuckle and wore his glove again.

"I believe that in the Southern Continent, a place like this requires strength," Danitz added with a faint smile.

Anderson's expression remained the same as he continued stroking his chin.

"Then, what do you plan on doing?"

Danitz pointed at the staircase and said, "I plan on finding the hotel's boss and borrow his dictionary. I believe he will be teaching his children Dutanese."

"That's an idea worth pursuing. But even with a dictionary, you won't be able to master it anytime soon. Even if you grasp a few terms, it will still be rather difficult. After all, the language here is a completely different system from the Northern Continent," Anderson said with a tsk. "Why don't I suggest a solution for you. Your captain has likely taught you some ritualistic magic in the God of Knowledge and Wisdom domain, right?"

"Yes," Danitz replied with a nod without a second thought.

Anderson clapped his hands and said, "Pray to the God of Knowledge and Wisdom for help."

Danitz shook his head without hesitation.

"I believe in the Lord of Storms, and not the God of Knowledge and Wisdom. The reason why some of the ritualistic magic cast in the past had received a reply was because of Captain."

Upon saying that, he shot Anderson a glance.

"Weren't you born in Segar, growing up in Lenburg, being classmates with Captain?

"Then you should also be a believer of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom. Wouldn't it be more effective if you held the ritual?"

Anderson shook his head and laughed.

"Despite being believers all the same, those who can actually receive a reply are in the extreme minority."

Seemingly in thought, he said, "The best method is to find a priest or bishop from the Church of Knowledge. Get them to make some charms, uh--I recall that there are a few pilgrims from Lenburg here in Behrens Harbor. Why don't we visit them tomorrow..."

Danitz was just about to say "Yes" when he suddenly revealed a look of suspicion.

"I have this nagging feeling that you are up to something..."

Anderson's expression immediately froze.

On the airship, Klein had his seatbelt buckled and had a blanket over him as he leaned against his seat, already in deep sleep.

At this moment, it was dark outside. There was little light from the lands, and the scenery swept across slowly despite moving at a high speed. Everything appeared peaceful and silent.

After an unknown period of time, Klein suddenly jolted awake as he stretched his neck.

As he kept Death Knell on him, he had drunk plenty of water. His bladder had woken him up.

Pulling away his blanket and unbuckling his seatbelt, Klein covered his mouth and yawned. He walked out of the lounge and headed for the washroom at the corner of the hall.

After relieving himself, he washed his hands and left the washroom. When he entered the hall, he suddenly saw a figure.

The figure was standing amidst the shadows. It was wearing a black robe, and by its eyes were eyeshadow and blush. At a glance, it looked like a shadow or ghost that had floated out of a corpse.

Ma'am Daly... Klein obviously recognized her as he immediately reacted as though startled.

Daly walked a few steps forward and looked up at Dwayne Dantes's face. She fixed her gaze between his eyes as she curled her lips into a smile.

"Your eyes and bearing resemble a friend of mine, especially the eyes."

Klein immediately feigned enlightenment as he said with a smile, "Ma'am, if our genders were swapped, that would be a standard way of hitting on someone."

Daly's eyes didn't move away as she chuckled.

"There's no need for any swapping. A difference in genders doesn't change the definition of such actions.

"If this were any other time, I really would be trying to lure you into bed if I had said something like that, even tricking you all the way down the aisle.

"However, I have no such thoughts at the moment. I came over because your eyes really remind me of him."

It's really quite overwhelming speaking with Ma'am Daly... I can't let her lead the conversation; otherwise, she might realize that Dwayne Dantes isn't the broad-minded Casanova or seasoned romantic. Instead, he's nothing but an inexperienced man in front of charming women... I have to take the lead in this conversation... Klein's mind stirred as he asked directly, half in jest, "Ma'am, do you like that friend of yours?"

Daly was taken aback for a second before she raised her eyebrows, lowered her head, and smiled.

"There's no need to hide it.

"If only he were like you, willing to take the initiative when facing a woman, proficient at creating a suggestive atmosphere, then perhaps, we might already have children.

"Unfortunately, he's a conservative man. Whenever we talked, he spoke only of work or his experiences. Any hint or risque joke only made him uncomfortable. He often found excuses to leave. He looked old, and he didn't look after his hair. He also had a bad memory. He even forgot my birthday. Whenever I thought of him, I got mad, having the urge to push him onto a bed and tie his arms to the bed's railing..."

Klein looked at Daly somberly as he sighed to interrupt her.

"Ma'am, you've said too much."

Daly looked up, her smile unchanged.

"I thought you would enjoy talking about such matters in greater depth."

Klein let out a soft chuckle.

"Then why didn't you turn those thoughts into action? I can tell that you aren't just a woman of mere words."

Daly scoffed.

"Guess."

Then she nodded.

"Thank you for not saying that I've been harassing you."

As she spoke, she turned around and headed for the large lounge where the Red Gloves were. The corners of Klein's mouth curled up slightly as he returned to his room, shaking his head.

When she came to the entrance of the large lounge, Daly, with her eyes lowered to the floorboards, suddenly saw an untied shoelace.

She looked up to see the black-haired, green-eyed Leonard Mitchell.

Leonard glanced at Dwayne Dantes as he entered his lounge and said in a low voice, "He has plenty of secrets. He's not a simple person."

Daly chuckled and nodded.

"I know."

Having said that, she briskly walked past Leonard Mitchell and walked into the large lounge.

When she had gone several meters, she slowed down her pace and once again lowered her head.

Leonard remained standing at the door, watching the long, drawn-out shadows that were cast from the lights outside. Slowly and silently, he exhaled.

Inside the small lounge, Klein stood by the door, raising his right hand and rubbing his temples. He stood there like a statue.

In the Berg household in the City of Silver.

Derrick sat on a stool, munching on bread that was made from Black-Faced Grass powder as he carefully listed the matters that he had yet to complete in recent times.

I haven't obtained information about the Bizarro Bane that Mr. World needs... I still lack the points required for the Sequence 5 Vampire Beyonder characteristic... I only have three friends. That's not enough... I have few clues about the former Chief's mausoleum...

As the thoughts flashed through his mind, Derrick finished eating and took off his shirt. Holding an open container carved from stone, he used the sticky black liquid inside to smear over the livid bruises on his body.

Although the City of Silver only had edible Black-Faced Grass in its vicinity, it didn't only have one type of plant. Many other plants grew there, all of them strange. By using different powers, they could grow and proliferate in the sunless darkness lit only by lightning. One of the traditions of the City of Silver was to select different plants and mix them with organs of monsters to create various kinds of ointments. These were especially effective in treating most injuries and illnesses. They prevented the residents from dying just because of a trivial problem.

They were simplified versions of the magical potion, holy ointment, and essential oil formulas derived by generations of Demon Hunters from their potion knowledge. These low-level products thus became a tradition!

Just after applying the ointment and took a whiff of the pungent smell before putting on his clothes, he suddenly heard knocking at the door.

His mind tensed up instinctively as he raised Thunder God's Roar, the dark blue hammer that had electric sparks swirling around it. He carefully approached the door, prepared to kill any monsters that suddenly emerged from the darkness.

"Who is it?" Derrick asked in a deep voice.

A gruff voice sounded from the outside:

"Valer."

At the same time, bright light streamed through the door cracks and windows. That was the power of a Dawn Paladin.

Derrick relaxed as he opened the door and greeted, "Valer, aren't you leading a patrol team today?"

Valer stood 2.2 meters tall and was one of Derrick's newest friends. Derrick was particularly impressed because Valer could rein in his powers remarkably well and was a person who took very good care of his companions.

In addition, his patrol team's recent patrol area included the former Chief's mausoleum.

Valer had brownish-yellow hair that resembled Derrick's and a thick beard. His favorite pastime was fighting with others. Upon hearing that, he said with a smile, "The six-member council has just ordered our team to skip the area of the former Chief's mausoleum. This area is our final patrol stop.

"Let's go to the training field. Let's get some exercise!"

The six-member council specifically ordered the patrolling teams to skip that area? They plan to open the former Chief's entrance today? I wonder what will happen... I hope there's no sinister plot on Elder Lovia's side... Derrick was alarmed as he rapidly considered the implications, but remained at a loss.

Just as he hesitantly finished dressing in preparation to join Valer at the training field, a shadow grew out from the dark end of the street and said, "Derrick Berg, the Chief has requested you visit him at the spire."

Chapter 897: The Chief's Hint

At the top of the spire, in the room that belonged to the Chief.

Colin Iliad had the tall frame typical of the City of Silver. His hair was grizzled, unkempt, and rather disheveled. He had deep wrinkles around his cheeks, but there were no wrinkles elsewhere. Some old scars, that were either deep or twisted, remained on his cheeks.

He wore a linen shirt on the inside with a brown coat draped over his body. By his waist was a belt filled with tiny compartments. His deep, light-blue eyes seemed laden with all they had witnessed.

After Derrick bowed, the Demon Hunter nodded gently and pointed to the items placed on the table.

"Do you still remember them?"

Derrick glanced over and froze. His eyes reflected two translucent worms as thick as a child's finger.

Worm of Time! They were translucent Worms of Time with rings!

They were Worms of Time that came from Blasphemer Amon's avatar!

"Yes." Derrick fell silent for a second before instinctively answering, "They were left behind by Amon."

Colin Iliad gave an imperceptible nod and said, "One of them was even coughed out by you."

Without waiting for Derrick to say a word, he continued methodically, "You once said that while being possessed by Amon, you were in a daze most of the time, as though you were in a dream. You were occasionally lucid."

Faced with the Chief's gaze, Derrick nodded, indicating that he had given such a description before.

Colin Iliad looked out the window, looking down at the nearby buildings.

"I believe I haven't told you what you did during those periods.

"You performed two rituals in total. One of them had elements of a secret deed ritual, and the other one was like a sacrifice. You received some sort of response. Do you have any recollection of such things?"

Indeed, I was being monitored when I sought Mr. Fool's help and used the secret deed ritual to cleanse Amon's avatar... Derrick wasn't surprised by what the Chief mentioned. He had long been advised by The Hanged Man that, given the City of Silver elders' extensive experience, it was impossible that they would dismiss someone acting abnormally. Thus, they had concluded that he had been under constant surveillance since leaving the dungeon. This was corroborated by the fact that someone had emerged from the shadows while he performed the sacrificial ritual.

"I don't have any recollections." Derrick pretended to think before he shook his head.

Colin, who was observing him from the corner of his eye, turned back and said with a sigh, "Try recalling it carefully.

"These two worms left behind by Amon are materials of great value. I've been trying to find ways of using them. If I can secretly make them into items, this might be a trump card that no one else knows. It can play a crucial role at critical moments.

"During the two rituals you experienced, you might have symbols, ancient incantations, or mysterious elements that can be used for reference.

"Think about it carefully."

In the past, Derrick would have only understood the Chief superficially, but at this moment, he was able to interpret the hidden and indirect meaning behind the sentence, albeit a few seconds late.

"I know there's still a certain connection between you and Amon.

"We will be opening the mausoleum to the former City of Silver Chief. I need to prepare additional trump cards against any unexpected accidents or any pretext Lovia and her faction might use to harm the City of Silver. Try to communicate with it."

Mr. Hanged Man was right. The higher one's level, the more experienced they are at handling danger, and the more accustomed they become to expressing themselves by speaking in riddles. It's a way to leave options open for both parties... Derrick suddenly felt he had grasped a particular technique.

Upon realizing that the Chief's goal was to limit Elder Lovia and how she represented the Fallen Creator, he felt that he needed to do something. However, he had no idea how to use a Worm of Time. All he could do was pray to Mr. Fool and see whether "He" could provide any help.

"I'll try my best to recall. I... need... a silent room." As Derrick spoke, he paused, deliberating over his words.

Colin Iliad was evidently prepared as he pointed towards the corridor.

"Many of the rooms across the corridor are unoccupied. Choose one yourself."

"Yes, Your Excellency." Derrick bowed and exited the room before entering an unused room. He locked the wooden door, sat down, and in the dark corner, prayed softly as his eyes emitted a soft glow.

Desi Bay, Eskelson Harbor.

Klein left the airship from the gangway with his suitcase in hand, prepared to head into the city on a carriage prepared by the military base.

As for Daly Simone, Leonard Mitchell, and the other Red Gloves, they were the first batch to leave the airship. Klein had been arranged to be one of the last; hence, they didn't meet each other.

After entering the city and finding a hotel to stay in, he prepared to have some rest to remedy the poor sleep he had last night. Suddenly, he heard a series of illusory, stacked pleas.

Sounds like Little Sun... Klein yawned while covering his mouth and entered a cramped washroom. With great difficulty, he took four steps counterclockwise and arrived above the gray fog.

As he expected, the crimson star that was blinking and burgeoning was none other than the one that represented The Sun.

He emanated his spirituality to make contact with it, and he quickly learned what The Sun's prayer concerned.

The City of Silver Chief is asking Little Sun, no--asking the being he believes to be Amon about how to use a Worm of Time charm... Thankfully, I had such a question previously and have already received an answer... However, using the Worm of Time to create a potent charm that can temporarily exchange fates will require him to pray to The Fool. Wouldn't this directly expose the fact that Little Sun's backer is not Amon, but some unknown hidden existence? Klein tapped the edge of the mottled table as he seriously considered how he was to answer.

In less than a minute, he quickly reframed his line of thought and discovered that his worries were meaningless.

Firstly, apart from Shepherd Elder Lovia, who can receive certain revelations from the True Creator, no one in the City of Silver knows Amon. At most, they might guess "He" is likely the Angel of Time, one of the eight Kings of Angels that were by the Creator's side. Therefore, even if they learn of an existence called The Fool, they will probably believe that it's Amon's true body, or a deity that Amon now believes in.

Secondly, the honorific name of The Fool is no longer a secret to the True Creator, Blasphemer Amon, and Shepherd Elder Lovia. It doesn't matter if more people from the City of Silver learn of it.

Thirdly, the Chief named Colin Iliad is only a Demon Hunter. Even if he knows the honorific name of The Fool and has a Grade O Sealed Artifact, there's nothing he can do. After all, Blasphemer Amon and the True Creator haven't been knocking at my door in the middle of the night.

Finally, the six-member council's Chief has long been aware of a problem with Little Sun. He just hasn't made it obvious.

As his thoughts raced, he felt that he needed to be bolder. Perhaps I can use this opportunity to recruit another believer or two, no--I mean believers. Little Sun won't have to fight alone anymore in the future.

Besides, I've already grown stronger since I wiped away Amon's avatar. I've also deepened my knowledge of mysticism. I wield the Sea God Scepter and can stir even more of the powers of the mysterious space above the gray fog. I don't have to worry about missing anything when facing a Sequence 4 demigod during the ritual... as long as I don't rashly pull him above the gray fog... Klein quickly made up his mind and cast the method for creating a Fate Siphon charm into the crimson star representing The Sun.

Knock! Knock! Knock! The sound of knocking resonated within the Chief's room at the top of the spire. And before the knocking even sounded, Colin Iliad had already known that Derrick Berg had opened the door and was walking over to his room.

"Come on in." He turned his body and faced the door.

Derrick pushed open the door and entered. Bowing, he said, "Your Excellency, I've recalled some vague details."

Colin Iliad nodded with a calm expression.

"What are they?"

"Use pure silver and mercury as materials..." Derrick succinctly described the beginning of the ritual and paused. "I think I muttered an honorific name back then: The Fool that doesn't belong to this era."

Colin narrowed his eyes and immediately cut him off.

"The corresponding symbols are the ones left on the candle?"

"Yes," Derrick replied candidly. "The second line is: The mysterious ruler above the gray fog."

At this moment, Colin cut him off once again.

"Is there no need for other ritual materials?"

"No," Derrick nodded, feeling slightly puzzled.

Only then did he realize that the Chief was apparently deliberately stopping him from reciting Mr. Fool's honorific name.

Yes, our common language is Jotun. It's a language that can stir the powers of nature. If I were to speak the honorific name, it would result in all kinds of unknown effects. I know that Mr. Fool is a true deity and trustworthy, so I was reciting it in full out of habit. However, the Chief doesn't know that... Derrick continued, feeling somewhat enlightened.

"Third line: The King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck."

Colin silently listened in silence before nodding.

"Very good.

"Although I cannot be sure that the content you recall is of any use, it's still a sizable contribution. I'll get someone to increase your merit.

"Return, or go to the library to read some books for a while."

"Yes, Your Excellency." Derrick kept a deadpan expression as he silently heaved a sigh of relief and quickly withdrew from the room at the top of the spire.

Colin Iliad watched him leave before heading behind his desk and sitting down. He looked at the two translucent ringed worms in front of him.

Beside the worms was a notebook. Drawn on it was a secret symbol composed of half a pupil-less Eye and half contorted lines.

Colin's gaze remained fixed for a while, as though he had been petrified.

After a while, he slowly stood up and took out three candles.

Chapter 898: Response

After setting up the candles, Colin Iliad found a piece of pure silver and picked up a carving knife beside it. With steady strokes, he carved a palm-sized charm vessel.

Then, he followed Derrick Berg's description, engraving The Fool's secret symbol on both sides of the silver piece.

He completed the entire process quickly. If an observer had been watching, they wouldn't have been able to discern his actions. Yet, the final product didn't show any flaws. It looked like a piece of art that had been slowly carved out.

Immediately afterward, Colin Iliad found another bottle of mercury. Using his powerful spirituality directly, he guided the liquid inside to trickle into the charm and fill all the patterns. He kept gravity from drawing the mercury out of the downward-facing side.

Repeating the process, he made a second charm. Colin Iliad placed them in front of the candles and placed a translucent ringed worm on each of them.

Unlike when he had risen in silence, Colin's every movement now was stable, calm, and firm. He didn't show any signs of hesitation, just as when he faced powerful monsters that came out of the darkness.

After finishing the ritual, he took two steps back and took down the crossed swords that were hanging from the wall. He stabbed them into the crevices of the floor tiles at the door.

He then closed his eyes and muttered. Pure and thick beams of light appeared in the void as they enveloped the two swords with holy, glorious radiance.

The light beams increased in quantity, slowly transforming into liquid water that flowed across the cracks in the floor tiles and the walls, forming a "cage" that isolated him from the outside.

As a senior Demon Hunter, Colin Iliad would ordinarily have avoided such precautions during a ritual. This was because there was a slight chance of angering the target, with dangerous consequences. However, he had no choice but to do so because he needed to be certain that even if the ritual failed, even if The Fool was malicious, and even if he were to die at the altar, he would not cause excessive harm the City of Silver.

Regarding the defensive power of the "cage," Colin was rather confident because this directly came from a godlike Sealed Artifact--a crown once worn by the Giant King Aurmir: "Proof of Glory!"

This was one of the main reasons why the City of Silver could survive wave after wave of monster assaults in the Dark Ages.

With all his preparations completed, using only his spirituality, Colin Iliad used his desk as an altar and created a sacred and clean environment that no one could disturb. He then lit the three candles.

The pale yellow light flickered as they was reflected in his eyes. He bowed his head and scattered the plant powder, monster hide, and fur into the candle flame or lit them and threw them into a cauldron to please the secret existence he was about to pray to.

Such acts weren't rare in the City of Silver. Rituals addressed to the Creator were common knowledge, but from time to time, certain residents would be enticed by unknown existences during their patrols or exploration, tempted to hold all kinds of rituals.

Most such acts were passive, but there were a few that were initiated deliberately. On the one hand, despair accumulated over receiving no response from the Creator had made them eager to cling to any other existence for support, and on the other hand, many generations of the six-member council had reached the same conclusion that the Creator who had abandoned the land might very well not return again. They urgently needed to seek alternatives, but unfortunately, such attempts led only to failure or death. For that reason, despite every hardship and every city they found destroyed by "evil gods," the City of Silver continued exploring ever more distant regions.

As for Colin Iliad himself, the discovery of the outsider, Jack, filled him with indescribable surprise and hope. The encounters when they explored Afternoon Town and the ecclesiastic's prophecies about the King of Angels' plot had made him feel a more pressing sense of urgency. He no longer held hope for the Creator's return.

With the two reasons combined, along with Lovia's and Derrick's abnormalities, as well as the prophecy of the apocalypse, as Chief of the six-member council, senior demigod and powerful Demon Hunter, Colin Iliad had no choice but to dance on a knife's edge. He had no choice but to contemplate a transaction with a hidden existence.

Silently exhaling, Colin took a step back and chanted with a weathered voice, "The Fool that doesn't belong to this era.

"The mysterious ruler above the gray fog.

"The King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck.

"I pray to you, for the power of mystery and the bestowment of good luck. I implore you to make these items on this altar become charms..."

Just as Colin chanted with a mysterious cadence, he saw the altar in front of him immediately turn dark. It was as though an indescribable divinity emanated from the candle in the middle.

The candle's flame instantly burgeoned, but it failed to light the surroundings. Instead, it made everything turn illusory, making countless shapes produce transparent shadows that seemed not to exist as they covered every inch.

High above this illusory world and countless figures, there were seven lustrous lights of different colors spiraling. They seemed to possess vast knowledge. And above these seven lustrous lights, there was an endless grayish-white fog, and sitting above was an ancient palace that looked down upon everything.

Demon Hunter Colin momentarily forgot everything else as he stared intently at the scene above the altar. It was as though something confined until now to books and ancient tomes had stepped out of illusion and into reality, appearing before him.

If he recalled correctly, this was likely the projection of the spirit world.

Before the cataclysm, before the Creator abandoned this land, it was easy to observe and enter the spirit world!

The spirit world now only existed in the City of Silver's textbooks and various records, but no one could touch it!

At this moment, an illusory creak rang out. The ancient palace that overlooked the gray fog and spirit world seemed to open its doors.

Immediately afterward, Colin saw the unformed charms in front of the candle take on a grayish luster. Their patterns were then "lit up," as they intertwined, suddenly bursting into a blinding radiance, enveloping the pure silver sheets and the ringed worms.

The dark world above the altar instantly distorted.

Everything was quickly restored to normal as two strange black crystalline charms appeared on the altar. They were like a pair of eyes of some existence that silently observed the world.

Demon Hunter Colin was taken aback as he looked away and bowed his head. In a deep voice, he said, "Thank you for your blessing.

"Praise you."

Without delay, he ended the ritual and removed the seal.

After doing all of this, the Chief of the City of Silver's six-member council returned to the desk and picked up the two charms made from Amon's avatar remnants.

At this moment, his mind was still fixated on the scene he had previously seen.

According to his mystical knowledge, the beings situated high in the spirit world were described as the Seven Lights in ancient tomes. They were believed to be close to deities, but none of the records indicated what was above the Seven Lights or what the gray fog represented. They didn't indicate what the ancient palace shrouded in gray fog and overlooking the entire spirit world represented. And during the entire ritual, Colin Iliad only felt that The Fool he was praying to was solemn, mysterious, and almighty, nothing like the evil beings who often flaunted their powers as though eager to display themselves.

Such a performance had a close parallel in the records of the City of Silver--the Creator!

As he looked at the charms in his hand and considered his condition, the grizzled Demon Hunter Colin suddenly closed his eyes as figures flashed past his mind without warning.

They His father, mother, elder brother, younger sister, oldest son, youngest son, daughter, and oldest grandson whose lives he had personally ended.

The aged Chief remained silent for a very long time before he suddenly sighed softly.

"It's been 2,583 years..."

After 2,583 years, the City of Silver had finally received a normal response.

In the library in the steeple.

Derrick was in the ancient myth section he often browsed when he saw a notebook he had never seen before.

This notebook's cover was made from a particular monster's hide. There were clear patterns on it, and the pages inside were old and yellowed. The records included the experiences of the original author when he encountered different monsters.

These monsters were mostly documented in the City of Silver's textbooks. Even their special traits were the same. However, the thoughts and experiences from the numerous battles held Derrick's rapt attention.

As he flipped through it, he suddenly noticed a monster named "Shapeshifter."

Such monsters didn't come equipped with the intelligence to communicate, but they were adept at setting up traps to deal with targets. Furthermore, they could disguise themselves as others, using what seemed like fascinating methods to complete a hunt...

The notebook's owner had commented on them as being bizarre and dangerous.

This is very similar to Mr. World's guess of the Bizarro Bane's traits... Could Shapeshifter be the Bizarro Bane? Derrick felt delighted as he quickly read the rest of the entry. He discovered that this type of monster lived to the north, in a faraway city ruins. And the monsters in that area's darkness were powerful and terrifying. Even the six-member council wasn't able to deal with some of them; therefore, after two attempts, the City of Silver suspended exploration of the area. To date, exploration of the area hadn't been resumed. Due to such reasons, the City of Silver's textbooks didn't make mention of the unique monsters there.

After reading the record, Derrick subconsciously flipped the notebook to the last page, wishing to know who had experienced the two harrowing explorations.

As he flipped through it, he saw a name: "Colin Iliad."

Desi County, Eskelson Harbor.

Klein returned to the real world, rubbed his temples, and collapsed into bed.

To give the City of Silver's Chief a better impression of The Fool and generate more trust, he had proactively added some special effects when responding, expressing the might of the mysterious space above the gray fog during the secret deed ritual and sacrificial and bestowment ritual. This expended quite a sizable amount of his spirituality, exhausting him.

I'll find food for Creeping Hunger when I wake up. I'll let it have a good nap above the gray fog... Klein thought in his stupor and soon fell asleep. He was woken up by his rumbling tummy after sleeping from morning to the afternoon.

Chapter 899: Berserk Sea's Spirit World

Desi pies are far more generously filled than their Backlund counterparts. However, the locals favor some local spices. The first few bites tasted a little strange, but after getting used to it, they have a distinctive character... Klein sat inside his hotel and alternated bites of oily pie with sips of cool, refreshing sweet ice tea. He felt thoroughly at leisure.

After eating his fill, he didn't immediately pack up. He picked up the top hat on the chair beside him and put it on.

Meanwhile, his left palm suddenly turned transparent as his entire body faded away.

Klein had entered the spirit world and planned to Travel to the Poto Harbor in the Berserk Sea. There, he intended to find food for Creeping Hunger.

Eskelson, where he was, did belong to Desi Bay, but it was not on the mainland coast, but an island. This was the southernmost island of Desi Bay, and going past it meant entering the Berserk Sea.

Therefore, the second Klein headed for the predetermined coordinates, an abnormal sight appeared before his eyes.

The air currents in the spirit world seemed to become tangible as they spun into a wind. They howled as they enveloped a huge region that seemed boundless. It was dim inside, with layers of dark clouds. Bolts of lightning steeped in darkness kept flashing, illuminating the surrounding area like an apocalypse.

At that moment, Klein felt as though he had arrived in a sea that was eternally ravaged by storms. However, he knew with certainty that this was the spirit world.

Indeed, it's just like what many books on mysticism mention. The power involved with the perishing of Death has not only changed the weather over the sea between the Northern Continent and Southern Continent, but it also filled it with disaster and danger. It's how its name was derived. Furthermore, it also broke the barrier between reality and the illusory, tainting and damaging the corresponding region of the spirit world and causing them to affect one another... In the Berserk Sea, if one holds a ritual that involves the spirit world, or uses spirit-world powers, there is a high probability of an accident occurring, with unimaginable consequences... Klein reflected as he confirmed the books' accounts with his own eyes.

From his point of view, if it weren't because of this, the various countries in the Northern Continent wouldn't have waited for Emperor Roselle to find the safe sea route before launching their invasions of the Southern Continent. After all, to most High-Sequence Beyonders, they could easily traverse ordinary natural barriers.

Roselle's safe sea route was not merely geographical, but mystical as well!

This also meant that since the Berserk Sea and spirit world overlapped and influenced each other, Klein could directly use the local sea maps to traverse the spirit world's calamities.

Recalling the content he had read before, Klein found the correct location and entered the darkened spirit world.

Gales howled from every direction. Even the lesser gusts sent chills through Klein's soul and down his spine. This made him believe that if he had traveled in a Spirit Body state without the use of the Black Emperor card, Tyrant card, and Azik's copper whistle to augment himself, he would likely have suffered a serious injury. And if this wasn't the "safe sea route," he believed that his physical body might not have withstood the black storms that were filled with death.

Compared to the gales, the dark lightning bolts were far more dangerous. Klein suspected that he could not withstand even a single strike. As for the hidden maelstrom and the wandering creatures, they were another form of danger.

This is a place without any material seawater. I wonder what lies at the heart of the maelstrom... Klein followed the safe sea route and traveled onward at an adequate speed. From time to time, he would scan his surroundings, broadening his horizons.

Suddenly, he saw a strange creature.

It stood within a black hurricane. Dragging a huge sickle, its swollen, massive body was formed entirely of skulls.

The skulls were either grayish-white or grayish-black of different sizes and species, and all of them were piled together, forming its torso, limbs, and head.

Almost at the same moment that Klein saw this strange creature, it also discovered Klein. All the skulls turned their heads in unison, producing an unmistakable grinding sound.

Countless dark eye sockets tracked him, overlapping one another.

Klein's forehead throbbed as he Traveled out of the area, entering the next safe sea route. And on the nearby illusory sea, bloody arms and illusory greenish-black tentacles extended out from the sea surface.

Outside the City of Silver, a black mausoleum stood inverted over the ground like an inverted pyramid.

At that moment, there were all kinds of dense black plants growing from the cracks in the mausoleum's bricks. Even the heavy door by the entrance was covered with them.

Colin Iliad had two swords slung across his back as he stood with two other Elders of the six-member council. They were observing the passage that diagonally led them deep underground.

Lovia with her silver, curly hair watched silently for a moment before saying, "It should be possible already."

Unlike how she usually switched randomly between two mental states, this Shepherd Elder was now staid and calm. She didn't show any signs of abnormalities as her pale-gray eyes were deep and placid.

Colin gently nodded and took out a bottle of medicine from two different compartments on his belt. Unscrewing the lids, he downed them.

His light-blue eyes rapidly brightened. His unwrinkled skin had blood vessels protrude as they got tinted with silver.

Immediately afterward, the Chief drew a sword and smeared a silver-gray ointment across its surface.

As he took steps to prepare, another six-member council Elder, Waite Chirmont, did something similar.

This bald man who had a tattooed symbol on his head stood nearly 2.5 meters tall. He didn't look a day over 45. But in fact, he was nearly 80. He was also a Sequence 4 Demon Hunter, a demigod that was one of the main pillars of support for the City of Silver.

In the City of Silver, due to the lack of main ingredients, and with the citizens being aware of the acting method and having sufficient combat experience, they advanced from Low to Mid Sequences rather easily. Sequence 6 Beyonders were the majority, but from Sequence 5 onwards, due to the rituals required and other reasons, the number of Beyonders fell drastically. At Sequence 4, which brought a qualitative transformation, an entire generation might not even produce one.

Waite Chirmont did not wield two weapons like an orthodox Demon Hunter. This allowed him to use different ointments to create different effects and handle more complicated situations. He wielded an iron-gray hammer, and on his back was a huge bow nearly as massive as he was. He was like a miniaturized giant stepped out of an oil painting.

The bow was a mystical item, one that didn't have overly severe side effects. In the historical records of the City of Silver, it earned its name by slaying a dragon at the demigod level. It's name was: "Dragon Slaying Bow"!

After finishing their preparations, Waite slammed his hammer in front of him loudly, raised his bow and slowly drew the string.

Sizzling bolts of lightning suddenly emerged as they condensed into one, and as it grew longer from the pull, it formed a blinding and radiant arrow between the bowstring and the back of the bow.

Just as Waite's fingers released the bowstring, the lightning arrow shot straight at the mausoleum's door which was overrun with human hair-like weeds.

Silently, the heavy door seemed to have rotted long ago. It exploded into pieces along with the electric bolt's explosion, revealing a deep passageway.

This passageway shimmered with pale white lights. It extended beyond the reach of sight, giving off a creepy and cold feeling.

Colin's eyes suddenly flashed with two complex, dark green symbols, and he reflected the mausoleum entrance.

A few seconds later, he held his sword diagonally and walked into the mausoleum. Waite slung his Dragon Slaying Bow, picked up his hammer, and followed closely behind.

The purple-robed Lovia's expression remained the same as she followed them through the shattered door at a measured pace with her hands empty.

As they descended through successive passageways and staircases, the three members of the six-member council didn't show any unease or anxiety in the completely silent environment. They allowed their footsteps to echo in their surroundings.

After descending one level, they suddenly saw a river before them. It was an illusory and jet-black river.

Under the river's surface were blood-colored, skinless arms. Green veins bearing infant faces and slippery tentacles with eyes were densely entwined together. They kept flailing upwards trying to seize whatever passed them.

The river was close to the side of the entrance. There were figures of different heights wearing old clothes with their backs facing the three Elders. They kept walking back and forth as though they were troubled by how to cross.

Suddenly, one of them sensed the trio approaching them. He slowly turned to look at Colin, Waite, and Lovia.

It was an elder with pure-white hair. His forehead and the corners of his mouth were deeply wrinkled. His eyes were light blue and hollow. His expression was numb and blank.

Colin Iliad's pupils shrank, as he recognized the man.

It was his brother, the brother that had been possessed by Amon. Colin had personally ended his life!

At this moment, the other figures turned around, revealing faces that Colin, Waite, and Lovia found extremely familiar. But they were all abnormally numb faces.

Lovia's expression remained composed, but behind her, an illusory knight more than five meters tall had appeared without notice.

This knight wore ancient silver full-body armor. It's eyes were red like blood as they burned akin to flames.

After traversing the "safe sea route," for about ten seconds, Klein arrived at the Berserk Sea's Poto Harbor. This place deviated from the main sea route and didn't belong to any country. It was a free city for pirates.

When his feet touched solid rock, he casually assumed a new face, but he wasn't in a rush to enter the haphazardly built port city. He reached into his pocket and pulled out an iron cigar case.

While passing through the Berserk Sea's spirit world, he had sensed Azik's copper whistle trembling slightly.

Removing the wall of spirituality, Klein opened the cigar case and took out the ancient and exquisite copper whistle.

This copper whistle had lost its usual cool, gentle aura, and it was now burning hot. However, this anomaly was rapidly dissipating.

Chapter 900: "Self-Recommendation"

The abnormality associated with the Berserk Sea is suspected to be the result of Death's demise... Legend has it that this deity's corpse and items are hidden somewhere in these waters, awaiting someone with a special key to open it... This copper whistle came from Mr. Azik, and Mr. Azik is indeed a direct descendant of Death, and a first- or second-generation descendant at that... Had the copper whistle sensed something, or had it been influenced? Thoughts flashed through Klein's mind and coalesced into a theory.

He planned to find an inn in Poto Harbor, go above the gray fog, and perform a dream divination in search of a revelation. Then, he would decide when and how to return to Eskelson Harbor. That would help him avoid any preventable mishaps. Before that, he needed to seek out food for Creeping Hunger. After walking down the seaside cliff, Klein entered Poto Harbor.

The buildings here were built wherever their owners pleased. There was almost zero planning, leaving some streets broad and others so narrow that only one person could pass. In places, looking up revealed no sky, only sheets of laundry hung out to dry.

Wearing a new face, Klein strolled through such an environment with many pedestrians dressed like pirates. He then instinctively headed for a tavern to seek out prey.

At this moment, he saw several people gathered at a noticeboard in a square up ahead.

What's happening? With his curiosity piqued, Klein approached the area. Using his balance and agility as a Clown, he passed through the gaps of the crowd until he managed to reach a spot with a view of the noticeboard.

On the noticeboard, there was a piece of paper that dominated the board, covering all the other pieces of paper. It seized the eye at once.

Its title was: "The Black Emperor's Crew Recruitment."

The Black Emperor? Isn't that the ship of the King of the Five Seas, Nast? The one that can traverse the spirit world? For a man regarded as the King of Pirates, he is actually openly recruiting crew members? Klein was rather surprised as he deliberately spoke out in a low voice:

"How is that possible?"

"Why not?" A stout man beside him, his thick arms bared by rolled-up sleeves, laughed out loud. "It might have been impossible in the past, but it's possible now!"

"Why?" This was exactly the response Klein had hoped for. He immediately turned and asked.

The stout man had tattoos all over his arms and cheeks, making him look fierce. Upon hearing that, he pointed at the direction of the main sea route and said, "A week ago, the Black Emperor and Loen's much-publicized steam ironclad, the Pritz, met and clashed in a sea battle. The Black Emperor had many casualties and is in dire need of more manpower!

Ah? Klein's first reaction was that it made no sense from a mystical standpoint.

Based on the newspaper reports and the rumors he had heard at sea, he knew that the Pritz was an ordinary warship. It lacked any Beyonder characteristics. Perhaps in raw firepower, it was stronger than the Black Emperor, but the latter could use the spirit world to "leap," just like a large version of a Traveler. There was no ordinary armament that could damage it.

Furthermore, King of the Five Seas Nast was likely a Sequence 3 demigod of the Black Emperor pathway. He was the most notorious powerhouse on the seas. He could directly distort the trajectories of cannonballs, making him nearly invincible when facing a fleet with no mystical capabilities.

From Klein's point of view, they were enemies at two completely different levels. Yet, the outcome defied his imagination.

He didn't hide his astonishment as he blurted, "What about the Pritz?"

The fierce-looking man shook his head and replied, "I'm not certain, but I heard that it wasn't damaged. Only two corvettes were sunk."

This... Klein was first taken aback before he began to understand what had happened.

He recalled the circumstances surrounding his theft of the Tutanssess II mummy. The military's demigod had invoked a law with the power to weaken the mystical and strengthen reality. Once that law took effect, the Black Emperor was just a sailboat that was slightly unusual. It definitely couldn't beat an ironclad warship. Nor could it flee.

This also meant that the Pritz had a demigod on the military's side, or else such a law wouldn't have come into effect.

To be able to get the Black Emperor to flee in such circumstances, King of the Five Seas Nast must be extraordinarily strong. Below the angel level, he's definitely one of the strongest... From the looks of it, due to the existence of the Arbiter pathway, the trajectory of this world's military development remains similar to Earth's. It would not become incapable of defeating a slightly higher level mysticism opponent... Klein nodded in understanding as he didn't inquire further.

As for Beyonders below Sequence 4, in a large-scale battle, apart from the few pathways capable of delivering offensive firepower or providing effective defense, the rest could only avoid a direct clash. They would then be the "cleanup crew" or simply provide support. For example, a Marionettist with all his marionettes feared no one in a Mid-Sequence Beyonder battle if fighting one-on-one. But once he was on a battlefield with shells hurtling everywhere and machine gunfire sweeping the area, physical frailty became a serious liability. Even with Paper Figurine Substitutes, one was unable to escape the field of fire before suffering a second round of damage. In such circumstances, it might be too late to use Paper Figurine Substitutes again.

In such intense battles, the most effective Mid-Sequence Beyonders are Wraiths. They fear neither shells nor bullets and have no need to fear enemy detection. Furthermore, they possess Shriek, which can affect a huge area... Klein allowed his thoughts to wander when the man from before continued speaking, "You're also thinking of joining the Black Emperor?"

"I'm still not sure," Klein casually replied.

The stout man who was covered in tattoos said in excitement, "I have plans on giving it a try anyway.

"Fewer than ten people here can fight better than I can. I have extensive experience as a pirate. They'll definitely pick me!

"However, I won't stay on the Black Emperor for too long. There are too many absurd rules, such as not being able to plunder or kill defenseless people. Or something as silly as not being allowed to drag off a woman you fancy unless she feels the same. Did you hear that? Is that anything like a pirate? Although the King of the Five Seas is one of the Four Kings and is publicly acknowledged as the pirate king, those rules are j-just dogsh*t!

"I'm already used to leading a real pirate's life. I like it that way and will not change! I'm only tempted to join because I heard that it's possible for the Black Emperor crew to obtain supernatural powers. When the time comes, I'll leave and form my own pirate crew..."

As the man rambled, he suddenly realized the stranger was giving him an odd look.

He hesitated for a moment and asked, "Why are you looking at me like that?"

The silver-gray glistening sword suddenly slashed down, pinning a blank-faced figure to the ground.

The figure warped and squirmed and gradually dissipated into illusory blobs of light amidst swirling silver light.

Colin Iliad drew back his sword and stood upright. Observing his surroundings, he saw that Waite and Lovia had dispatched their respective targets. They had cleared a broad stretch of the riverbank.

At this point, on the illusory, eerie black river, a dark boat glided toward them. It silently docked by the bank.

Upon seeing this scene, Colin slowly exhaled as he muttered with a solemn expression, "Ferryman..."

He had spent a long time with the former Chief, and they knew each other rather well. They both knew that the other was troubled by the City of Silver lacked the Giant pathway's Sequence 3 Silver Knight potion formula. This prevented its demigods from advancing once they reached the level of a demigod. They had considered switching to a neighboring Sequence, and this plan had found a glimmer of hope during a particular expedition. This was because they found the Sequence 3 potion formula of the Phoenix pathway: Ferryman!

From that moment onward, the former Chief began building the mausoleum and eventually took up residence inside before sealing the entrance.

After observing in silence with dark green symbols in his eyes, Colin Iliad said in a grave voice, "Let's cross the river on the boat."

Waite and Lovia raised no objections, fully trusting the Chief's judgment. They followed closely behind him and boarded the dark and strange boat.

The three neither hesitated nor looked around as they boarded. It was as though this was no perilous expedition, but a purposeful visit.

The boat slowly began moving across the ink-black water surface, leaving a long trail in its wake.

The bloody arms and the slimy tentacles reached wildly upward and slammed into the boat, but they failed to leave any marks. They had no effect at all.

In just over ten seconds, the three Elders of the six-member council arrived on the other bank of the illusory river.

There was an altar there with a heavy, iron-black coffin resting upon it.

Colin Iliad immediately jumped off the boat and reached for his other sword. Like before, he appeared cautious, not underestimating anything.

Following that, Waite held his iron-gray hammer and landed heavily on the bank. The surrounding soil visibly trembled.

He looked at the monstrous skull cradling the gigantic coffin, took two steps, and placed the hammer in front of him. He then unslung the Dragon Slaying Bow from his back.

At this point, Waite suddenly felt the back of his palm itching. He subconsciously looked down and saw that his hair follicles sprouted fine white hairs coated in yellowish oil; they lengthened before his eyes.

Poto Harbor. After Klein fed Creeping Hunger and found a rowdy inn, he rented a room that could barely be considered clean.

Then he took four steps counterclockwise and went above the gray fog.

Sitting in The Fool's chair, Klein first picked up the projected image of Azik's copper whistle and conjured a pen and paper before writing a corresponding divination statement: "The reason for this copper whistle's abnormality today."
