Chapter 901: The Mutated Paper Figurine

This time, Klein didn't bring Azik's copper whistle directly above the gray fog. Instead, he planned to do as he had when divining the origins of the Mutated Sun Sacred Emblem and use a projection of the object. Although this would reduce the accuracy to some extent and might prevent the divination from yielding any useful revelation, the gray fog would serve as an intermediary layer and ensure that the item remained undamaged.

He still remembered divining the origins of the black ear left behind by the Listener. The Sealed Artifact had suffered retaliation from the True Creator, causing it to crumble and reform into a charm.

Therefore, suspecting that the divination might point to Death's corpse or other remains--the divine power of a long-fallen Sequence 0 that could still alter the environment of the Berserk Sea--Klein decided to leave Azik's copper whistle in the real world and divine with a projection. This would avoid any possibility of damaging such an important item. After all, Death and the True Creator were at the same level!

As for why Klein dared to directly use Groselle's Travels to divine its origins, it was because the ancient god, Dragon of Imagination, had long since perished. Its corresponding characteristic had likely been inherited by someone else and changed hands several times. Furthermore, the book itself was extremely strong. Even a blast of the Sea God Scepter at full strength could hardly damage it. By the same logic, Mr. Door was likely only a King of Angels and was in an exiled and quarantined state. He could only barely send out his ravings, making it impossible for him to deal any actual damage.

With the power of the mysterious space above the gray fog, I can quickly recover from damage and corruption without any lasting repercussions. If Azik's copper whistle were destroyed, however, it would truly be gone. I wouldn't be able to contact Mr. Azik again, use it to attract the undead, or even carry it with me... Calm and practiced, Klein held the copper whistle's projection and the paper bearing the divination statement, then leaned back in his chair. Half closing his eyes, he entered Cogitation and softly chanted, "The reason for this copper whistle's abnormality today."

After chanting it seven times, Klein fell into a deep sleep and entered the dream world.

After an unknown period of time, he saw a dark and gloomy mausoleum. He saw a dark-colored staircase that extended downwards and coffins placed around it.

The coffins were all open with dead bodies in them. On their backs grew white feathers that were stained with pale yellow oil.

Even in the dream, Klein found the scene abnormally familiar, as though he had once seen it before.

At that moment, he seemed to smell the putrid stench of decay and hear something breathing slowly. The darkness in the mausoleum thickened, filling him with an acute sense of deathly silence.

Suddenly, ravings both loud and soft sounded at once. The white-feathered corpses in the coffins floated up in unison and turned their half-rotten, half-pallid faces beyond the dream!

Klein's heart skipped a beat, then escaped his control, as though invisible hands had seized it and ripped it straight from his chest.

During this process, his dream collapsed into fragments as it returned to nothingness.

In the final scene Klein saw, white feathers grew not only from the corpses' backs but from other parts of their bodies as well. Thin, illusory black tubes pierced them and extended deep into the mausoleum, from which an endless, cold, sinister black fog emanated.

The black fog slowly contracted and expanded, producing panting sounds. When the commotion from this scene landed in Klein's eyes and ears, the color in his skin rapidly drained. It left his skin rotting and overflowing with pus. It made his pores produce thin and dense white feathers that were stained with pale yellow oil. It made the projection of Azik's copper whistle in his hand shatter into a blob of black fog.

The long mottled table in the ancient palace rotted and collapsed as the twenty-two high-back chairs were enveloped by white feathers as though they had a life of their own.

The endless gray fog silently churned, and the mysterious space above it gently stirred, quickly restoring everything to normal. It was as though nothing had happened.

Klein, who had collapsed to the side of the chair, reached out his hand and grabbed the table leg and slowly stood up. Sitting back in his chair, he exhaled slowly.

He rubbed his temples and subconsciously made a comparison.

Weaker than the True Creator and Eternal Blazing Sun, but stronger than Mr. Door. However, I'm not sure if it's because the latter was exiled and quarantined which minimized the amount of power transmitted over.

Why am I thinking about these comparisons? It's not like I'm their match. It will still be the same even if I become a demigod...

Unfortunately, I didn't directly see the object hidden in the black fog; otherwise, I might be able to obtain some potion formulas or mysticism knowledge.

Klein felt a baffling sense of regret as he cast his gaze to the side of his chair. He saw an illusory black fog floating there.

It was the remnants after the shattering of the projection of Azik's copper whistle.

I can't sense any power from it, which means it can't be used as a charm. What is it for? Another idea occurred to Klein. He summoned a spare Paper Angel from the junk pile and cast it into the illusory black fog.

The moment the two made contact, they immediately fused together. The paper figurine quickly turned black and appeared serene and quiet. On its back grew white feathers that were stained with pale yellow oil.

The change lasted only a second. The paper figurine returned to its original state, but no longer seemed entirely corporeal, as though it were half illusory.

Apart from that, there were feather-like patterns that covered the paper figurine's back.

What can this be used for? Klein drew the mutated paper figurine back into his palm.

He didn't dare to use divination to determine its effects, afraid to see the scene from his dream before, allowing the now prepared object from deep inside the black fog to invade where he was.

After repeated checks, Klein used his knowledge in mysticism to determine something.

It doesn't contain any power itself, but it is fundamentally unique. Perhaps it can produce special effects related to the undead domain when used as a Paper Figurine Substitute or Paper Angel.

It's like my adventurer's harmonica. Although it doesn't contain any strength, it can summon a messenger with great strength...

Klein immediately put away the mutated paper figurine and began interpreting the scene from his dream.

Black mausoleum, open coffins, corpses with feathers on their back, black fog emanating deep inside. These revelations seem to point towards Death or something important that Death left behind... Or perhaps it's a certain product of the Numinous Episcopate's Artificial Death?

Right, why did I find what I saw familiar?

Klein carefully recalled and quickly found an answer.

He had seen a similar scene in a particular divination a long time ago!

That divination had concerned the consequences of concealing matters related to Mr. Azik from the Nighthawks!

Back then, he had seen two scenes in his dream. One was of himself falling into a sea of blood and being pulled out by Azik. The other was them finding themselves in a dark and gloomy mausoleum, looking as though they were searching for something!

Klein had once tried interpreting it, believing that the first scene represented him in danger and being rescued by Mr. Azik. The second scene represented them exploring a mausoleum or somewhere that symbolized a mausoleum together.

The former had been verified when the meteor fell from the skies over Backlund. Today, clues to the latter had finally appeared!

Could the place Mr. Azik and I will explore be the mausoleum I just "saw"? But this mausoleum is extremely dangerous. The object in the deepest reaches of the black fog is at a very high level, only slightly weaker than a true deity. Furthermore, it is filled with malevolence... Klein's brows gradually knitted together. He didn't believe that their joint exploration would be a good thing.

This convinced him that he had to stop Mr. Azik. However, he also suspected that the scene in the divination couldn't be avoided, or destiny might unfold in some dramatic fashion and bring about an even worse outcome.

At least during my first divination, there was only the exploration scene and no appearance of danger... Perhaps there's a way to circumvent it... This might be why Seers are often so vague. At times, being too clear might backfire! Klein planned on vaguely mentioning his dream without providing any interpretation when he met Mr. Azik again and allowing him to share his views.

After making up his mind, Klein leaned back and looked at the dome of the magnificent palace before vanishing from above the gray fog.

Light--shattered light and the pure light of dawn--emitted from the Elder of the six-member council, the other Demon Hunter, Waite Chirmont's body. It dissolved the white feathers that grew out of the pores of his skin as he suppressed the subsequent squirming of his flesh and blood.

His arm muscles swelled as he pulled the bowstring of the Dragon Slaying Bow, allowing silver electric bolts and the dawn of light to mesh into a dazzling arrow.

The arrow flew out and instantly reached the altar which was piled with monster skulls. It hit the heavy, iron-black coffin.

Silently, the arrow's beam dimmed and vanished without leaving any effect.

No, the area around the altar was turning darker and more gloomy!

Inside the iron-black coffin, a sound that resembled bones rubbing against each other sounded:

"Why? Why are you disturbing my slumber?"

Upon hearing this, Waite's heart instantly sank. The voice made no attempt to conceal its malevolence, which meant that the former Chief might have transformed into a monster.

The City of Silver's attempt at salvation had once again failed.

With a bang, the coffin lid flew up and shattered. A vast wave of black fog poured out from within without end.

Amidst this scene, Waite saw a figure slowly stand up from within the coffin. He was nearly four meters tall and his limbs were long. His body was covered in white feathers that were tainted with faint yellow oil. Behind his back were thin illusory black tubes that connected out into infinity.

Behind the three members of the six-member council, a huge wave stirred in the pitch-black river. All sorts of arms, tentacles, and veins surged over.

At that moment, Waite saw the Chief's body transform rapidly, his bulging muscles tearing his clothes apart inch by inch.

Chapter 902: Shadow

In just a blink of an eye, Colin Iliad had transformed into a four-meter-tall giant. His skin was bluish-black and muscular. Every inch of his skin, pores, and flesh seemed to violate the normal confines of a human body. It was a unique combination that possessed an unimaginable shock factor.

This wasn't something that could be described merely by outward appearance or physical dimensions. Beyond quantities such as length, width, and height, information, power, and Spirituality also served as measurements. These manifested directly, seemingly replete with complex mystical patterns, symbols, and markings, though in truth no such change had occurred. What humans perceived was merely a partial image imposed by their inability to sense and discern the creature's true form. Even so, any human without godhood who faced such a creature directly would be corrupted by its spirituality and have their mind ravaged. The usual result was either immediate death or complete madness.

It was precisely for this reason that such a creature was known in mysticism as a Mythical Creature!

However, at that moment, Colin Iliad's head didn't experience any obvious changes. All it did was swell up significantly, and the area from his forehead to nose cracked open with a black vertical eye-like rift.

Before reaching Sequence 2, the Mythical Creature form of a demigod was incomplete!

For a powerhouse of this level, the advantages and disadvantages of assuming such a form were obvious. On the one hand, it significantly enhanced one's strength and level. On the other, it brought intense madness and a powerful inclination to lose control. It was a severe test of rationality, one that those with insufficient willpower could not withstand.

Therefore, most saints would consider transforming into an incomplete Mythical Creature only if they were forced into a corner. And it wouldn't just be the transformation of a particular part of their bodies. To them, such an action was an attempt at dancing on the edge of a knife. It easily led to a loss of control; therefore, caution was imperative.

Most of the time, there were two extremes. One extreme was the minority who indulged in their desires and expressed their evil side fully. The other was the kind who had extremely strong willpower and a resilient mind. Once the former produced the Mythical Creature form, it was equivalent to them losing control with no way of transforming back. The latter could use their Mythical Creature form as a rather normal battle tactic, without the fear of losing control and the threat of madness. Of course, something rather normal wasn't normal. It still wasn't something that could be used frequently. This was because, for people who danced at the edge of the abyss, they would only deepen the erosion on them with each attempt. It wasn't something that could be completely avoided just because they could handle the negative effects.

Among the City of Silver's six-member council, Chief Colin Iliad was one of the few who could control his Mythical Creature form as a Demon Hunter.

He held the two swords that were slathered with different ointments. Just taking a step forward with his right foot sent the land shaking as he leaped up towards the top of the altar. He then pounced towards the former Chief whose body was covered in white feathers.

Dawnlike light shone from within and around his giant body, scattering the surrounding darkness and purifying the horrifying creatures in the illusory river behind them.

At the same time, Waite Chirmont kept drawing his Dragon Slaying Bow, strafing around the former Chief that had transformed into an unknown monster with blinding silver lightning arrows.

Lovia had already closed her eyes. The five-meter-tall silver-armored knight behind her had phased away. Dragging the illusory greatsword, it charged straight at the altar, producing cracks that overflowed with silver light.

In addition to that, at the Shepherd Elder's feet, the shadows that curled into a bundle suddenly began squirming as though they had come to life.

It quickly left Lovia, and amidst the environment intermixing with darkness and the dawn, it followed the eeriness and quickly headed for the iron-black coffin above the altar.

However, its target didn't seem to be the mutated former Chief, but the thin illusory black tubes that were stabbed into his body while extending into infinity!

Moments after Klein returned to the real world, he heard the loud sounds of waves crashing. He heard the prostitutes on the streets screaming in horror without any signs of calming down.

Slightly surprised, he walked to the window and, through the gap of two messily built buildings, saw lead-colored clouds stacked together as waves swarmed the area beyond Poto Harbor. A black hurricane extended from the surface of the sea to the air, tainted with dark silver lightning as it silently destroyed everything.

It was like a door that led to the apocalypse had finally been opened.

And inside the port city, the void had turned translucent. Skulls with open mouths, vines with baby faces, bloody arms, and strange slimy tentacles with teeth were slamming at the boundary between the illusory and reality. It was thrilling and horrendous.

This made many pirates tremble in the knees as they didn't dare stay on the streets. All of them rushed into nearby buildings.

The seemingly invisible wraiths and shadows flew around, appearing from time to time. Coming close to the ears of different targets, they attempted to scream but were unable to make contact.

At that moment, Poto Harbor seemed to fall into the hell known as the Underworld. It was eerie, dark, chaotic, and crazy.

Klein frowned slightly, having had a guess as to what was happening.

Back when he made a divination above the gray fog, it angered the object deep in the gloomy mausoleum. It then unleashed its temper, changing the weather of the Berserk Sea and Poto Harbor, creating the phenomena of the Underworld's descent.

This also means that the mausoleum is indeed concealed somewhere in the Berserk Sea... It's probably something that Death left back then. Of course, this might not be at odds with the product of the Numinous Episcopate's Artificial Death Project. The two might be fused together... Klein retracted his gaze and quickly set up a ritual and sacrificed Azik's copper whistle to the mysterious space above the gray fog. It was to prevent the unknown, strange, and evil object from locking onto him.

After doing so, he looked out the window at the gradually subsiding anomaly and laughed self-deprecatingly. That's quite the warm welcome.

Hmm... The Numinous Episcopate will definitely notice the abnormality of the Berserk Sea. I wonder what actions they will take...

Above the illusory pitch-black river, the waves slowly calmed down. The arms, vines, and tentacles that attempted to grab at something were either vaporized or had no choice but to retract themselves.

Around the altar, the land was already covered in cracks. There were white feathers stained with yellow oil everywhere.

Colin Iliad, in his giant form, had stabbed both swords into the former Chief's body, pinning the rotting monster that wasn't shorter than him onto the collapsed altar. Waite Chirmont's Dragon Slaying Bow had already condensed a silver arrow of light that was filled with a wrathful aura, aiming it at the head of the former Chief which only had tiny pieces of flesh hanging off it.

The shadow that Lovia had produced had successfully arrived at the altar under the silver knight's cover. While the other two Elders weren't paying attention, the shadow leaped and pounced at the black tubes that extended into infinity from the former Chief's body.

With the incorporeal tubes approaching, the shadow's color darkened. The blackness seemed to embody the most corrupt and evil thoughts of humanity.

At this moment, a deep voice resounded around the altar:

"Fate."

The area "in front" of the shadow instantly darkened, and it abruptly found itself pouncing on the giant Colin Iliad.

Colin looked down at it, his eyes lit with a pure brilliance.

It was like the first sliver of light illuminating the darkness of a long night.

The light grew brighter as it blasted out of the mausoleum, causing the basement of the City of Silver's spire to produce an even brighter and dazzling light that met with it.

When the two met in midair, they fell back down, landing upon Colin Iliad's massive body. The pitch-black shadow evaporated with a sizzle, and the distortion and squirming weakened until they completely vanished.

Demon Hunter Colin turned back to glance at Lovia without a word or expression. It was as though nothing had happened.

He quickly retracted his gaze and directed the remnant beam straight into the former Chief's dual swords.

Lovia stood there with her eyes closed without showing any signs of panic or fear. Instead, she slowly sighed.

In the City of Generosity Bayam, Alger Wilson circled around many times in order to escape any imaginary trackers or monitors before arriving at the Artisan's residence. He pulled the doorbell.

He had heard that the Artisan had recently been infected by a disease and strange snoopers had appeared in the vicinity. Alger's first suspicion was the Demoness Sect, but on careful thought, he felt that the Artisan had no way to withstand the temptation of their charm based on his preferences. There was no need for the Demonesses to go through such a complicated and roundabout manner. All they needed to do was curl their fingers and showcase their charm, and he would divulge and agree to everything.

Therefore, Alger believed that there was another reason for the matter. He needed to see it for himself to prevent the delivery of the mystical item from being delayed. He didn't wish to lose the characteristic and materials for no good reason.

As the doorbell rang, the Artisan's front door opened. A thin, tanned, middle-aged man glanced at Alger and said, "Why are you here?"

This person was none other than Artisan Cielf who had worked with Alger for many years. His background was unknown.

"Didn't you say you were sick?" Alger asked, seemingly casual.

Cielf yawned and said, "I'm already better."

Alger was taken aback as he looked around.

"Where's that strange snooper?"

The bags beneath Cielf's eyes were slightly swollen, and his brown eyes betrayed fatigue and impatience.

"Who the hell knows? There's been no sign of the snooper anyway. In short, I'll be moving soon. It's too dangerous here."

Alger heaved a sigh of relief.

"That's good."

He paused for a moment before saying, "Aren't you inviting me for a cup?"

"A fellow like you who only seeks high-proof alcohol has no way of appreciating fine wine." Cielf pulled at his flaxen-colored hair and moved to the side to make way.

Alger walked in sedately, taking in the entire room with a single glance.

Chapter 903: Scholar-type Bishop

Cielf's residence wasn't as messy or dirty as those of most bachelors. Everything was neatly arranged, and not a speck of dust lay on any surface. After all, as an Artisan, he didn't lack money. Many of his activities simply had to remain secret, making it inconvenient to employ a large permanent staff. He therefore had no choice but to hire help by the hour.

Scanning the area, Alger discovered nothing that was off from his previous visit. The furnishing was extremely simple without any expensive ornaments, oil paintings, or sculptures. It resembled the residence of an ordinary person.

Of course, Alger knew very well that Cielf definitely deserved the title of being a tycoon. He just didn't care about putting on a so-called decent image. He was willing to spend hundreds of pounds for a bottle of limited-edition wine, or gift a mistress a house, but he would never waste a single pence on expensive carpets, porcelain, gold-inlaid cutlery, or paintings of famous artists.

"A cup of Sonia blood wine." Alger's expression remained unchanged, but his verbal and body language indicated that he was coming in simply to get a free cup of wine.

Cielf shrugged and said, "You should feel lucky. I don't have the habit of keeping Lanti Proof."

He walked to the tiny bar counter in the living room and took out a bottle of exquisite Sonia blood wine. He then overturned two cups.

Finding a sofa to sit down, Alger took the opportunity to raise his hand to massage his neck as though to relieve any discomfort in his neck.

Using the cover of this action, he naturally took a glance at his surroundings, quickly making an observation of all the spots where he hadn't been able to see previously.

As Cielf couldn't be bothered to decorate his residence much, Alger quickly completed his attempt as his gaze was fixed onto a glass window of a cupboard a distance away for a second.

Through the glass, he saw some dried grass and flowers.

There were red-rimmed flowers, blood moon flowers, and monkey-faced tree leaves. Their common characteristic was that they were common in the Southern Continent, but they were practically not seen in the Northern Continent.

Alger retracted his gaze as he silently watched Cielf carry the bottle of wine and wine glasses over.

Reaching out to take the glass, he began idly chatting about the recent developments at sea until the small half-filled bottle of Sonia blood wine was finished.

Upon seeing this, Alger smiled and bade farewell before leaving.

Five minutes after he left, Cielf who had silently sat down to indulge in his tipsy experience suddenly stood up, walked to the staircase, and opened a wooden door that led to the cellar.

"Did he suspect anything?"

"No."

"Regardless, this place is no longer suitable for you to live in. You need to move away as soon as possible."

"I still have certain commissions that I haven't completed."

"You don't have to. It's not as though you'll contact them again. You will receive a new life."

"All right."

Two buildings away, Alger sat on a long bench in someone's garden, cupping his right hand to his ear as he heard the conversation that came with the wind.

West Balam, Behrens Harbor. Outside a seemingly ordinary house.

"Is it really because of your poor relationship with the Church of Knowledge that you're egging me on to come here and request a Language Comprehension charm?" Danitz wiped the sweat from his forehead and looked uneasily at Anderson.

Anderson said in a self-deprecating and unfazed manner, "You shouldn't describe it as bad..."

"Then hostile?" Danitz blurted out, cutting off his sentence.

Anderson shot him a glance and said, "The negative effects of your boxing glove might not be as easily bearable as you imagine it to be."

He paused and added with a chuckle, "A more accurate description would be that neither I nor the people from the Church of Knowledge wish to interact with each other."

Danitz clenched his boxing glove with one hand and said, seemingly stumped, "But how should I request the charm?

"Do I just head straight to a clergyman of the Church of an orthodox god and mention something about mysticism? I'll end up locked up!"

Danitz was somewhat rash at the moment, but he was in no way dumb.

Anderson threw up his hands.

"Simple, just directly mention my name. Then indicate that you came to West Balam for some pressing matter and do not have the time to learn Dutanese, nor do you dare to hire a local interpreter. Therefore, all you could do was seek their help, hoping that you could receive a few Language Comprehension charms.

"During this process, you must showcase your knowledge of many Northern Continent languages, making the priests know that it's not that you lack the ability to learn Dutanese, but that you just lack the time to do it. Then, they will test you. When that happens, all you need to do is get a good score and you'll receive the charms."

Test... Upon hearing this familiar term, Danitz's temples throbbed as he forced a smile.

"You aren't going yourself because you're afraid of the tests, are you?"

His original intent was to randomly use some words to conceal his discomfort, but he ended up seeing Anderson's expression freeze.

From the looks of it, there's still something you're afraid of... Danitz chortled inwardly as he was suddenly filled with confidence.

He took large strides into the ordinary house and discovered that its interior was more of an amalgamation of classrooms, and not a land of preaching for the Church of Knowledge in Balam.

Then, he saw a grizzled elder.

Although this man wasn't wearing the clergyman robes of the Church of Knowledge, just his unique scholarly air convinced Danitz that he was at least a bishop.

He had sensed a similar air from his captain.

"Hello there." Without covering himself with a hood, Danitz walked over with a smile while dressed in a commoner's attire.

The elder silently watched him approach before slowly saying, "Danitz."

"..."

Danitz stopped and froze on the spot. His mind filled with questions: He knows me? How does he know me? Isn't my bounty limited to the sea?

The elder glanced at him and asked, "You are here for Language Comprehension charms?"

"Yes..." Danitz nodded with a blank look, suddenly having the feeling that he had zero secrets in front of the elder.

The scholarly old gentleman nodded gently.

"Are you planning on heading to the places ruled by Katamia and Maysanchez?"

"Yes." Danitz continued his blank expression.

The elder took out four brass charms from his pocket.

"These can be used for two months. They should be enough."

Danitz accepted them blankly and, after a few seconds, said, "That's it?"

It's that simple?

Isn't there supposed to be a test?

"You don't want it?" the scholarly elder asked with a smile.

"No, it's not that!" Danitz suddenly shook his head, and before his brain could react, he had already asked, "How do you know me? How do you know I want Language Comprehension charms?"

A trace of pity appeared in the elder's eyes as he slowly said, "Your captain contacted me.

"She said that you refused to stop no matter how much they called out to you when you left the ship, rushing straight into the harbor. She had actually prepared a few Language Comprehension charms for you."

As he spoke, the man shook his head, the look in his eyes somewhat ambivalent. It was as though he was looking at a student who was often careless in class.

... I should've realized long ago. Captain is so meticulous. It's impossible that she failed to consider the language barrier... Danitz resisted the urge to slap himself.

When the elder saw the changes in Danitz's expression, he shook his head and asked, "It probably wasn't your own idea to seek help here, right? I was about to use divination to find you."

"Ah, right. It was suggested by Anderson Hood," Danitz immediately replied.

The elder was taken aback for a second before his expression turned ashen.

At that moment, Anderson was sitting outside in the shade. He had snapped a tree branch and was casually drawing on a barren patch among the grass as he leisurely waited for Danitz to come out.

He had no doubts that this unqualified Hunter could obtain the Language Comprehension charms. This was because, as long as Danitz mentioned Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina, everything would become much simpler. The only difference was how many rounds of tests he needed to take.

Just as he finished drawing King of the North Ulyssan's head, he heard a familiar gait coming from the inside.

Anderson's branch-wielding hand paused for a second when he looked up and turned to the door. He saw Danitz holding a stack of paper, walking over with mixed emotions.

"You... failed the test?" Anderson gave him a sincere smile, wholly unconcerned by the failure to obtain the Language Comprehension charms.

Danitz shook his head blankly.

"There wasn't a test."

Anderson was taken aback at first, then immediately understood. "Help from your captain?"

Danitz tersely confirmed it as he handed the stack of paper to Anderson and said, "This is what the bishop wishes me to tell you: 'A real Hunter doesn't rely solely on instinct or focus only on information about the prey. He must also learn to grasp the prey's psyche and use all kinds of supplementary information.'

"This is the information he wants to give you."

Anderson's expression contorted briefly before returning to normal. He chuckled and said, "Thankfully, that isn't much."

Danitz's lips quivered as he finally held back the laughter that rose within him. He said with seriousness, "That's only the table of contents.

"That bishop said that you should try to finish reading all the books mentioned in it within two years."

Anderson's smile finally froze.

Desi Bay, Eskelson Harbor.

Like any ordinary tourist bound for the Southern Continent, Klein bought a ticket to East Balam and boarded a hybrid steam-and-sail liner armed with numerous cannons.

With a hum, the ship left the harbor and quickly entered the Berserk Sea.

Midway, Klein discovered the Loen Kingdom's Desi fleet patrolling the safe sea route as though they were guarding against something.

It seems the anomaly in the Berserk Sea has attracted the Loen military's attention... This way, the Numinous Episcopate likely won't be able to investigate these waters without difficulty. Of course, a fleet can't monitor the entire length of the sea route... Klein stood in his cabin, gazing outside with mingled realization and emotion.

At this moment, he heard stacked illusory pleas. He hurriedly headed above the gray fog to check on it.

The prayer was from The Hanged Man. He requested Mr. Fool to inform The Hermit that the Artisan was suspected to be controlled by a cult or secret organization and that he wished to receive some help from her.

Chapter 904: Analysis

The Artisan is suspected to be under the control of a cult or secret organization? Yet, he's trying to get The Hermit's help? Just get The World! Who knows which waters the Future is in at the moment and how long it would take to reach there. What's more, The World can Teleport! After hearing The Hanged Man's prayers, Klein subconsciously rebutted his request, believing that it would delay an opportunity, causing unnecessary losses.

He then calmed down. With Mr. Hanged Man's attention to detail and wealth of experience, it was impossible for him to make such a simple mistake. He must have his reasons for requesting The Hermit's help instead of The World's.

This also means that Mr. Hanged Man has determined that the matter hasn't reached a critical stage requiring immediate action. He still wants to observe it and uncover more clues and details... Besides, since Ma'am Hermit offered her help in advance, she must believe that her area of activity will overlap with Mr. Hanged Man's for the time being. If anything truly happens, she will be able to hurry there as quickly as possible... Or does she also possess powers similar to Teleport? That's highly unlikely... Klein tapped the edge of the mottled table, deciding that he should trust Mr. Hanged Man's experience.

Of course, Mr. Hanged Man hadn't described his discoveries or suspicions in detail, preventing Klein from inferring or divining the truth of the matter.

As his thoughts stirred, Klein threw The Hanged Man's prayer scene into the crimson star representing The Hermit.

As he was waiting for Admiral of Stars to reply, he suddenly saw the star representing The Sun suddenly contract and expand as it produced stacked layers of prayers.

Has the City of Silver's exploration of the former Chief's mausoleum yielded some preliminary results? Klein guessed as he extended his spirituality.

As he expected, Little Sun began recounting everything that had happened after the three members of the six-member council opened the former Chief's mausoleum. This included encountering the souls of their deceased relatives, crossing a river that concealed countless strange creatures, and confronting the incomplete Mythical Creature form of the white-feathered former Chief. It also included Shepherd Lovia separating a shadow from herself and attempting to pounce on the illusory tubes extending from the former Chief's body. Colin Iliad had stopped her by using the Fate Siphon charm to briefly exchange his fate with the former Chief's, thereby changing the outcome.

Thin, illusory black tubes... White feathers stained with pale yellow oil... This sounds familiar... Yes, weren't those the defining features of the scene I saw when I divined the abnormality of Azik's copper whistle? And the former Chief built the mausoleum in order to switch to Sequence 3 Ferryman of the Death pathway... As Klein listened, his thoughts raced, connecting the clues and considering what conclusion he might draw from them.

Soon, he had a bold guess:

The mutation of the City of Silver's former Chief had a certain connection with the Numinous Episcopate's Artificial Death Project!

The conclusion sounded inexplicable and unbelievable. The City of Silver lay in the completely isolated Forsaken Land of the Gods, a place that could be entered only by certain means through the Giant King's Court and the ruins of the battle of the gods. Even the seven deities could neither find nor infiltrate it. However, the numerous similarities, together with Shepherd Elder Lovia's actions during the operation, prompted Klein, ever sensitive to coincidences, to eliminate other possibilities and seriously consider what these two seemingly unrelated matters might indicate.

Considering the scene revealed by his divination, the white feathers that had grown from the pores on the backs of his hands when he summoned the failed product of Artificial Death, and the three City of Silver Elders' encounter, he began to suspect that the Numinous Episcopate's attempt might have succeeded to some degree.

Through a series of sacrificial rituals and the transformation of their own High-Sequence Beyonders, they influenced Death's remains via backward propagation, causing that abstract, illusory Uniqueness which represented a deity's authority to generate some form of sentience. This allowed the object that was only a totem and a concept to come to life!

Hence, this unintelligent object that couldn't be considered Artificial Death had begun assimilating the entire ritual, eagerly exerting its influence on lower Sequence Beyonders of the same pathway.

Once certain conditions were met, the object hidden in the depths of the black fog could extend thin, illusory black tubes, establish connections with its targets, and draw upon their strength to transform their bodies.

And this method might involve the Underworld or something special about Death's domain. It could circumvent the force that isolated the Forsaken Land of the Gods and make effective contact with the beings within!

Therefore, the shadow Shepherd Elder Lovia had produced was a bestowment from the True Creator. Was its goal to follow the thin, illusory black tubes on the former Chief's body and trace them to Death's corrupted remains? Perhaps this was how the Mother Tree of Desire had replaced the Chained God and seized the corresponding authority...

Thankfully, the current Chief of the City of Silver has a very clear mind. He knew ahead of time to seek out the secret existence backing Little Sun for help. By using the Fate Siphon charm, he remarkably foiled the True Creator's ploy...

Hmm, from the looks of it, the two powerful Sealed Artifacts of the City of Silver are good at purification. They're able to stop the shadow that can corrupt Death's remains...

Heh heh, as The Fool, I seem to have crossed the True Creator once again. Of course, Amon will be the one taking the blame since the Worm of Time was contributed by "Him"... Through Little Sun's description and relying on his own interference, Klein roughly figured out the hidden conflict that happened during the City of Silver's exploratory operation.

Meanwhile, he also gained a first look at Shepherd Elder's mental condition.

To Lovia, the thin, illusory black tubes leading to the outside world were undoubtedly the key to the City of Silver's escape from the Forsaken Land of the Gods. Therefore, she remained utterly convinced that her actions had been right and showed no sign of regret. In her eyes, the Chief was the one who had shattered that hope.

It's not too terrifying to have someone do evil deeds. What's most terrifying is when people who have a martyrish mentality do evil they believe to be right... Klein couldn't help but sigh inwardly.

As for why Little Sun knew what happened inside the mausoleum so clearly, it was obvious that Chief Colin Iliad had informed him during a casual chat.

At this point, Derrick had already recounted how the three Elders had retrieved a special Sealed Artifact. It was a Beyonder characteristic left behind by the former Chief that had fused with his bones.

The former Chief was from the Giant pathway, beginning from Sequence 9 Warrior to Sequence 4 Demon Hunter. The Ferryman potion he consumed corresponds to the Death pathway's Sequence 3. The two Beyonder characteristics mixed together must be weirder and more varied than a single pathway. Together with the added effects of Artificial Death, the final Sealed Artifact must be very powerful. Of course, the negative effects will probably be equally powerful...

Yes, back when the black illusory river was described, the various weird creatures likely corresponded to the Underworld. This is similar to the scene I saw in the Berserk Sea. It's also similar in effect to what Miss Sharron's mystical item created... As Klein thought about it, he listened to Little Sun wrap up the topic of the exploration before mentioning the monster known as Shapeshifter.

After Derrick finished describing it, Klein felt that Shapeshifters were very likely Bizarro Banes.

He hurriedly summoned a gold coin from the junk pile and performed a divination to confirm his guess.

With Little Sun's current strength, there's no way for him to head to that city to hunt it. I can only wait until that Chief prays to The Fool once again or seeks help via Little Sun... Anyway, there's no rush. I haven't found the Spirit World Plunderer yet... Klein nodded indiscernibly.

After requesting Mr. Fool to pass the corresponding information to Mr. World, Derrick said that he had enough points and could soon exchange for the Beyonder characteristic for Sequence 5 Vampire and complete the three-party transaction, so he requested that Mr. Moon prepare himself.

On the Future, which was slowly cruising through the waters of the Rorsted Archipelago.

Admiral of Stars Cattleya thanked Mr. Fool and nudged the glasses on her nose. Opening the window to the captain's cabin, she shouted to everyone, "Turn towards Bayam."

After issuing the command, this pirate admiral curled the corners of her mouth. She finally had the chance to establish a long-term cooperation with an Artisan.

But at that moment, she suddenly thought of a problem.

If she easily received the help of an Artisan, would Frank Lee, who hadn't been able to obtain a Sequence 5 potion formula, attempt to make the Druid Beyonder characteristic into an item to expedite his paused experiments?

That's not a good thing... Cattleya subconsciously raised her hand and pinched her forehead.

On the liner, Klein, who had finished handling the matters, focused on enjoying his trip.

Due to the Berserk Sea's abnormal weather changes, the liner had chosen a longer, more circuitous, but far safer route. It would also dock overnight at a harbor named Halman.

Klein didn't alight and remained at a window-side table at the upper level's restaurant to have his dinner.

While waiting for his food, he casually looked out the window and took in the local night skyline.

Suddenly, he discovered a suspicious figure with a luggage bag preparing to board the ship.

The reason why he appeared suspicious wasn't only because the man was wearing a black overcoat and tall top hat, but that he wore a scarf that wrapped his face, hiding his physical features. All that was left were a pair of eyes.

That pair of eyes remained fixed on the ground, preventing anyone from discerning his true appearance.

Chapter 905: Psychological Blind Spot

Based on his experience from watching many detective animations, Klein believed that someone who wore a scarf to conceal his face and hid his physical characteristics with an overcoat was likely problematic. He probably hid an unspeakable secret, especially when it wasn't winter yet and the temperature in the Berserk Sea couldn't be considered cold.

However, this has nothing to do with me. Even if a locked-room murder mystery happens, the one having a headache would be the Captain... I should head above the gray fog later to do a divination and see if this trip will be smooth... Klein didn't mind the matter, but he still thought about it conscientiously.

He retracted his gaze and looked at the Desi roasted fish that was being served by the waiter.

After having dinner, he returned to his cabin and completed a divination above the gray fog. He obtained the conclusion that there wouldn't be drastic changes to the environment he was in and that everything would happen smoothly.

This allowed Klein to fall asleep peacefully without relying on Cogitation as he slept till daybreak.

With a whistle from the steam engine, the liner began moving and departing Halman Harbor.

The harbor could still be vaguely seen as Klein saw a figure there.

The figure wore a white shirt and a dark blue coat. He had a rather high nose, deeply recessed eyes, light blue eyes, and brown curly hair. His face was rather cut and his chin was slightly raised. He gave off a supercilious look.

With a sweep of his gaze, he quickly locked onto the liner which Klein was on.

At this moment, the sky suddenly darkened as though a door leading into the pitch-black land of illusions had formed.

A deafening typhoon stirred up from the seabed, surging upwards with massive amounts of blue mass. Dark lightning flashed like rifts in the void. They kept appearing and kept healing themselves until they disappeared.

This completely blocked the vision of those on the liner and at the harbor, putting them in two seemingly different worlds.

The Berserk Sea had once again shown its horror.

The liner failed to avoid or resist, and it could only continue cruising forward along the safe sea route that had relatively weaker storms.

What a coincidence... This likely isn't a coincidence... Standing behind the window of his cabin, Klein first sighed inwardly before coming to the conclusion that this sudden anomaly in the Berserk Sea was due to unnatural reasons.

Although it was common for the weather in the Berserk Sea to change suddenly without notice, to actually change at a particular point in time still left one suspicious.

The man at the dock is tracking the suspicious tourist from last night? And that tourist decided to change the weather upon realizing that he had been exposed, doing so that he can force the liner to leave? Klein made a guess when he made the connection.

And if that really were the case, it means that the suspicious passenger who hid his face with a scarf might very well be a demigod or someone who carried a Grade 1 Sealed Artifact!

After all, with Klein's present strength and items, it was impossible for him to trigger such a weather anomaly without the use of Sea God Scepter.

Of course, he also had other means like throwing out Azik's copper whistle to see if he could cause the entire Berserk Sea to go berserk.

Seriously? I just want to be an ordinary tycoon traveling to the Southern Continent. Why would I encounter a pursuit involving demigods... Sigh, I'm under far more pressure than my Sequence warrants... Klein laughed self-deprecatingly and ultimately chose to trust the divination he had performed the previous night.

Amidst the storm, the wobbling liner cruised along a rather calm stretch with apocalyptic scenes around it. And most of the tourists wore calm looks as though they were very accustomed to such conditions. Only a few people who were on their first trip across the Berserk Sea were trembling, grabbing tightly to anything they could grab at.

Time ticked by as the gales and lightning gradually calmed down. Bit by bit, the sky brightened.

At this moment, Klein, who was on the deck, felt his spiritual perception trigger. He subconsciously looked in the direction of Halman Harbor.

Above the undulating dark blue waves, beneath white scattered clouds, there was a white radiant flame flying over at high speeds from afar.

The flame increased in size and became increasingly clearer until it revealed its complete form. It was a gigantic flaming spear!

The flaming spear tore across the sky and landed at the bow of the liner's deck. However, it didn't ignite anything. It burnt through half a wooden plank and spread out before materializing into a figure.

The figure had a high nose, deeply recessed eyes, and blue eyes. He was none other than the man who had previously appeared at the dock!

He looked middle-aged as he slowly surveyed the area and walked through the wide-eyed and agape tourists before walking into the cabin.

The similarly agape Dwayne Dantes silently heaved a sigh of relief when he confirmed that the person wasn't here for him.

What an impressive entrance. As expected of a demigod... Now, the only concern is keeping them from coming to blows. Even if a clash is unavoidable, it would be best if they fought over a neighboring stretch of sea. Otherwise, this ship has no hope of withstanding it... I can Teleport away without much trouble, but all these passengers... I'll only be able to save a few... Klein habitually drew the sign of the crimson moon on his chest, praying for the Goddess to bless them.

Just as he had such a thought, he saw a figure fly out of the cabin, slamming heavily onto the deck. It was none other than the suspicious tourist who had covered his face with a scarf.

This man had already revealed half his face. The tip of his nose was red and he had a thick beard around his mouth with saliva staining them.

His nearly triangular eyes were filled with horror. He held his hands to the deck as he kept crawling backward.

"Who told you to carry that item and put on such a disguise?" The middle-aged man with the high nose and blue eyes slowly emerged from the cabin entrance, speaking in a grave voice and in Intis.

The suspicious tourist shook his head frantically.

"No, I don't know. He was also wearing the same. H-he gave me 100 pounds to take this ship to the Southern Continent before returning by myself!"

The middle-aged man silently watched with his penetrating glare that seemed to tear through his soul.

This made the tourist break out into a sweat as his body convulsed. He once again stammered his explanation, but there weren't any changes to it.

The man retracted his gaze before his body burst into white radiant flames.

Following that, he transformed into a gigantic flaming spear and shot towards the region where Halman Harbor was.

The flaming spear quickly disappeared into the distance, leaving a twinkling speck.

Throughout the entire process, apart from at the very beginning, the demigod didn't spare the surrounding tourists another glance. It was as though they didn't exist.

A simple but smart ruse... By getting someone to disguise as himself and board the ship, then using certain means to control the weather; thus, creating proof that he's on the ship, but in actual fact, he had been at the harbor the entire time. Once the enemy starts the pursuit, he can then attempt to escape... Enlightened, Klein made a judgment.

This made him suspect if the pursuee was once a Conspirer, Magician, or other Beyonder that was good at coming up with ruses.

As for the person who transformed into a burning-white spear, his arrogance, detestable nature, and his usage of the Intis language had made Klein believe that he was probably a demigod from the Hunter pathway. It was possible that he was an Iron-blooded Knight.

I've no idea why there was a conflict... Klein shook his head and returned to his cabin.

On the deck, the tourists finally snapped to their senses as they discussed the supernatural phenomenon they had just seen in murmurs.

A person could transform into a flame, and the flame could reform into a human!

Amidst the noisy commotion, the liner continued cruising forward on the safe sea route. It didn't encounter any accidents midway, and it arrived at another harbor at midnight.

Like usual, Klein didn't alight, afraid that he would encounter something.

He took out his gold pocket watch and opened it to determine the time to head to the restaurant.

Another half an hour... Klein silently muttered to himself as he looked up and out the window.

At this moment, many tourists who were bound for this harbor were heading for the dock along the gangway with their luggage in hand.

As he swept his gaze, Klein's gaze suddenly stopped on a figure.

The figure wore a black bonnet. He had dark golden sideburns. His lips were tightly pursed and his facial features were clear and distinct, like an ancient, classical sculpture without any wrinkles.

He wasn't carrying any luggage, and soon, he stepped onto the dock with the crowd, disappearing into the corner of the road.

Klein just watched motionlessly, as though his body wasn't his.

He felt every drop of his blood turn cold as a name appeared in his mind: Ince Zangwill!

The street lamps on the harbor had already lit up. The liner's many windows also lit up in concert with them.

Dwayne Dantes was waiting inside a first-class cabin in darkness and silence.

Klein had already sat down without showing any emotion. All kinds of thoughts couldn't help but flash across his mind.

This is the first time I'm discovering signs of Ince Zangwill after the Great Smog of Backlund...

The demigod from before was probably tracking Ince Zangwill...

His tricks are more sophisticated than I thought. He found someone to disguise himself as him and gave the man certain items, not to lure his pursuers away, but to create a psychological blind spot. It made them subconsciously eliminate this ship as a possibility...

He was here from the beginning...

That coincidental change in weather was likely created by Ince Zangwill with 0-08...

Why would he be pursued by an Intis Hunter demigod... What is he plotting...

Amidst his churning thoughts, Klein suddenly took out the adventurer's harmonica and blew it.

Silently, Miss Messenger Reinette Tinekerr with her four blonde, red-eyed heads in hand appeared before him.

Klein opened his mouth before closing them again. Picking up a pen, he quickly wrote:

"Mr. Dwayne Dantes has discovered traces of Ince Zangwill on Waypoint Island in the Berserk Sea."

Folding the letter, Klein handed it along with a gold coin to Miss Messenger.

"Send it to the mailbox at Backlund's 7 Pinster Street."

The four heads in Reinette Tinekerr's hand turned at the same time as the eight eyes looked at Klein.

She didn't say anything and bit onto the letter and gold coin.

Chapter 906: Leonard's Warning

Backlund, North Borough.

The pitch-black night had the crimson moon covered by clouds. There were only street lamps on the two sides of the road that emitted a faint light, illuminating the road ahead and the doors of the nearby houses.

The mailbox at 7 Pinster Street rested silently at the boundary between light and darkness, bathed in a cool crosswind as though asleep.

At this moment, newspapers, bills, and letters from various unknown people suddenly spewed out from its mouth.

These objects seemed to be dragged by an invisible hand as they floated in midair before flying towards the door and entering through a gap.

Inside the house, at the foyer, the newspapers automatically spread open as they rapidly flipped over. Then, they were casually left on the chair, stacking over other newspapers.

The bills and letters continued flying into the living room, with the former quickly stopping. With a few shakes, they floated to the surface of the coffee table and lined up. The latter had their envelopes removed, and the letters without envelopes quickly unfolded themselves, showcasing themselves in midair.

After a while, some of the letters flew onto a rack in the first-floor study. Others rushed toward the scissors and used them to cut themselves apart. Then, in orderly fashion, they streamed into the washroom and threw themselves into the toilet.

Whoosh!

The toilet's mechanical flush depressed itself, washing the paper shreds into the sewers.

7 Pinster Street went back to normal, and its silence was identical to an uninhabited house's.

Southern Continent, East Balam, Kolain City.

Leonard Mitchell, who had just arrived, was resting in a residence arranged by the local Church of Evernight.

Suddenly, that slightly-aged voice sounded in his mind:

"Punk, you have an important letter."

"What letter?" While Leonard asked softly, he already had a guess in mind.

To mail an important letter to 7 Pinster Street without caring that it was inhabited, there was only one, no--two people: Klein Moretti and Dwayne Dantes.

As for how the old man named Pallez Zoroast could clearly read letters sent to 7 Pinster Street despite the Berserk Sea and half the Northern Continent separating them, Leonard had only one or two guesses. After all, he had once helped the old man capture a specter.

With regards to this, his theory was:

Old Man definitely used a Worm of Time to parasitize that specter, making it "His" eyes, ears, and mouth in the Northern Continent.

At that moment, Pallez Zoroast replied to his question.

"It's from Klein Moretti. He said that while Dwayne Dantes was heading to the Southern Continent, he discovered traces of Ince Zangwill on Waypoint Island in the Berserk Sea."

Leonard fell silent immediately as his mouth turned agape. However, he didn't say a word.

After a long while, he muttered with a slightly hoarse voice, "As expected, he didn't forget the need for revenge...

"What can I do?"

"What can you do? You're only a Sequence 6. Even without 0-08, Ince Zangwill is beyond your ability to take revenge on. He only needs to reveal his Mythical Creature form to make you lose control and go mad. Your chances of exacting revenge are zero! This is the qualitative change brought about by godhood," Pallez Zoroast said sternly.

He paused before chuckling.

"Thankfully, you understand yourself in a way that's better than before. In the past, you definitely would've said that you would inform the Church with news of Ince Zangwill and join the team to pursue him. And now, you know to ask what you can do."

Leonard had wanted to retort a few times, but he ultimately didn't say a word.

Pallez Zoroast continued, "What you can do for now is to give Klein Moretti some information. Wait for him to write back to you. Then, based on the arrangements written, provide the necessary assistance."

"So I shouldn't find some excuse to inform the Church of Ince Zangwill's location?" Leonard asked gravely, somewhat surprised.

Pallez Zoroast chuckled and said, "No hurry. Do it at the critical moment.

"Although 0-08 enjoys causing its possessor's death, it doesn't wish to be sealed even more so. As long as you inform the Church of Ince Zangwill's location and begin a pursuit, it will immediately learn of it and make the necessary arrangements.

"You need to warn Klein Moretti about this."

Leonard was taken aback for a second as he asked, "Old Man, you seem to know 0-08 rather well."

It wasn't apparent in the past!

Pallez's slightly-aged voice chuckled.

"Of course I do. During the Fourth Epoch, 0-08 once caused the death of an angel.

"I can't tell you too much because once you know of it, it will also know you. The more you know about it, the more likely you will become a character in its stories."

From Old Man's vague words, Leonard gained a genuine appreciation of 0-08's terror. It had already exceeded the bounds of the mysticism he knew!

After some thought, Leonard asked habitually, "Then how should I hint to Klein Moretti without letting 0-08 know? Or that even if he were to know, it will be very superficial knowledge, making me a bystander in the story..."

As he said this, Leonard clasped his hands and gritted his teeth. Without waiting for Old Man's reply, he continued, "An indirect hint? I'll tell him that I won't inform the Church of Ince Zangwill's location for the time being... Given the circumstances, he should understand that there's a problem and that we need to be extremely cautious. Even if he fails to interpret it, his secret organization has members who understand the Fourth Epoch well enough to help him.

"Also, just writing the sentence, 'Once you know it, it will also know you,' without mentioning 0-08 should be enough for Klein to guess what this is pointing at..."

After Pallez Zoroast finished listening, "He" chuckled and said, "Humans will only grow under pressure."

Leonard exhaled and sat up. He found a pen and paper and penned his thoughts.

Immediately afterward, he set up a ritual and summoned Gehrman Sparrow's messenger.

Berserk Sea, Waypoint Island. On a liner docked at the harbor.

Many tourists weren't alighting. They were huddled in the lower deck cabins, waiting to arrive at the Southern Continent to begin a life filled with hope.

They had gone through a great deal of effort to save up the fare for a ship ride that spanned a few short days. They were from Loen and were those who had been forced to take such risks.

Klein, who was acting as the tycoon, Dwayne Dantes, wasn't like them. He lived in a spacious, clean first-class cabin that could even be described as luxurious. Under some candlelight, he opened the letter that had just been delivered by Reinette Tinekerr.

Will not be informing the Church of Ince Zangwill's location for the time being... To Leonard, although the source of the tip might put him in certain danger, it's not impossible for him to do it... Didn't he join the Red Gloves to seek revenge? This means that he has a reason why he can't sound the alarm on Ince Zangwill... As Klein thought, he continued reading the rest of the letter: "Once you know it, it will also know you."

Suddenly, Klein exclaimed, finding the description somewhat familiar!

This is very similar to the Twilight Hermit Order. Any mention of it will be known... So, 0-08 is a Sealed Artifact of the Spectator pathway? Leonard isn't informing the Church of this matter because he's held back by this. He wishes to wait for a better opportunity? This is likely something the grandpa in his body told him... Klein nodded in thought, feeling thankful that he hadn't asked Reinette Tinekerr for help moments ago.

That would've been equally dangerous for Miss Messenger.

Besides, most important of all, I haven't made any preparations. If I were to only rely on a helper I hire, my plan might very well be detected by 0-08 ahead of time. A series of coincidences would then be created, producing a targeted arrangement... Klein silently sighed and felt that he needed to do something, but he was at a loss as to how to begin.

As for improving his strength, acquiring the corresponding ingredients from a Bizarro Bane and a Spirit World Plunderer depended on a future request from the City of Silver's Chief and on when Miss Magician could obtain the exact coordinates from her teacher. Both depended on external factors Klein had no means of hastening.

The only thing he could do was to try his best to digest the Marionettist potion as quickly as possible.

And after concluding most of the acting principles, the actual implementation was more important.

Therefore, Klein believed that he needed to obtain two marionettes within a short span of time.

He had previously been delaying it because he didn't have any good targets. It stemmed from him being in Backlund with servants around him. Unless they were special marionettes, it was very difficult to hide their existences. And now, he was almost at the Southern Continent. He decided that as long as he identified an evil target who deserved the gallows, he would first transform them into his marionette until he had a better replacement!

Perhaps using an ordinary marionette to complete a rather difficult task will accelerate the digestion... Heh, my standards for a marionette have fallen to their lowest point. It only needs to know Dutanese. That way, I won't have to hire an interpreter; after all, I can share its senses... Klein quickly made up his mind and planned to write to Leonard Mitchell once he had developed a more complete plan.

East Balam, Kolain City.

Klein carried his luggage and stepped onto the dock, touching ground on the Southern Continent.

He looked into the distance at the city that was built on terraces. He silently said to himself, I have to have two marionettes when I leave this place.

And before that, he had one thing to do. It was to lose the tail of the "followers" that the military had arranged.

The two gentlemen were rather good at being spies, but to Klein, they were as bright as fireflies in the night. This was because, no matter how well disguised they were, Klein could use his Faceless's ability of observation and his memory of a human's physical features and looks to recognize them at a glance.

Chapter 907: The Power of Mysticism

Most of Kolain City's buildings stood along roads that spiraled upward. Squares or small markets occupied the intermediate levels and the relatively flat, open spaces.

Klein carried his luggage, and with his spiritual intuition as a Seer, he randomly chose a direction to proceed in and found a relatively lively bar along the way.

There weren't many carriages on the streets, and hired ones were especially rare. The most popular means of transportation in East Balam was a "Coffin." This arose from the local tradition of worshiping Death. People viewed coffins as objects that brought serenity and peace; thus, Klein often saw black coffins being carried past him. Their lids were lighter than usual and opened at any time like carriage doors.

They're carried by two, four, or eight people, or drawn by horses or single-horned goats... Such a tradition is quite terrifying at night. Hmm, it isn't much better during the day. The entire city feels dark and eerie... Klein took in the "scenery" around him as he entered the square. To his left stood a cathedral of the Lord of Storms; to his right were restaurants and bars.

When he stopped in his tracks, a coffin being carried by four men was also lowered.

As the lid was opened, the passenger inside the coffin stood up and took a step forward. He was a Northern Continent-styled gentleman dressed in a white shirt and black vest.

The gentleman's formal coat was slung against his arm, something he wore only after he left the coffin.

Then, Klein saw the man head straight for the Lord of Storms cathedral and enter it.

This is rather incongruous... Doesn't the Church of Storms enjoy changing colonial traditions and forcibly imposing Loen's? Why don't they do that in East Balam? Is it because the Death and Evernight pathways are similar, so the Church of Storms wants to preserve some traditions of Death worship in order to curb the spread of the Church of Evernight? Klein nodded thoughtfully and turned toward the buildings on the right, preparing to enter one of the bars.

Having experienced it personally, he came to the realization as to why the dressing style of the ancient Balam Empire was written as such in so many history books.

They enjoy wearing trousers, those that are light and breezy. They find creases beautiful... Isn't this to make it easier to lie in a coffin when outside? Klein shook his head with a smile as he pushed open the heavy wooden door. Squeezing through the drunkards, he walked towards the bar counter.

And at this moment, the two military "followers" had deliberately opened up a distance from Dwayne Dantes to prevent themselves from being exposed. They had walked to the door side.

Taking this brief reprieve, Klein suddenly switched directions and passed through the crowd like a fish in water, heading straight for the bar's backdoor.

Although he didn't know Dutanese, he could read drawings on signs and knew where the washrooms and places where entry was forbidden to customers.

After circling to a blind spot from the door, Klein quickly took off his coat and slung it on his arm.

Immediately, with his golden cane, he reached out his palm to cover his face and slow down his pace. Turning directions again, he headed for the bar's entrance.

After opening up a distance of nearly ten meters from where he took off his coat, Klein lowered his face-shielding right hand to reveal a completely different face.

His white sideburns, deep-set eyes, and elegant demeanor were all gone. He now wore an ordinary Loenese face that could be seen anywhere on the Northern Continent.

With luggage and cane in hand, Klein walked staidly towards the two military "followers." As they were looking for Dwayne Dantes, he walked past them and left the bar.

Be it tracking or anti-tracking, they were both strong traits of a Faceless!

Returning to the square, Klein turned into a sloped alley that led to higher ground. He planned on finding a hotel elsewhere.

As he walked on a rather deserted path, he suddenly heard a woman's frantic cries.

The voice was only maintained for a very short moment before it was silenced.

Although he didn't know what she was shouting, Klein could sense the horror, fear, and panic in her voice. Hence, he switched directions and entered a narrower and more deserted trail.

In less than ten seconds, he saw a local man in his thirties pinning a thirteen- or fourteen-year-old girl in a secluded corner and assaulting her. His skin was brownish, and his features were rather soft.

Klein took a glance and slowed down his pace before stopping in the nearby shadows.

At this moment, the girl's face was extremely horrified and distorted. However, regardless of how she struggled, she was unable to free herself and had only received a beating in response.

Her tears and snot flowed out while her mouth was stuffed with cloth. All she could do was produce muffling sounds.

At that moment, she was surprised to find the scoundrel's attempts to remove her clothes slowing down.

With no time to consider what was happening, she instinctively looked at the scoundrel and found his eyes wide open. His facial muscles writhed slowly, unable to form a complete expression. His limbs twitched and faltered as he tried to continue, allowing her to evade him with ease.

The girl instinctively pushed him, which had ended up having surprisingly excellent results. Freed, she immediately stood up and fled. However, she couldn't help but feel her legs go limp. After a few steps, she tripped over a stone and nearly fell to the ground.

At this moment, she heard the sound of footsteps behind her. Reeling in anxiety, she fumbled to her feet.

But almost immediately, the sounds of footsteps suddenly ceased.

The girl subconsciously looked back, only to see the scoundrel standing two meters away. His joints moved strangely, as though rusted.

What's happening... The girl felt as though she was having a nightmare.

The brown-skinned man struggled for a moment before falling still. With a smile, he said in Dutanese, "In the future, if you encounter someone like me, remember to head for the nearest cathedral or somewhere crowded."

The girl was taken aback for a moment before she screamed. Turning around, she ran as fast as she could.

Subconsciously, she chose to run in the direction of the square where the cathedral was.

When the calm and silence of the deserted spot was restored, the brown-skinned man turned to look at the nearby shadows where Klein walked out from.

A new marionette... His body isn't strong enough, and he's not nimble enough. He lacks Beyonder powers and looks rather fierce. Apart from knowing Dutanese, he's completely useless, Klein simply evaluated. If it wasn't because he was committing a crime and that I wasn't proficient in the local language, I would've buried him immediately.

He couldn't help but make a comparison with his former marionette, Admiral of Blood Senor.

Senor was a Wraith and was capable of Mirror Blink. He could hide in gold coins and reflective surfaces. I didn't need to worry that he would be seen by others... He also had Shriek and the ability to possess others. Together with a Marionettist, it's a perfect combination...

More importantly, he also knew Dutanese...

Comparing this marionette and him is like the difference between a penny and 42,000 gold pounds.

I've no idea what his name is, and I can only use powers to sense some superficial thoughts. I have no way of obtaining deeper memories unless I encounter someone or something familiar. There would be a corresponding change in the spirit to release more information... I'll just call him "Ah Fu." Ah, no--that's too Chinese. "Oaf" it is.

Klein rubbed his temples and sighed. He needed to leave the area with his new marionette, Oaf, before the girl led the clergymen over.

Before long, with the help of his marionette's translations, he found an inn to stay in at the border between Kolain City's flourishing and backward area. This place didn't need him to provide any proof of identity, even though Klein had already changed his appearance to that of a regular local.

There's an even greater lack of administration management than the colonies at sea... Klein put down his luggage and threw most of the cash he brought with him above the gray fog, leaving only 50 pounds for his daily expenses.

Meanwhile, having crossed the Berserk Sea, and without needing to be afraid of causing any further anomalies, he took down the copper whistle and iron cigar case from the mysterious space above the gray fog so as to make it easier for Mr. Azik to locate him.

After finishing all of this and having had dinner on the liner, he had the spare time to seek out his second marionette.

As for how to find one, Klein didn't know Kolain City well enough, so he decided to rely on his abilities as a Seer and use mystical means!

With Oaf, he left the inn. Klein snapped a branch of a Donningsman Tree and used it as a dowsing rod. With great familiarity, he used Cogitation and muttered, "Location of my new marionette."

In the silent environment, pairs of cold eyes seemed to pierce through the obstruction of the incorporeal and the corporeal and landed on the dowsing rod.

The branch fell to the ground and pointed in a direction.

After advancing forward a little, he did another divination and followed his new revelation. Seven to eight turns later, he arrived at a steep staircase.

This staircase was connected to many roads in Kolain. One had to look up to see the top, and there was no one at all.

The divination's revelation is pointing here... Why isn't there anyone here? The result isn't accurate because I didn't do a divination above the gray fog? But I'm already a Sequence 5 Marionettist. My divination abilities are definitely one of the best below that of High-Sequence Beyonders... Klein frowned slightly as he surveyed the area, but he failed to find any targets.

After some thought, he walked towards the staircase and sat in the shadows of the lowest step. He then waited in boredom despite a lack of confidence.

After a few minutes, he stood up again and made Oaf sit where he was sitting.

Then, Klein opened up a gap from him and hid two hundred meters away in a hidden spot.

Kolain City. Lower Lip District.

Leonard Mitchell and Daly Simone arrived at a nearby district with the Red Gloves team captain, Soest.

With the night as cover, Soest emphasized the operation to all the members once again.

"Our target this time is Ulika who's living at Unit 13. He's a rather important member of the Numinous Episcopate and is in charge of communicating with the different small teams in Backlund.

"Although all our intelligence points to him not being a demigod, I have applied for a Grade 1 Sealed Artifact to be safe. Her Excellency, Goddess's Eye, is also ready to provide her assistance to us at any time.

"Also, most of the residents of this district are locals. We have to be wary of them also being members of the Numinous Episcopate."

Chapter 908: Not Leaving Any Problems

Lower Lip District. 13 Canine Street.

The plump, dark-brown-skinned Ulika sat on a sofa, his eyes tiny. He wrapped a dried, yellowed tobacco leaf around ten different Southern Continent herbs and spices, then cut the roll into long strips.

Then, he held his self-made East Balam smoke pipe in his hand and brought it close to the matchstick his subordinate had lit. The end blackened and curled as it glowed red.

Biting down on the end and taking a deep drag, Ulika slowly exhaled white smoke tinged pale blue. He looked at the visitor in the armchair opposite him and said, "This is what a cigarette should be. A real cigarette.

"The ones in the Northern Continent are only suitable for children!"

The person sitting on the single-seater was a man in his forties. He had a high nose, blue eyes, and gentle facial contours. His black hair was thick and curly. His skin color wasn't too dark, but neither was it fair. He resembled a mixed-blood between someone from Loen and Balam.

He chuckled and replied in Dutanese, "Unfortunately, I have no interest in cigarettes of any kind."

"Enzo, you don't know how to enjoy life at all..." Before Ulika could finish his sentence, his powerful spirituality that was a result of his pathway had warned him of some danger.

The warning came so suddenly and urgently that Ulika immediately realized the danger was far from trivial.

He had yet to leap away from where he was sitting when all he saw was darkness. It was as though he could directly see the night sky outside. A strong sense of sleepiness overwhelmed him as he felt a level of serenity from the bottom of his heart.

Along Canine Street, be it the houses with lit lamps or extinguished lamps, it became abnormally silent at that very moment. It was as though no living being lived in them, or that everyone had fallen asleep at the same moment.

At this moment, the snoring and slumped Ulika suddenly leaped up. His eyes wore the strange combination of a reverie and lucidity.

Behind him, a nearly illusory girl with pale skin was stuck to his back at some point in time!

This girl's eyes were bluish-green, and her lips were jet black. Her eyes were silently looking to the side, and her ghastly pale and translucent limbs had drilled into Ulika's body as though she was a spirit that couldn't be shaken off.

Her existence brought a chill to his Soul Body, making Ulika barely resist his abnormal sleepiness as he broke free from the influence of a Nightmare.

Before Ulika could completely regain his lucidity, he instinctively rushed to the staircase. Extending his palms, he exerted strength towards the front as though he was pushing a door that didn't exist.

In a blink of an eye, a difficult-to-describe bronze door covered in mysterious patterns appeared in front of Ulika. It wobbled and creaked before cracking open a gap.

The gap led to an endless darkness. In it were indescribable eyes that watched the outside world.

Meanwhile, large amounts of squirming and strange objects that were still unrecognizable surged wildly from the gap.

Ulika was about to continue exerting his strength to open the door and cause the terrifying world behind him to descend upon Canine Street when he suddenly saw a pair of pale, translucent palms appear out of thin air. They passed through the deep darkness and pressed down on the interior of the door's gap.

The palms emerged from nothing. They weren't connected to a body, and their wrists were bloody. No one knew who had severed them!

Both sides exerted their strength, and the mysterious bronze door stopped moving. It neither closed nor opened any farther.

High above Unit 13, Soest, who was already a Spirit Warlock, was floating in midair thanks to an invisible force. His hands carried a sundial made of gold as he slowly raised it high.

When the golden sundial was finally raised above Soest's head, its resplendent glow poured out, quickly converging into a single form.

Suddenly, another sun seemed to appear in midair, directing all the light and heat at 13 Canine Street.

None of that caused any damage as they penetrated through the building and landed above the bronze door, enveloping Ulika who was standing in front of it.

Ulika instantly grimaced in extreme pain as the pale and nearly translucent girl let out a shrill scream, but it was stopped by the "sunlight" and drowned by the onslaught.

She warped and quickly evaporated, producing wisps of black gases that dissipated into the sea of light.

There wasn't a single spot inside the building that remained dark!

After the "sunlight" faded, the indescribable bronze door had vanished. A black, swollen corpse lay on the ground, oozing pale yellow oil.

With a boom, the corpse tore apart as a thin, tiny figure leaped out from inside.

This figure had identical looks to Ulika, but its skin was raven-black as though it was stained in ink. The surface of its body that stood at a height of around 1.2 to 1.3 meters had sticky pus flowing across it.

The moment he appeared, he dashed toward the staircase at a ludicrous speed. Burrowing into the cellar, he opened a secret trapdoor prepared in advance and fled as fast as he could.

In just ten seconds, the miniaturized black version of Ulika saw the entrance--hope.

He didn't lower his guard as he gently clenched his right fist, producing about eight transparent illusory figures from his body.

They were of all kinds of shapes and sizes, as though they were an abomination that fused the characteristics of humans, plants, and certain animals. Some held Ulika's arm, others lifted his feet as they took off in flight.

Right on the heels of that, a mechanical switch was shifted. Gears started rotating as the exit door flung open, leading to a silent and dark street corner.

Further ahead were streets that stood on lower ground, and on the two sides of the streets were rows of houses. They appeared like the sea that churned with the light of the crimson moon.

Ulika was just about to use the help of spirits to fly out of the secret passage and disappear into the other districts of Kolain City when his eyes reflected a foggy lake.

The lake shimmered with light, producing a tranquil beauty. In the middle, concentric circles rippled out as beautiful and illusory figures floated up.

This was a powerful type of spirit. Human legends often deemed it "the Goddess of the Lake"!

The strength of a Spirit Guide often depended on the deceased spirits they found and controlled, and the same was true of Spirit Warlocks and natural spirits. Spirit Guides favored the deceased, while Spirit Warlocks were more adept at controlling natural spirits.

At this moment, the strange transparent figures around Ulika uttered a monotonous sound of horror. Throwing away the arms and legs they were carrying, they drilled into the thin pitch-black body like the wind.

With a crash, Ulika fell to the ground, but he didn't feel any pain, which was a result of intense sleepiness assaulting him. It made him fall asleep without realizing it.

At the exit, Daly Simone, who was wearing a Spirit Medium robe, with her face made up with blue eyeshadow and blush, walked out of some unknown location. Looking at the 1.2-meter-tall Ulika, she said, "The deceased spirit he fused with is very strange. If it doesn't use a living human's body as a 'house,' it will quickly dissipate.

"We need to make every second count in order to obtain information."

In the shadows beside her, Leonard Mitchell walked out. He looked at Daly Simone in surprise and said, "Aren't you a Spirit Guide? How do you control a Goddess of the Lake?"

"Aren't you a poet? Why don't you write poems?" Daly snapped back.

On the other end of the street, on a gentle cliff, a figure quickly moved downwards with the protruded pieces of rock, quickly landing in the shadowy corners of Jaw Street below him.

His skin was light-colored and his eyes were blue. He had thick raven-black hair that curled slightly. He was none other than Enzo who had been a guest at Ulika's place at Lower Lip District's 13 Canine Street.

Enzo wasn't a member of the Numinous Episcopate. He was one of the traitors of the Life School of Thought that had escaped under the enticement of the Rose School of Thought.

Furthermore, he was neither a Beyonder from the Apothecary pathway that led to the Vampire Sequence, nor did he worship the Primordial Moon. He was only a person who didn't wish to accept the various rules set by his teacher and his teacher's teacher. He wished to lead a carefree life and take advantage of being a Winner.

Such a state of mind was strongly advocated by the Rose School of Thought's indulgence faction, so it didn't take long for him to formally join them, allowing him to freely satisfy all his various desires.

This time, he was representing the Rose School of Thought to make contact with the Numinous Episcopate in Kolain and discuss the possibility of cooperating on certain matters. To his surprise, Tenebrous Deceased Ulika had suffered a sudden raid by the Church of Evernight. It was a high-level raid!

Thankfully, I'm good at anti-divination. The Church of Evernight's members didn't know in advance that I was at Ulika's place, and they didn't pay much attention to me. They merely took me for one of Ulika's subordinates, giving me a chance to escape the core area. Besides, that "sunlight" mainly purifies things imbued with the powers of death, evil, and corruption. It didn't do much damage to me... That was probably a demigod-level attack... As Enzo walked through the shadows of the street, he couldn't help recalling what had just happened.

After fleeing quite a distance, he turned to look behind him and discovered no one was chasing him. He immediately heaved a sigh of relief and chuckled.

A Winner is a Winner, the eternal Winner!

Enzo recovered his usual confidence as he proceeded down the street with a smile. Then, he turned to his left and quickly moved down the stairs.

It was a steep and long staircase that reached many lower-level streets.

In the vicinity of Canine Street, Soest suddenly opened his eyes and said to Leonard and Daly Simone, "There was a man named Enzo at Ulika's place. He's a member of the Rose School of Thought and doesn't have a low Sequence. He probably enjoys quite an important position.

"Search the surrounding area immediately. See if you can find any trace of him, and try to capture him. Don't leave any loose ends."

As for the other Red Gloves and the local Nighthawks, they either had to capture the remaining Numinous Episcopate members or were already capturing them in dreams. They hoped to obtain firsthand news as quickly as possible. Only a few were left behind to watch for any accidents and protect their companions.

"Yes, Captain Soest." Leonard didn't hesitate to agree.

Daly grabbed at the wind and cupped her hand to her ear. After listening for two to three seconds, she said, "The little guys around here tell me that someone did escape via the cliff."

Chapter 909: Serving Good Luck

On the steep and long rocky staircase, the crimson moonlight illuminated its midsection, leaving rather thick shadows along its sides.

Enzo resembled an ordinary pedestrian at night, walking with a hint of anxiety but no sign of panic. He had absolute faith in his extraordinary luck. He was a Winner in life, not someone who would be caught by the Nighthawks.

Seeing that he would be done after a few more flights of steps, Enzo, who was once a Monster, suddenly sensed something as he turned his head to look at the shadows in the lowest point of the staircase.

He then saw a figure sitting there in a daze. His looks and figure appeared rather indistinct due to the lighting, and he was dressed in the standard outfit of someone from East Balam.

The figure took out a box of matchsticks and struck a match to light up the surroundings.

Before Enzo could size the person up, a scene suddenly appeared before his eyes.

The figure threw a matchstick over as though he was gifting him something. And when the matchstick approached, it suddenly burst into a ridiculous inferno as a man wearing a formal suit and top hat walked out!

Seeing scenes he shouldn't see, and hearing sounds he shouldn't hear, were a daily occurrence for a Monster. Having become a Winner, Enzo was already used to all of this. Without any thought, he fully believed in his intuition and lunged forward, jumping off the staircase and making two rolls onto the lower street.

At the same time, the brown-skinned marionette, Oaf, suddenly stood up. After bending his back, he hurled the matchstick in his hand at the location where Enzo was previously standing.

Before the matchstick hit the ground, scarlet flames extended out into midair in a resplendent and brilliant manner.

Amidst the flames, Klein's black-suited figure with a half top hat leaped out. However, he had lost sight of his target.

Klein had discovered someone rapidly coming down the staircase about ten seconds ago as though he was hiding from something. Suspecting that this was his new marionette, he immediately did a dream divination and obtained the revelation that the man was related to the Rose School of Thought and wasn't anyone good.

With that result, Klein hadn't hesitated to act. Unfortunately, he had lacked the time to use the Paper Angel recorded in Creeping Hunger to interfere with his target's spiritual intuition, causing his ambush to fail.

At this moment, Oaf had already left the final flight of steps on the staircase. He was running with large strides towards Enzo, who had just stood up.

Enzo's mind stirred. Without dodging, he nimbly turned his body to the side, avoiding the ordinary attack.

Then, he drew his gun and quickly aimed. With a bang, he shot Oaf's chest.

As blood gushed out, Oaf staggered for a moment before collapsing. His breathing rapidly weakened.

Klein seized the brief opportunity. His body vanished and phased into view directly before the target, blocking his escape route.

Enzo seemed to have an inexplicable premonition and immediately squeezed his eyes shut. He didn't know why he did so, but as a Mid-Sequence Beyonder of the Fate pathway, trusting his intuition was instinctive!

Immediately after that, Enzo frantically switched directions. Attempting to rely on his spiritual intuition, he rushed into another street, but at this moment, the man in the suit who didn't have any outstanding features appeared in front of him again.

Klein's figure kept disappearing and appearing in every direction, as though he was running around Enzo at high speeds, often blocking his path but not dealing any direct attacks. Whether he used Beyonder powers or not, it made Enzo face a figure wearing a black suit and half top hat no matter where he turned to.

For an instant, Enzo, his eyes closed, even imagined that he was facing a group of enemies rather than a single foe.

A Traveler was often able to create the effect of being besieged!

In just ten seconds, Enzo, who had failed to find a path to escape, suddenly jolted. His actions instantly slowed down as his mind and joints seemed to be injected with glue.

Traveling works well with a Marionettist as well. While Klein was phasing around, he kept maintaining a distance of ten meters from Enzo! He had been secretly controlling his Spirit Body Threads all this time!

No good... He doesn't attack... and is only blocking me... not because... he is waiting... for the Nighthawks... but for... another reason... Enzo, who still had his eyes shut, felt his heart tighten. Suddenly, he stepped onto a rock, causing his body to lose balance. He slammed heavily to the ground, causing his revolver to fly several meters away.

Plop!

The pain and shock had snapped Enzo out of his suppressed state. He found his fluidity again.

Enzo was no stranger to such accidents. As a Winner, he often gained an advantage from all manner of low-probability events and thereby clinched victory.

Without hesitation, he was just about to dash towards the end of the street to his side and flip over the fence to jump into the sea, allowing what fate had arranged for him to escape his predicament when another scene flashed in his mind:

In it, he was breaking out into a coughing fit, to the point of not being able to stand up or open up his stride!

Ailments! The enemy can infect me with ailments! He isn't attacking me and is simply blocking my escape route in order to keep me in this area; thus, infecting me with ailments in an unnoticeable manner! Enzo's heart skipped a beat as he suddenly felt a strong sense of delight.

The Green Essence ring he wore came from a believer of the Primordial Moon. Upon activation, it could easily treat any ailments or injuries that weren't too serious!

This is luck! Enzo pretended to not discover the infectious ailment in the air. Exerting strength in his palms, he lunged forward and followed his predetermined route towards the fence at the end of the street.

Moments after he took two steps, he suddenly coughed and involuntarily slowed down.

His coughing didn't quell like usual. Instead, it was worsening as though he was about to cough out his lungs.

Klein's figure flashed and appeared behind the target while he maintained ten meters from him.

At this moment, Enzo spread his arms and allowed invisible waves to ripple out of his body.

It was like a pure psyche storm that swept all Spirit Bodies in the vicinity, bringing with it an intense sense of drowsiness and calamity.

Klein similarly had a premonition for danger. The moment Enzo spread his arms, his body had already vanished from his spot and had appeared in the midsection of the steep staircase.

Still having his eyes closed, Enzo realized that he didn't receive his desired effect. He immediately abandoned the idea of escaping after finishing his target. He continued running towards the fence at the end of the street.

He had a hunch that if he stalled a little longer, a number of Nighthawks would catch up to him, making the situation more chaotic.

And as a former Lucky One and a Winner, the more chaotic a situation, the higher the chances of him escaping!

At this moment, as he had repeatedly changed directions while running blindly, he once again passed by Oaf, who had been shot in the chest.

On Oaf's left finger was a golden ring with an inlaid ruby.

A sanguine beam flashed from the ring as Oaf's injuries began to heal. He sprang up, opened his mouth wide, and bit at Enzo as he ran past.

His tongue seemed to lose substance as it transformed into a blob of flesh and blood.

Flower of Blood!

Oaf wore the Flower of Blood ring which Klein had obtained from Mr. X. It could randomly allow the wearer to abandon any rationality in order to become a beast. On the other hand, it could allow the wearer to control their body at a deeper level. As long as they didn't suffer from instant death or become completely purified, they could heal from any kind of injury!

At the same time, it also came with flesh and blood magic. It was a mystical item that was very suited for marionettes!

Before Klein came out to seek a new marionette, he didn't know which pathway or Sequence his target would be. Therefore, to make well-rounded preparations, he made Oaf wear the Flower of Blood ring. This way, he could direct a play of him being the main assailant with the marionette as the secondary assailant, but in fact, it was the exact opposite.

Just as Enzo ran past Oaf, he felt a stabbing pain in his knee as though his previous fall had given him some light injuries.

The moment this thought flashed across his mind, he hurriedly crouched down and felt a figure fly past his head. It missed!

Oaf's sudden attack still failed to be effective against a Winner!

Enzo was just about to smile and run again when he suddenly had a premonition. He subconsciously curled up and protected his vital spots.

At the same time, Oaf suddenly swelled up and silently exploded.

Flesh and blood formed a storm, sweeping through a rather large area in the vicinity, hitting Enzo again and again.

One of the preparations Klein had done was to use a power of Creeping Hunger after its mutation. He had planted a Flesh Bomb in his marionette's body!

With a clank, the golden ring inlaid with a ruby landed on the stone slabs of the street. Klein's figure flashed to Enzo's side.

He raised his left hand, its palm turning pitch-black and seemingly composed of granules, and uttered a word steeped in evil and corruption: "Slow!"

Thanks to his luck, Enzo had avoided most of the damage. His lightly injured body suddenly turned still as his struggling actions slowed down. His curled pose changed bit by bit.

Right on the heels of that, he opened his eyes due to the pain, and a figure wearing a black suit and half top hat was reflected in his eyes.

"Ah!"

Enzo let out a tragic cry as he raised his hands to cover his eyes.

Streams of blood seeped out from the gaps in his fingers.

Monster? Looking at his writhing target, Klein pricked up his brows. He continued controlling the Spirit Body Threads and quickly achieved initial control.

This time, there weren't any accidents that broke the subsequent procedure. In a half-crazy state with scales growing from his body, Enzo was powerless to resist. Klein rather smoothly deepened his control.

Time ticked by when Enzo suddenly stood up and converged the protruded snake-like scales.

He pressed his hand to his chest and bowed at Klein. Then, he walked to the side and bent down to pick up the golden ring with the inlaid ruby. Wearing it on his left hand's index finger, it matched the emerald ring on his other hand.

Klein suppressed the urge to look at himself through his new marionette. He had Enzo clear away the remnants of flesh and every trace left at the scene.

After doing all of this, he walked into the shadows with his marionette and quickly vanished.

Chapter 910: Monster Pathway

A few minutes later, Daly Simone and Leonard Mitchell, who had repeatedly made errors in judgment, finally arrived at the top of the steep staircase.

They proceeded down the steps at a very slow speed, cautious of their surroundings, and they were ready to enter combat at any moment.

However, they failed to encounter any abnormalities even when they reached the bottom of the flight of stairs. They didn't even find any useful clues.

Daly grabbed onto the wind, cupped her hand to her ear, and listened carefully.

A few seconds later, she looked around her and said, "There was a gunshot. A weapon once dropped around the street bend. Th-that man named Enzo is d-dead..."

"Who did it?" Leonard asked in surprise.

From his point of view, due to the repeated failures they had encountered, Enzo had easily escaped their pursuit. The possibility of a Rose School of Thought monitor silencing him and wiping away any clues was zero.

If that were the case, who could've killed that Beyonder who was suspected to be a Sequence 5 or 6?

The Red Gloves had used a Sealed Artifact to prevent divination before carrying out that night's operation. It was unlikely that anyone could have predicted it in advance and waited there to hunt the fleeing Enzo.

Daly shook her head.

"Those little guys didn't see anything. It's likely a Beyonder who's good at anti-divination...

"Perhaps it's Enzo's enemy, and they had been planning to act tonight."

She simply offered a guess of hers, and the duo began independently searching the nearby streets to see if they could find any missed clues.

Taking this opportunity, Leonard circled to a fence in a particular street. Suppressing his tone, he asked, "Old Man, did you discover anything?"

Inside him, Pallez Zoroast replied after three seconds, "You should have heard a tragic scream and had used that to correct the direction of your pursuit effort.

"It was let out by Enzo. He had apparently seen something extremely terrifying and indescribable, something that could directly cause damage and corruption to his Soul Body."

Leonard was taken aback for a moment. He narrowed his eyes as he repeated softly, "Extremely terrifying and indescribable..."

Inside the inn, Klein Teleported back with his new marionette.

He then made his marionette stand to his side as he sat down. As he sized up his marionette, he sighed.

A Beyonder of the Monster pathway. But he's still inferior to Senor. There's no way for him to hide in a gold coin for ease of transport. I can only let him follow beside me...

From his Beyonder Sequence, he isn't a core member of the Rose School of Thought, but his Sequence isn't too low. Some importance must've been placed on him. That also means that if I don't disguise him, it's very easy for me to be targeted by the Rose School of Thought...

On the contrary, I can probably use him as bait to fish for another Wraith. When the time comes, he can walk alone while I hide 200 meters away to wait for the bait to be hooked.

No, I can't. I mustn't let greed get to my head. The Southern Continent is where the Rose School of Thought is active. Once I expose my location, with how much importance the Mother Tree of Desire places on me, not only will a saint come, even an angel might appear!

Yes, it's better if I disguise this marionette. As a Faceless, I'm quite skilled at disguises...

Then, I'll continue using mystical methods to find my next marionette. I'll wait for Danitz to finish his investigation and for Mr. Azik to come find me.

Klein quickly made up his mind. Using a myriad of means, he gained an understanding of his new marionette's level and Beyonder powers.

He was a Sequence 5 Winner of the Fate pathway!

In this pathway, a Sequence 9 Monster was one who had super high spiritual perception. They often heard sounds others couldn't hear, and also see things others couldn't see. This allowed them to occasionally see the future and have an acute intuition for danger.

Beyonders of this Sequence often entered a state of enlightenment while muttering indecipherable words. This was why they were treated as actual monsters.

At the corresponding Sequence 8, Robot, Beyonders gained terrifying powers of calculation and precise control. Their physical faculties in these respects were markedly enhanced, making them talented at close combat and shooting.

At the same time, they also had the powers of divination and anti-divination.

Sequence 7 was named Lucky One, or Lucky. Beyonders at this level frequently encountered fortunate events in daily life, such as finding money on the street, having enemies miss shots aimed at them, rolling the numbers they wanted on dice, and having women they liked return their affection. However, their luck wasn't constant and would fluctuate. At times, they were exceptionally lucky; at others, they were no different from an ordinary person. Therefore, they couldn't rely on it and had to temper their expectations.

Sequence 6 was Calamity Priest. On the one hand, Beyonders could passively suffer all kinds of calamities, but they could foresee it and make preparations to eliminate or mitigate the effects. On the other hand, they would actively attract different kinds of calamities, affecting a target and enemy as a result. Then, using one's advantage of being lucky, avoid most of the danger and attack during the chaos. To put it simply, they could pull their opponents into a situation where they could take advantage of their strengths the best.

Of course, many Calamity Priests could use the dangers of their own passive encounters to attack their enemies.

Meanwhile, Calamity Priests could create psyche storms. Using their spirituality that surpassed that of other pathways, they could directly affect their opponent's Soul Bodies, causing them to feel dizzy and lost. If a Calamity Priest's enemy entered such a state, they were extremely prone to making errors. It caused the calamity to snowball and eventually devour them.

And at Sequence 5 Winner, Beyonders could control their luck to a certain extent. They could use their own temperance to accumulate large amounts of luck. At critical moments, they could dramatically reduce any dangers to their life multiple times. From time to time, they could also encounter beneficial situations that have extremely low probabilities in their daily lives. For example, due to someone's mistakes, they might receive an inheritance; the strange, comedic way they walked caused them to catch the fancy of a member of the opposite sex; or their enemies who were pursuing them would foolishly get lost or make errors in judgment.

At this level, Beyonders of the Fate pathway had a very keen sense of foresight. Be it divination or anti-divination, they were mysticism experts.

In addition, they could also give their enemies bad luck to a certain extent, making their targets become unlucky.

Beyonders of the Monster pathway are really extreme. Apart from the spirituality and fate domain, they almost have zero Beyonder powers. Even their constitution and calculation skills are provided at Robot. The subsequent advancements give rather limited improvements... This is my ideal model for a charlatan. They do not have any offensive or defensive abilities, simply relying on their premonition and how fate blesses them...

I have to say that this is the most special path out of the 22 Beyonder pathways. I can find or guess their neighboring pathways. Only Monster seems rather asocial. It seems to be a lonely one... Perhaps, the Beyonder pathway that focuses on fate is destined to be lonely? Klein silently reflected on the matter and had some ideas regarding the usage of his marionette.

Of course, he still needed to carry out divinations above the gray fog. He needed to see if the passive good luck and calamities still existed after the Beyonder's actual death.

If it really was present, Klein had to constantly face the trials of calamities.

In comparison, Admiral of Blood Senor is still the better marionette. Sigh, people only learn to cherish things and feel regret after they're gone. Klein shook his head with a self-deprecating chuckle. From the traits of the Monster pathway, he devised several effective ways to deal with its Mid- and Low-Sequence Beyonders.

First, it was to catch them by surprise to let them see him directly. They would directly see the gray fog or other images, causing them to suffer a catharsis of the mind and receive damage to their bodies, pushing them to the brink of losing control.

Second, he could throw out a special item, forcing them to endure the trial of seeing what shouldn't be seen and hearing what shouldn't be heard. Klein possessed a blood crystal from a high-level Devil that could produce such an effect--the Blatherer's aura.

Third, it was to entice them to give him bad luck and pretend to act unlucky so as to have an opportunity to strike back.

Amidst his thoughts, Klein made the marionette empty his pockets, producing 35 pounds 10 soli 7 pence and a leather wallet.

The wallet's surface and interior had a flower and name embroidered on it. It appeared to be completely handcrafted.

Enzo... Whether that's your name or not, your name is Enzo. Klein shot a glance at his marionette as he moved his gaze down to the golden ring with the inlaid emerald on his right hand.

Via divination, he learned that the ring was named Green Essence. It had one effect--treat any ailments or injuries that weren't too serious.

And it was precisely because of this that its negative effects were trivial; it only attracted mosquitoes.

Thankfully, I'm not the one wearing it... Hmm, Monster pathway Beyonders don't seem to carry many mystical items. Even when they do, they carry only one or two of a rather low level. Is that a requirement of fate? Klein withdrew his gaze thoughtfully and looked at Enzo, who was staring at the wall. An impulse rose within him.

He wished to use his Monster pathway marionette to look at himself. He wanted to know what was so special about him!

Will this be very dangerous? Could I lose control just from seeing myself? No, back in Tingen City, Ademisaul looked directly at me before he was even a Sequence 9. All that happened was that his eyes bled and he suffered for a while...

Although I have improved drastically from then, Winner Enzo didn't directly break down when he saw me just now. The reaction resembled my reaction when seeing Demoness of Despair Panatiya's partial Mythical Creature form.

Do a divination above the gray fog? No, that involves the gray fog itself. The outcome will definitely be interfered with... Rely on my own divination powers in the real world? Klein took out a gold coin and let it run through his fingers.

After a while, the gold coin bounced up and fell down into Klein's palm.

Chapter 911: Strange Scene

Klein looked down at his palm as his eyes reflected the gold coin. It was heads.

This meant that Klein should use the marionette's eyes to look at himself!

After receiving this revelation, Klein remained hesitant. He considered holding a ritual to send Enzo above the gray fog. Doing so was relatively safer, allowing the damage and corruption his Spirit Body suffered to be completely screened by the environment before he made the attempt.

However, he suspected that he wouldn't receive an outcome. This was because Beyonders of the Fate pathway were noticing the projection of the mysterious space on his body. Above the gray fog, that uniqueness might no longer exist. It was like an attempt to observe an elephant's body; instead of doing it outside, he was doing it internally.

Pressing his fingers together, he clenched the gold coin in silence for a long while before making up his mind.

He suddenly stood up, took out a ritual dagger, and created a wall of spirituality to isolate the room.

This was to prevent anyone from hearing the possible screams or strange commotion!

Immediately after that, Klein set up a ritual and sacrificed Creeping Hunger above the gray fog.

He was afraid that the glove would turn on him when something happened to him!

This was a fixed trait of Creeping Hunger itself. Once it didn't have its fill and couldn't secure a schedule of eating one person every day, it would view its wearer as food. And Klein starved it more often than he fed it.

After doing all the preparations in a meticulous and orderly manner, Klein reached out to take the Flower of Blood from Enzo and wore it on his left palm.

This ensured that he could recover even if he suffered any serious physical damage.

At the moment he was about to wear it, Klein thought for a moment and paused. Taking a piece of paper, he wrote: "Remember to take off the ring."

He was worried that he would not take Flower of Blood off after his experiment due to his lowered intelligence.

When that happens, perhaps I need a beautiful princess to wake me up with a kiss, no--take off my ring... Klein gave a self-deprecating laugh and exhaled. Removing his outerwear, he wore the ring.

Then, he cast his gaze at his new marionette, Winner Enzo.

The sense of crisis and nervousness was inevitable, but as long as he made up his mind, his wealth of experience allowed him only to forge ahead without flinching.

After doing some adjustments and entering a state of Cogitation, Klein made the marionette slowly turn around to look at him.

Through the Winner's eyes, he first saw a layer of thin, emanating grayish-white fog.

Amidst the fog, there was a resplendent door of light that was tainted with bluish-blackness.

The door of light was formed from countless layers of spherical light. Each spherical light enveloped squirming maggots. Some of them were transparent, others translucent. They had complicated and indescribable symbols and patterns that had profound meanings.

Before Klein could discern the actual details, he felt his mind buzz as he lost consciousness.

After an unknown period of time, he slowly woke up. He had momentarily lost his memory, almost imagining that he had slept until daybreak.

What happened? It's still dark outside... Klein sat up with a push of his hands, only to realize that he was on the ground.

At this moment, he caught sight of Enzo out of the corner of his eye. Plenty of scenes and voices suddenly surged through his mind.

That's right. I was trying to figure out what Beyonders of the Monster pathway can see from my body... I suffered too much stimulation and fainted immediately? I still vaguely remember painful screaming. Was that me? Klein, who had recovered his memories, hurriedly inspected his condition. He was surprised to see a bloody, gruesome wound on his body, as though something was about to tear out of it.

At this moment, flesh was squirming in the wound, reforming at an abnormally fast speed.

Klein then looked to the ground and saw that there was blood that had outlined a silhouette of where he was lying down.

Thankfully, I wore Flower of Blood; otherwise, I might have slowly died due to the heavy injuries brought about by the breakdown of my body. After I resurrect, I wonder if I'll be in a human form or a monster form... Klein raised his hand and rubbed his temples as he scanned his surroundings. He found that the furniture had toppled, but the wall of spirituality remained intact.

He heaved a sigh of relief, confirming that the abnormality was limited to himself and a small area around him. Nothing had spread.

And from the speed at which his wound was recovering, Klein determined that he hadn't been unconscious for more than a minute.

He picked up the chair and sat down, feeling as though he had forgotten something, but he just couldn't recall what.

Only when he instinctively cleared the area did he see a note with the words: "Remember to take off the ring." Only then did realization dawn, and he removed the golden ruby ring on his left hand.

More memories surfaced as Klein shook his head and muttered with a lingering sense of fear and amusement, "Luck is really important at times. If the negative effects of the Flower of Blood's negative effect had randomly reached its full potency, I might not be able to recognize those words and miss the reminder..."

Seeing that he had mostly recovered from his wound, he made Enzo wear Flower of Blood and take off Green Essence.

Using the latter's treatment, Klein no longer felt any discomfort. He focused his attention back on the scene he saw. It was a scene Beyonders of the Fate pathway saw when looking at him.

A door of light tainted with bluish-black. Countless spherical lights. Transparent and translucent maggots clumped together. Mystically complex symbols and patterns, hiding plenty of knowledge but giving zero feedback to others... What do these represent?

This is a particular Mythical Creature form that corresponds to the mysterious space above the gray fog? It's one that belongs to a Sequence 0 true god?

Due to the gray fog's screening, only Beyonders of the Fate pathway can see it directly, suffering the visual impact and corruption? Likewise, it's also because of the gray fog's screening that those Beyonders don't directly break down as though they are seeing a deity with their own eyes while also not receiving any knowledge?

Klein thought for a moment and began to use divination to decipher the hidden meaning.

The door of light seems to resemble the symbol behind the Apprentice's chair. It might also point to Mr. Door...

The countless stacked spheres of light are identical to my Cogitation. And the latter stems from the mythical systems as described by some novels from Earth... Influenced, my subconscious chose the most relevant and closely matching memory? Or could it be that my choice influences the expression of the scene from the gray fog?

The distorted and transparent maggots are similar to the clump of maggots on the gigantic throne on the main peak of the Hornacis mountain range, but there are some tiny differences. That's Sequence 0 The Fool of the Seer pathway? I did not manage to see the translucent ones clearly. It's hard to tell...

Also, the bluish-black color keeps making me connect it to the depths of the mysterious space that I can't reach... Back when I stood on the highest step of the staircase of light, I could see some hints of bluish-black on the cloud-like mass that condensed in midair...

Klein thought about it for quite some time but failed to find an answer. All he could do was keep it at the back of his mind and analyze it when he had more information and clues.

After clearing the scene, he took four steps counterclockwise and went above the gray fog. He planned on doing a thorough inspection of his physical condition and to confirm whether Enzo still had any passive luck or bad luck.

Bayam. In the poverty district, in a dilapidated house that wasn't too big.

Admiral of Stars Cattleya was sitting behind a table looking at the door when she heard a unique knocking pattern on the door.

"Come on in." She didn't deliberately disguise her voice.

The wooden door creaked open as The Hanged Man walked in, wearing a hooded black robe.

Seeing his suspicious disguise, Cattleya nudged her heavy glasses and said with a smile, "If you were to walk out like this, you would be surrounded by the members of the Church of Storms within five minutes."

She didn't wear any disguise because she knew that the matter of her permitting Gehrman Sparrow to board the Future had long spread across the seas. It wasn't difficult for The Hanged Man to guess that Admiral of Stars was Ma'am Hermit.

Alger did not directly reply to her. As he closed the door, he pulled out a chair and snapped back, "It's the same for you."

He meant that Admiral of Stars was second only to Admiral Hell among the seven pirate admirals. Furthermore, she was suspected to have deep connections to Gehrman Sparrow. She was a target of pursuit by the Church of Storms and Church of Evernight. Her bounty had risen to 45,000 pounds, and no matter which city she entered, it only spelled trouble once she was recognized due to not being disguised.

Cattleya nodded slightly and turned to look at The Hanged Man's hooded face.

"In front of me, such a disguise is meaningless.

"However, I respect your choice."

She continued wearing her glasses.

She has a domineering stance and great confidence. As expected of the Admiral of Stars... Alger, who was wearing a mask under the hood, didn't harp on the disguise as he went straight to the point.

"Thank you for providing me with assistance."

Cattleya placed her right hand on her left elbow.

"I'm curious. With your present strength and the resources you have, you should be able to resolve the Artisan's problem even without my help. Why go to such lengths?"

Alger was already prepared as he succinctly replied, "I do not wish to become a topic of discussion for others."

Cattleya seemed to grasp the meaning between the lines. Pondering for a few seconds, she said, "I need more information."

Alger nodded lightly and said, "According to my observations and guesses, the Artisan is likely controlled by those who worship the Primordial Moon. The latter belong to the original faction of the Southern Continent, not the traitors of the Life School of Thought."

Cattleya's expression remained unperturbed as she thought for a moment.

"Why don't you find Mr. Moon? He should be very interested in such matters."

Alger curled his lips and replied in a normal tone, "If we aren't able to resolve it, I might do so."

Chapter 912: Origins of the Artisan

Cattleya understood The Hanged Man. If the problem was too serious, they could use The Moon to involve the entire Sanguine race. They could then minimize their losses in the chaos and obtain some benefits.

She then smiled and said, "If the situation is that serious, why not directly find The World? That seems to make things simple."

Alger remained silent for a few seconds before saying, "I have to prove my ability at handling problems; therefore, that's the final resort."

After hearing his reply, Cattleya immediately made some connections.

The Hanged Man places great importance on the way Gehrman Sparrow views him. It's because he's a Blessed of Mr. Fool? Also, his attitude is rather identical to the political jokes of Backlund and Trier. When facing a problem or having committed a mistake, the first reaction is to suppress the matter and find other methods to resolve it. They cannot let their superior or commissioner know about it...

This means that The Hanged Man was once or is currently a member of a powerful faction with a strict hierarchy. It influenced him and made him grasp similar traits... The Church of Storms? No, such a person would be an oddity... The fleet of the King of the Five Seas?

Amidst her thoughts, the pirate admiral nudged her heavy glasses and steered the topic back.

"Continue describing the Artisan."

Alger appeared to have prepared a script. Without any thought or pause, he said in an unhurried manner, "To hide this Artisan's identity, to prevent this resource from being wielded by others, I deliberately fabricated the claim that he belonged to the Church of Steam. But in fact, he had no choice but to create items for unaffiliated Beyonders to earn money to maintain his lifestyle of enjoying fine wine and beautiful women. He betrayed the Church of Steam and hid in Bayam.

"This time, he first contracted a strange disease and was monitored by an unknown person. Later, he seemed to be under the control of people who worship the Primordial Moon, claiming that he could gain a new life..."

Cattleya finished listening attentively as her eyes with a purple tint appeared extremely focused.

After The Hanged Man finished his recount, she pondered and asked, "An Artisan certainly has no shortage of mystical items. Furthermore, they know all the combinations of different Beyonder effects and negative effects. Their strength is definitely at Sequence 5.

"What methods did those Primordial Moon believers use to control this Artisan without harming him?

"A demigod was involved?"

Alger slowly shook his head.

"There are no clues regarding that, but based on my observation, the Artisan has expressed some willingness. I suspect that, while being threatened and coerced, there is also an element of exploiting his weaknesses to entice him."

He had indirectly denied the theory that a demigod was involved.

Cattleya nodded.

"How did those Primordial Moon believers find this Artisan?

"Based on your description, this Artisan only trades with trustworthy friends he's familiar with. He doesn't enjoy expanding his network, and he can be said to be extremely cautious."

Alger hesitated for a moment and said, "I'm not too sure, but I have a theory.

"I once helped The World sell a Werewolf Beyonder characteristic to that Artisan, and the Werewolf pathway belongs to the Mutant pathway. Be it the formulas or characteristics, they are firmly in the control of the Rose School of Thought. There are seldom any leaks."

Likewise, those people who worship the Primordial Moon in the Southern Continent basically belong to the Rose School of Thought... Cattleya added inwardly, having figured out The Hanged Man's theory.

He suspected that the Werewolf Beyonder characteristic had a latent problem that involved a secret existence. This resulted in the Artisan being targeted by the Rose School of Thought!

And this was also why the Rose School of Thought maintained firm control over the Mutant pathway's formula and characteristics.

Cattleya raised a few more questions and obtained satisfactory answers. Finally, she asked, "What's that Artisan's name? What country is he from?"

"He's from Intis. He calls himself Cielf," Alger replied straight away.

"Cielf..." Cattleya frowned slightly as she repeated the Artisan's name softly.

What's wrong with that? Upon seeing this, Alger directly asked, "You've heard of him?"

From Alger's point of view, Admiral of Stars was an experienced powerhouse with a powerful background and was good at controlling herself. If she had not wished to discuss Cielf, she would not have made it so clear even if she had her suspicions and questions. Due to this, he chose to ask without mincing his words.

After a moment of silence, Cattleya said, "Emperor Roselle's eldest son is Ciel. It's very similar to that name."

Without waiting for The Hanged Man to say a word, she continued, "This prince died of fright and anxiety shortly after the emperor's assassination. Back then, the Sauron family wished to hang or exile his descendants, but the Church of Steam chose to take them in as clergymen."

Alger nodded slightly in understanding.

"You suspect that he's a descendant of that prince?"

In most countries in the Northern Continent like Intis and Feysac, it was common for people to use their ancestor's name or something similar as their names. It represented the legacy of honor; therefore, the more illustrious a family was, the more common it was to have "the second" or "the third."

Of course, it was also very common for two people to have similar names, but Artisan Cielf wasn't merely a name. He was from the Church of Steam, a person from Intis, and had reached the level of Artisan.

Faced with The Hanged Man's question, Cattleya nodded gently.

"I can quickly confirm it if you can obtain his blood."

Understanding the reason, Alger didn't ask further. Instead, he asked, "Are you going to take action now? I can provide support."

Cattleya's glasses reflected the crimson moonlight that shone inside.

"No, I plan on observing for some time.

"At the very least, we need to understand why the people who worship the Primordial Moon are trying to control Artisan Cielf.

"If they only wish to get the Artisan to work for them and create mystical items, the situation becomes much simpler. And if they have other goals, the problem might be more complicated than we imagined. We will need to make more preparations."

As expected of the Admiral of Stars... Alger nodded and said, "I can't stay in Bayam for too long, or else I will incur suspicion. If you need my assistance, it must be soon."

After receiving confirmation from her, The Hanged Man slowly got up and pulled up his hood before leaving the room.

Having learned where Artisan Cielf was presently living, Cattleya removed her heavy glasses and pinched her glabella. Clapping, she said, "Heath, come in."

In the shadows in the gap beneath the door, the darkness suddenly stirred as a tall, thin, pale figure appeared.

His nose bridge was ridiculously high, and his facial skin was nearly transparent. Looking ill, he was none other than the second mate of the Future, Rose Bishop Heath Doyle.

Cattleya looked at him and said, "The actual situation is... I'll leave the rest to you."

"Yes, Captain." Heath Doyle simply replied before shrinking back into the shadows.

Cattleya raised her right hand and paused for a few seconds.

"Stay--Stay away from Frank for the time being. He has reached a standstill in his mushroom experiments. I'm afraid that he will come up with new ideas."

"The location of my second marionette..."

Klein held two branches as he repeatedly chanted without seeing them move.

This meant a divination failure or that Kolain City had no a suitable second marionette.

Judging by this, mystical methods are temporarily useless. I'll pack up tomorrow and leave... Klein mumbled and threw the branches into the trash can.

Standing beside him was Enzo. Although he did not dare to directly look at his master and was only looking at the ground, he skillfully made a cup of black tea and offered it to Klein.

Compared to before, this Winner now had red skin that was nearly peeling due to sunburn. Once the sunburn healed, he would have a swarthy tan.

To disguise his new marionette and prevent the Rose School of Thought from recognizing him, Klein had brought this gentleman on a trip to the beach where the sunlight was intense. He was then left exposed to the sun for prolonged periods of time.

Meanwhile, he controlled the marionette to shave off most of his hair, leaving a thin layer. With the trimming of his brows, contouring his face with powder, and wearing shades, Enzo seemed to transform into another person. Even the closest of his friends might find it difficult to recognize him unless the person was a Faceless.

Apart from a disguise in the real world, Klein also did some mystical concealment. Firstly, he used the Paper Angel's embrace, and second, he carried Azik's copper whistle along with it.

In addition, he also determined that a Winner's passive luck and calamity trait was ineffective. However, he had no idea if it was because of its status as a marionette, or if it was due to the gray fog.

Receiving the tea and taking a sip, Klein cast his gaze at the map of East and West Balam on the coffee table. He considered where he could find his second marionette.

At this moment, the colors around him suddenly deepened as though an artist had contoured the area with paint.

Right on the heels of that, a figure appeared beside Enzo. He was wearing a silk top hat and a black suit. With a medium build, he had bronze skin and eyes that seemed to see the vicissitudes of life. He had soft facial features, and beneath his right ear was a tiny black mole. He was none other than Azik Eggers.

Mr. Azik is finally here... Klein was first delighted before he noticed that he had appeared beside his marionette.

This made an amusing scene surface in his mind.

Mr. Azik, who had relied on the copper whistle to locate him, might do what he usually did: grab the copper whistle's wielder by the shoulder and leave through the spirit world the moment he appeared. And all Klein could do was watch helplessly, trying to stop him with outstretched arms. But being a fraction too slow, he could not help but fall silent.

Azik appeared more reticent than before. Looking at Klein who had a new face, he asked, "Are you ready?"

Chapter 913: Klein's Preparatory Work

Ready... Of course not... Klein smiled as he pointed at Enzo. "That glove still needs sealing."

As he spoke, the badly sunburned Enzo removed the human-skinned glove from his right hand with his left hand which wore the Flower of Blood and Green Essence rings.

It was Creeping Hunger.

Normally, Klein tended to throw Creeping Hunger above the gray fog when it wasn't in use. After all, the glove's original seal had been disabled after its mutation. It needed to consume a living person on a daily basis; otherwise, it would feast on the wearer. However, considering how Mr. Azik had already replied, it was very likely that he would meet him soon. Finally, he decided to keep Creeping Hunger in the real world unless there were exceptional circumstances.

After all, he could already imagine the scene of Mr. Azik arriving. He did not wish for such a conversation to happen.

"Didn't you say that the glove needs sealing?" "Yes. Give me a second. I need to use the washroom."

Or:

"Are you ready?"

"...No. Give me a second. I need to use the washroom."

Just the thought of a similar scene and similar line embarrassed Klein, making him feel awkward. Even if he didn't consider the possibility of Mr. Azik realizing the secret of the gray fog, this would also affect his impression of him.

Therefore, after obtaining a new marionette and completing his attempt at looking at himself, Klein brought Creeping Hunger back to the real world, making up for the meal it had missed.

Unlike before, the wearer was now Enzo.

Aside from that, to restrain Creeping Hunger's urge to eat a person on a daily basis, Klein carried a few ordinary mushrooms with him. He also made the marionette maintain a distance of at least five meters from him.

Upon hearing his words and seeing the marionette's actions, Azik nodded and reached out to receive the human-skinned glove.

Taking this opportunity, Klein took out a few mushrooms from his pocket and threw them into the nearby trash can.

Pa!

He snapped his fingers, igniting the mushrooms within a scarlet flame. However, it didn't affect anything around it.

This was his Flame Controlling power from being a Magician.

After completing this action and seeing Mr. Azik inevitably glance over, Klein chuckled dryly.

"The unforeseen development back then has made Creeping Hunger a little afraid of mushrooms. I'm using its weakness to restrain its usual urges."

In fact, there wasn't much point in doing so because carrying the mushrooms restrained Creeping Hunger. It made the starving Sealed Artifact immediately lash out the moment the mushrooms disappeared. Unless there was any easily obtainable "food" in front of it, it would end up aiding the enemy.

"Mushroom..." Azik muttered as he held the glove which had blood stains on its surface. He made the surroundings suddenly turn dark as the sunlight outside was prohibited from entering.

Ghastly-white, dark-green complicated symbols, labels, and patterns appeared out of thin air. They appeared to be written by invisible wraiths, shadows, and spirit bodies.

They meshed together in midair, forming a mysterious, illusory pair of bronze doors that seemed to lead to another world. It was a deep, silent, and terrifying world.

The illusory door shrank and finally landed on Creeping Hunger, causing its blood stains to rapidly recede, making it mostly white.

A few seconds later, this human-skinned glove returned to normal. It was still a thin glove, and even without any suppressive effect from the mushrooms, it didn't show any signs of mania or urges.

"It's like how it was before." Azik handed Creeping Hunger to Klein.

Having a powerful backer sure feels good! Klein reflected inwardly and earnestly thanked him before wearing Creeping Hunger on his left hand.

He thought for a moment and broached a subject.

"Mr. Azik, while I was carrying your copper whistle while traveling through the Berserk Sea, I had the same dream repeatedly.

"The main theme of the dream is darkness and coldness. In an inverted underground mausoleum, there were countless coffins each containing a corpse. On their backs were dense white feathers.

"Those feathers were tainted with pale yellow oil, and deep inside the mausoleum was a blob of black fog that enveloped everything.

"In the dream, you and I were exploring the mausoleum. We triggered something, causing the black fog to produce panting sounds as thin, illusory black tubes extended from it.

"I would jolt myself awake whenever I reached this point in the dream. This seems to be similar to the byproduct of the Numinous Episcopate's Artificial Death Project that previously appeared."

Klein described, in detail, his divination of the copper whistle as a dream; he did this as a warning to Mr. Azik as if to say that he shouldn't be too careless. After all, dream divination was, in a sense, equivalent to a dream, and Azik knew that he was a Beyonder of the Seer pathway. Having such an encounter wasn't anything odd.

Having a revelation from a normal dream and getting a revelation from a dream divination only differed in one way: one being passive and the other active.

Azik finished listening silently without cutting Klein off. At the end of that, he nodded and said, "It's likely related to something Death left in the Berserk Sea.

"Judging by this, the Numinous Episcopate's Artificial Death Project has made qualitative progress."

Mr. Azik truly lives up to his reputation as a Fourth Epoch Death Consul. He doesn't belittle my dream at all... Klein raised his right hand and rubbed his face, turning into Gehrman Sparrow.

He then said, "I only have one more thing I need to prepare. I need to confirm that Admiral Hell Ludwell isn't somewhere dangerous and that there are no Numinous Episcopate demigods around him."

As for whether the Murloc Cufflink was still on the ship, Klein did not mention it. This was because he would check on it every few days. He believed that Admiral Hell had yet to discover the mystical item, or he might have already discovered it but had deliberately not moved it, hoping to lay an ambush for the crazy adventurer, Gehrman Sparrow, when he visited.

Azik replied calmly, "That can be confirmed when we are nearby."

"Alright." Klein immediately made Enzo walk to the coat rack and pull out the golden cane.

Seeing that there was nothing else, Azik reached out his right hand and grabbed Klein's shoulder.

Klein also reached out his right palm to grab onto Enzo's shoulder.

The surrounding colors suddenly changed. The reds became redder, and the blacks became blacker. They stacked against each other but were bright and discordant.

The two men and the marionette began passing through the spirit world as the black cane inlaid with gold danced ahead, pointing out the direction of Klein's lost Murloc Cufflink.

Before long, the cane dipped and hung suspended in midair. Azik ended their journey, but they remained in the spirit world.

He seemed to be watching something or listening in on something. After two to three seconds, he said, "There are no problems."

With that said, he brought Klein, while Klein brought his marionette out of the spirit world.

Meanwhile, Klein recalled the time he searched for clues to Azik's memories. Back then, the target was the ancient chronicles that Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy possessed.

Back then, Azik had said "the problem isn't serious," but in the end, he faced Demoness of Unaging Katarina...

There are no problems... Alright, since you say so... Klein lampooned as he sized up his surroundings.

It was a rather familiar environment. It was a huge ship with a mainly dark color with a ghostly green to it. It had a Black Tulip flag, as well as zombies, skeletons, wraiths, shadows, and other undying creatures; these creatures either directed the sails, patrolled the area, or performed cannon drills. All of that proved that it was the flagship, Black Tulip, of Admiral Hell.

Unlike Klein's last encounter, the Black Tulip had quite a number of living Beyonders.

The silver-masked captain with an exaggerated rapier, frilly shirt, a gorgeous coat, and a triangular hat with a white skull on it, Admiral Hell Ludwell, stood by the cabin entrance, looking on.

Suddenly, the black ring on Ludwell's right hand trembled and glimmered.

The pale white flame in the arrogant pirate admiral's eyes wavered and finally constricted to its limits.

Immediately, Ludwell bent his back, prostrated himself in front of Azik Eggers, and kissed the deck under the gaze of countless glazed, astonished, or lifeless eyes.

Chapter 914: The Calling Deep Inside the Mausoleum

Upon seeing Admiral Hell Ludwell's reaction, Klein and the living crew of the Black Tulip could hardly believe their eyes.

He had originally imagined two scenarios:

The first was Ludwell requesting help from a Numinous Episcopate demigod to ambush Gehrman Sparrow and the powerhouse backing him. This wasn't impossible since Sequence 7 of the Death pathway was called Spirit Medium. They also had the ability to sense impending danger.

The second was that Admiral Hell hadn't made any preparations. He would resist but ended up being easily finished off by Mr. Azik.

Klein's plan was to have Mr. Azik deal with the demigod while he hunted Admiral Hell in the first scenario, so as to obtain his second marionette. If it were the second scenario, he could request Mr. Azik to watch from the sidelines as he controlled his marionette to challenge Ludwell alone. During this process, he would use Creeping Hunger and hide in the shadows, doing his best to stay behind the scenes so as to digest his Marionette potion faster.

To his surprise, Admiral Hell did not put up a fight at all. He directly prostrated himself and kissed the deck as though he was Azik's most loyal and humble servant.

How are we going to come to blows now... Klein stared ahead blankly, somewhat at a loss for words.

And it was silent across the ship.

Azik raised his hand and pressed down on his silk hat as he walked towards the prostrating Ludwell at an even pace.

One step. Two steps. Three steps. He stopped in front of Ludwell and said with a deep voice, "What stage has the Numinous Episcopate's Artificial Death Project reached?"

Ludwell kept his forehead pressed to the ground as he hoarsely replied, "Artificial Death can already influence High-Sequence Beyonders who had failed their advancements, but it is still unable to reply to prayers and rituals..."

After giving this account, he slightly raised his torso and took off the black, square-shaped ring from his right hand. Then, with both hands, he offered it in front of him.

Silently, the ring seemed to be dragged by countless spirit bodies as it flew up and landed in Azik's palm.

Azik studied it for a few seconds before wearing it on his left index finger.

Suddenly, a terrifying and profound feeling emanated from his body. The zombies and skeletons who were either naked or wearing rotten leather armor, knelt, bowing their heads as though they only dared to look at his boots. The flying wraiths and shadows landed on the deck and clung closely to it. None of them dared to float in midair again.

The other pirates aboard the ship plopped to their knees, plastering their faces to the deck without daring to raise them.

Klein stood to the side, watching Mr. Azik's back and the scene that had suddenly emptied. He stood agape, but he didn't say a word.

Azik took another two steps forward and came to Admiral Hell's side. Then, he turned his body and faced Klein and said to Ludwell, "You shall be his marionette for a year. When the time is up, you can return to the spirit world."

Azik said those words without any inflection, as though he wasn't determining Admiral Hell's life and death or future. Perhaps, to him, this was a trivial matter that did not need him to care for the thoughts and feelings of the person being ordered.

Ludwell's body shook violently as though he was furious and indignant. But ultimately, he didn't raise his head. He continued keeping his head pressed to the deck.

"Yes, honorable Death Consul."

Just as he said that, ghastly white and dark green mysterious symbols were accentuated as they meshed together, forming an illusory bronze door.

The door rapidly contracted and was imprinted inside Admiral Hell's forehead.

Klein looked in surprise and puzzlement. Only when Mr. Azik nodded at him and pointed to Admiral Hell did he blankly step forward and come within ten meters. He began controlling Ludwell's Spirit Body Threads.

The pirate admiral almost leaped up a few times to flail his arms, but none of that happened. Soon, his thoughts turned sluggish as he subconsciously resisted.

After a while, the silver-masked Admiral Hell Ludwell stood up. Bowing his head, he retreated to Klein's side and stood beside Winner Enzo.

Azik watched the entire process in silence before finally slowly saying, "In the Death pathway, high-level Beyonders have an overwhelming suppressive effect over low-level Beyonders."

...I can tell. Back when I threw your copper whistle, even the Sequence 5 Admiral Hell failed to control his undead creatures... Klein nodded gently, indicating that he had taken note of it.

Immediately after that, a zombie which had rotted in several areas rose up. Carrying an azure-blue cufflink, it came before Klein.

It was the Murloc Cufflink he had lost!

Although it's useless for the current me, I've finally gotten it back... As Klein was overcome with emotion, he reached out to retrieve the item that belonged to him.

Then, he saw Mr. Azik walk back and reach out to grab his shoulder.

He hurriedly extended his arms to grab onto the shoulders of his marionettes, Enzo and Ludwell.

All the colors saturated, brightened, and overlapped. Having entered the spirit world, Klein instinctively asked, "Mr. Azik, where do we go next?"

"Berserk Sea," Azik calmly replied.

He paused for a moment and then added, "Give me the copper whistle."

"Alright." Klein made Enzo take out the iron cigar case and retrieve the ancient copper whistle.

Azik reached out and took it before saying in a deep voice, "My intuition tells me that this ring left by Death, together with this copper whistle and myself, should allow us to find the spot in the Berserk Sea where Death perished back then."

Klein said instinctively, "My dream tells me that it's very dangerous.

"Perhaps we should first find the Numinous Episcopate members who are implementing the Artificial Death Project. We can make decisions after receiving more detailed information from them."

Azik fell silent for a few seconds.

"A voice there is calling out to me."

Klein turned his head to look at Mr. Azik. He saw that this man with soft facial features and weathered eyes had his features drawn tight. He no longer had that slight curve to his lips.

Colors flashed by quickly as Azik brought Klein through the pitch-black storm that enveloped the Berserk Sea.

At this moment, the dark square ring and the exquisite ancient brass whistle shimmered slightly, illuminating Azik's face.

This Death Consul who had lived through the Fourth Epoch closed his eyes as he silently listened to a call coming from an unknown location. Then, he suddenly clenched his right hand.

All the scenery from the nearby spirit world imploded, turning into a slowly spinning black vortex whose borders couldn't be seen.

The vortex suddenly burgeoned, devouring Azik, Klein, and his two marionettes.

Klein sensed a sudden and intense sense of dizziness as he nearly vomited on the spot.

He recovered after an unknown period of time, realizing that he was inside a dark, cold mausoleum. Around him were open coffins, and within them lay rotting corpses with white feathers on their backs.

Although I warned Mr. Azik, we still ended up here... Klein was taken aback for a second as he suddenly felt a deep sense of helplessness.

He turned his head to look to the side and saw Azik standing near him. He was staring intently at the flights of stairs that led deep into the mausoleum.

There was a thick black gas gathering in the area slowly swirling like smog.

"The one hiding in there might very well be Artificial Death..." Klein could not help but warn.

Azik's facial contours were no longer as taut as he curved the corners of his mouth.

"My slumber from before has allowed me to recall many more things. I saw myself seated on a bone throne, and I saw Beyonders and ordinary people lying dead in front of the throne. They had done nothing wrong, but they died sudden deaths all the same. One by one, they got up, turning into ghastly undead creatures, undead creatures that pledged allegiance to me.

"And I was just coldly watching them without any emotional fluctuations. I allowed the disaster to spread through the village and into the city.

"This made me feel unlike myself. However, I also knew very well that this might be the real me."

As Death Consul from the Fourth Epoch's Balam Empire...? Klein's lips quivered slightly before he pursed them tightly.

Azik rubbed his temples and continued in an unperturbed tone, "I sense myself returning to that past."

Chapter 915: Another "Me"

Without waiting for Klein's reply, Azik, who was staring intently deep into the mausoleum, continued, "I still remember my resurrection after my first death. I was lying in a pale-white coffin, and I staggered to my feet. I was feeling horrified, having no idea what was happening. Nor did I know where I was.

"Before the clergymen collected my corpse for purification, I escaped, stumbling along the way like a wandering ghost. I crossed grasslands, villages, and cities. I couldn't recall who I was or where I came from.

"No matter where I went back then, I would hear all kinds of sobbing. When I watched priests presiding over mass burials, I felt sorrow everywhere.

"Later, I happened to rescue a noble lady and entered her manor. She was a bright and lively girl, and I was like a feral beast from the jungle. I was sensitive, suspicious, self-conscious, afraid; and I often showed a cold, indifferent, cruel side that didn't match the morality of a human.

"She was very curious about me. No matter how I avoided her or what terrible things I did, she would approach me, infecting me with her smile. She would share interesting stories to draw me out, and without realizing it, I got used to her pranks and her existence.

"We secretly got together. She was very worried that her father wouldn't agree to her marriage to a former tramp and present servant.

"Seeing her melancholic smile, I felt my blood surge for the first time. I rashly told her that I was leaving, but I would return with an aristocratic title and a bridal garland.

"I joined the army, becoming a knight. I raised a three-meter lance and charged at enemies. Amid the chaos left in the Fourth Epoch's wake in the Northern Continent, I became a baron and obtained a fief I could call my own.

"I abided by my promise, and with the king's conferment letter, family emblem, a knight's medal, and my self-made garland, I married my bride."

Upon saying this, Azik's expression gradually softened, as though he was reminiscing and recalling something. The corners of his mouth curled up without him realizing it.

Klein's heart stirred from hearing this, as though he had met the familiar Mr. Azik again.

"What happened next?" He carefully guided the conversation.

Azik looked ahead and said, "Later... later, we built a castle on our fief. We had a child, a boy. He grew up very quickly, and I could tell that he would grow up to be tall and stout.

"He enjoyed combat, often running around while dragging a broadsword, claiming that he wanted to become a knight.

"I thought it was just childish talk that wouldn't last. However, even if he broke his leg or hurt his head, he didn't abandon his training. He thought that I would not be able to see him if he hid in his room grimacing while tending to his wound. Heh heh, he underestimated his father. All the spirits in the fief were secretly in my service.

"Year after year passed. I recovered more and more of my memories. My wife often grumbled that the castle was too cold and dark and that she wished to go somewhere with sunlight and warmth. I satisfied her request, but it was only much later that I realized that it wasn't because she disliked staying in the castle, but that she was afraid of the changes happening to me. She was afraid of the colder me who was becoming a stranger.

"She never told me these things, spending time with me like she always did. We spent a beautiful time by the seaside in the south, and we even thought of having a second child, but unfortunately, we didn't succeed.

"Only when I sensed my next death approaching did I return to the fief, to my castle.

"My son, that boy told me that he wished to head to Backlund to become an attendant to viscounts or earls and begin his journey as a knight.

"I asked him why he had made such a choice when he was only around ten. He told me that I was his idol and role model. He wished to become a noble by being a knight like me without the help of his parents.

"Back then, I had already recovered most of my memories. Faced with that child, I always felt a little awkward, unfamiliar, and uncomfortable. But when I heard his answer, I still felt an indescribable joy, satisfaction, and pride. He was my son, completely different from the children I had back when I was in the Balam Empire."

Klein knew that Mr. Azik was talking about his identity as Baron Lamud I. And the child who made him proud and satisfied had been poisoned to death in middle or old age. He was nailed in a coffin and even had his skull taken away by Ince Zangwill.

Azik's gaze went adrift for a moment.

"I died once again and woke up in a groggy manner. I instinctively left my fief and followed my prior arrangements to wander elsewhere. Every incarnation, I had a different life in the beginning. At times, I met with the sweetest love; at other times I was blessed with the most adorable daughter. The love, helplessness, and satisfaction left me taken aback, puzzled, and stumped again and again as I gradually recovered my memories.

"There was once a time when I was a filial son. I gave my parents pride, a beautiful life, adorable grandsons and granddaughters. But when I 'awoke' and found myself, I recalled that in my previous incarnation, I had coldly watched their real son die on the battlefield and had seized his identity. On the one hand, I felt pain and guilt, and on the other hand, I felt it was nothing, something trivial. My heart seemed to dissociate into two.

"Back then, I had a mask that allowed me to change into anyone, but I lost it after awakening. This might have been something I deliberately lost..."

Klein recalled Mr. Azik's mention of a daughter who liked getting sweets from him. After some deliberation, he asked, "I believe that it isn't a dissociation, but that you are fighting against madness.

"After losing your past memories, you, who restart your life, are always kind and warm, with rich emotions. At your present state, you probably see it even more clearly.

"This might very well be the true you, your essence. And as a Death Consul, you suffer the effects of the Beyonder characteristic's latent inclination towards losing control. You suffer the influence brought about by a high-level Death pathway Beyonder. I heard that 'He' had already gone mad after the War of the Four Emperors."

Klein's words were not entirely without evidence, because he only knew a few of Azik's incarnations--Baron Lamud, the father who made a swing for his daughter, the filial child, and the warm and friendly history teacher.

His goal was to provide a guess, a possibility to help Mr. Azik resist the Death Consul personality that came with his memories. It allowed him to reflect on his past incarnations and use this to achieve a particular compromise with himself that would not be too cold.

And as he spoke, he suddenly had a new idea. Without waiting for Azik to finish digesting what he had said, he hurriedly asked, "Mr. Azik, do you know about an 'anchor'? To secure 'Themselves', the deities and angels use anchors to prevent the Beyonder characteristic's inclination towards losing control and stop madness from corrupting 'Them'.

"Yes." Azik retracted his gaze and nodded.

Klein wasn't too sure, but he used a rather firm tone and said, "Perhaps, your repeated memory loss to restart and live a new life is the anchor you use to resist madness and the loss of control!"

Do not abandon them. Do not forget them. That is you! After saying that, Klein added inwardly.

"Anchor..." Azik repeated this word as his mind seemed lost.

After an unknown period of time, he suddenly sighed.

"This might be an explanation. At least, it lessens the intensity of my mental dissociation and conflicts.

"However, since I've already come this far, I should still head inside the mausoleum to see what's hiding there. Why is it summoning me, and what is causing me to die and revive again and again, losing my memories during the process only to find them again...

"This has troubled me for more than a thousand years. It has troubled my every incarnation. I believe I can find an answer today."

The look in his eyes turned clearer as his voice seemed gentle, but there was an indescribable firmness in it.

Klein wanted to stop him, but moments after he opened his mouth, he closed it again.

Azik pressed down on his silk top hat. Without turning his head, he said with a gentle smile, "Remember to close your eyes."

With that said, he walked forward, following the flights of stairs as he headed for the depths of the mausoleum.

The wafting black fog didn't produce any more panting sounds. It slowly scattered into its surroundings, accentuating the illusory object that was coiled at the bottom.

It was a massive feathered serpent that seemed to occupy an entire island!

It had huge, dark green, nearly black scales. Amidst the gaps were feathers covered in yellow oily stains. On every feather, there were thin illusory black tubes extending outwards.

The exaggerated feathered serpent was both illusory and real, its true form was almost indescribable. It seemed to be a combination of things incomprehensible to humans.

Its eye sockets were burning with pale-white flames; its face was that of a human!

The face had bronze skin, and it had soft facial features. Beneath its right ear was a tiny black mole. It was another Azik Eggers!

Chapter 916: Irresistible Approach

Upon seeing this coiling feathered serpent deep inside the black fog, and a face at the top of the towering figure, Azik was first taken aback. Following that, his temple throbbed as though struck by a hammer, splitting his head in two.

Amidst the excruciating pain, several disjointed scenes flashed through his mind:

It was a feathered serpent with a face identical to his, even to the smallest detail;

Above a silent land, there were countless pale corpses;

Floating in midair, there were clouds formed from stacked bones that came from different species;

Black tentacles that drilled out from the ground, with eyes that resembled dead fish at the tip of each tentacle;

His transparent Spirit Body was forcefully pulled out of his body.

After these flashing scenes, a pair of white flaming eyes that were on the brink of extinguishing glanced over. A white feather stained with yellow oil fluttered down, splitting Azik's transparent Spirit Body into two.

One of the parts suddenly flew up and plunged into the "cloud of bones." The remaining part fused with a golden accessory that had appeared out of thin air. Amidst the pale-white flames, it materialized back into a body of flesh and blood.

This scene was like a thunder god's hammer striking Azik's mind, again and again, making the pain nearly unbearable. He raised his hand to his head and sank to his knees on the staircase.

He had finally recalled everything that had happened, and he understood why he was constantly dying and reviving, always losing his memories and having to recover them every single time.

His soul wasn't complete!

Similarly, Azik also understood why the feathered serpent suppressing the entire space in the depths of the black fog had a face identical to his.

It was him!

That was the other Azik Eggers!

And all of this was a secret scheme before Death's fall.

If stitching souls existed, there was naturally the splitting of souls. At that moment, the crazy and powerful Death had seemingly foreseen "His" outcome. Unwilling to die so simply, "He" secretly split the soul of his son, Balam Empire's Death Consul. He took half of it away and used another item as a replacement, stitching it together with Azik's soul.

It was a mystery if it was a deliberate arrangement of Death, or if it was an unintended consequence of the Numinous Episcopate's Artificial Death Project, the half soul that had been taken away from Artificial Death had fused with the target of the Artificial Death Project--the Uniqueness of the Death pathway. It made the latter gain certain innate abilities as it began influencing High-Sequence Beyonders of the Corpse Collector pathway who had failed their advancement.

And for the other half, although there was a replacement that prevented it from being incomplete, the incomplete soul resulted in repeated death and resurrection just like Sequence 4's Undying. And due to the golden accessory inside his body, and the calling from the other half soul, Azik, who started a brand-new life in every incarnation, would gradually recover his past memories with the passage of time.

In the past, Artificial Death had attempted to identify the reason, but due to the natural recovery of his memories, he was often already close to death once more. He wasn't able to perform any in-depth investigations. Furthermore, the Numinous Episcopate's Artificial Death Project had been raised in the past few centuries. It was only in recent times that they achieved a measure of success. That was why he never found the answer.

Haa! Haa! Haa!

At some point in time, Azik's hands had left his head. They were placed on the staircase as his throat produced a sound that was not human.

Drops of sweat dripped down his forehead and hit the stone steps in front of him. They spread out into a layer of pale yellow oil, growing out into dense white feathers.

At that instant, he felt the other half of his soul calling out, as well as its desire. The two "selves" which had been separated for more than a thousand years were eager to fuse as one, to be whole again.

"No..." Azik muttered in pain, unwilling to raise his head or reach out his right hand.

He had seen it clearly. The "him" as a feathered serpent possessed no reason. It was filled with extreme coldness and madness. If he became one with it again, he would probably immediately be restored to his state as a Death Consul from before. He might even become a fake Death who only had godhood with no humanity!

He would forget everything, forgetting everyone who he had once cherished.

"No..." Azik's throat squeezed out the same word again. Irresistibly, he raised his neck bit by bit as pitch-black and gloomy scales appeared.

At his forehead, something with a life of its own protruded out. His forehead cracked as a bloody opening appeared.

A golden sliver of light shone from nothingness, taking form inside the flesh and blood.

This ancient accessory made of gold was in the shape of a tall, slender bird. Pale white flames emanated around it in the form of feathers. Inside its bronze eyes, there were shimmering layers of light that separately formed a mysterious and illusory door.

The moment it appeared, Azik let out a painful growl. He raised his head completely as two wisps of pale-white flames burst in his weathered eyes.

Deep inside the black fog, the illusory and real feathered serpent had straightened its body. It reached its head out as the two identical faces of different sizes looked at each other in silence.

As four pale-white flames leaped, bit by bit, Azik, whose hands were on the ground, struggled to stand up with a warped expression. Slowly, he walked toward the feathered serpent known as Artificial Death.

As he approached, the entire mausoleum began shaking. The surroundings turned transparent, reflecting a world with countless skeletons and shadows.

Bloody arms, bluish-black vines with baby faces, and slimy tentacles with dead fish eyes or two rows of sharp teeth tore through the boundary between reality and the illusory, reaching into the mausoleum. However, they pressed themselves flat against the ground without daring to move.

East Balam, Kolain City.

Daly Simone, who was rushing to her next target's location, suddenly stopped in her tracks and held her head.

"What's wrong?" Red Gloves team captain, Soest, asked in puzzlement.

Daly frowned slightly as she answered, seemingly in reverie, "I hear strange voices. I can sense the calling that stems from an unknown place... I even wish to kneel to the ground..."

"Can the rest of you hear it?" Soest prudently asked the other teammates.

Just as Leonard Mitchell shook his head, he heard the slightly-aged voice in his mind.

"Look towards the Berserk Sea."

Leonard subconsciously turned his body and looked past the harbor toward the distant Berserk Sea. He saw a swath of pure, deep-black darkness. There were no gales, massive waves, dark clouds, lightning, torrential rain, or sunlight.

Although Klein had his eyes closed, his outstanding spiritual perception allowed him to sense his surroundings. When he heard the painful murmurs and shouts that sounded like Mr. Azik, he could sense an almost corporeal silence and the aura of death.

What's happening? Although the Artificial Death deep in the mausoleum didn't attack Mr. Azik, it has subjected him to adverse effects? Klein's mind raced as he felt anxious and worried.

His spiritual intuition told him that what was about to happen was not something he wished to see.

However, he couldn't figure out what he could do. He didn't even dare open his eyes to look at Mr. Azik's present state or whatever he had encountered.

This wasn't a problem that could be solved with mere courage. It was a difference in the natural order of life, an unbridgeable gap.

Suddenly, Klein had a strong feeling of helplessness. However, he didn't give up as he tried hard to think of whatever items he had on him that could be of use.

Creeping Hunger? No, it's at a completely different level. It won't be of any use...

Death Knell? Even worse...

Groselle's Travels? I didn't bring it... Neither did I bring the Black Emperor card and Tyrant card...

Fate Siphon charm... Yes, the Fate Siphon charm!

Klein was delighted as he formulated a plan.

It was to use the Fate Siphon charm to temporarily swap his fate with Mr. Azik. He would suffer the influence created by Artificial Death in his place!

At the very least, I still have a chance of reviving. As for Mr. Azik, his previous deaths had not resulted from inflicted injuries. Who knows if he can awaken again in such a situation! Klein didn't consider if the Fate Siphon charm was effective on Azik and Artificial Death. He only wished to give it a try. He raised his right hand and reached into his pocket.

Then, there was a delay in his actions.

His arm rose a little before landing back in its original location.

He froze for a moment as though he had been petrified into a stone statue.

Klein's lips quivered a few times as his expression distorted indiscernibly. Following that, he swung his right arm and reached his palm into his pocket and pulled it out.

Gripped tightly in his palm was a black crystal card-like charm.

At the same time, Azik was approaching the towering illusory feathered serpent. His footsteps sped up as though he was returning to his throne.

However, his eyes which had pale-white flames were filled with pain. His expression was horribly contorted.

"No..." Azik muttered once again. Wherever his skin was exposed, white feathers stained with yellow oil grew out from the gaps of pitch-black scales.

The intense shouting and desire made him lose control of himself. He was about to soar into the sky and leap towards the gigantic feathered serpent that shared his face.

Pale-white flames spread out from the bird-shaped accessory at his forehead, flowing towards the rest of his body.

Klein's spiritual intuition was sending warnings as he hurriedly said a single word in ancient Hermes, "Fate!"

Just as he was about to use the charm, his surroundings suddenly fell silent. There was no longer any sound.

A slender, fair female palm appeared out of nowhere and pressed down on the golden bird-shaped accessory on Azik's forehead.

A figure then materialized between Azik and the towering illusory feathered serpent, halting their approach.

With the help of this external force, Azik finally held back that desire and the irresistible calling to fuse together. The pale-white flames in his eyes "reflected" the floating figure in midair.

It was a beautiful lady wearing an ancient robe. She wore a black hood. Her face was expressionless, and her black eyes were deep and dark, devoid of spirituality.

Chapter 917: Three Choices

The strange turn of events inside the mausoleum left Klein, who had his eyes closed and his spirituality withdrawn, completely unaware of what was happening. He had no idea if it was something good or bad. Therefore, even though he had already chanted the activation incantation, he still did not dare rashly use the Fate Siphon charm. He was afraid it would make things worse or that it would have the opposite effect.

Seconds passed as Klein felt time pass agonizingly slowly. He felt as though an entire century had passed.

Finally, he heard Mr. Azik speak with a somewhat hoarse and uncertain tone:

"It's you..."

Following that, an unperturbed voice that was clearly female sounded:

"You have three choices.

"First, continue forward to seek completeness. Allow Salinger to revive within your body;

"The second is to have me help you extract that half soul, allowing you to take it with you. You will think of a way to stitch it back together, but this will make you transform back to your original form. You will stop repeatedly dying and reviving, but it will not be the present you. Your past incarnations will truly fade into dreams;

"Third, it's to give up everything and leave directly. You will forever be stuck at your current level. You will have no way of advancing further. You will still die again and again, waking up with no memories, and repeatedly searching for your past experiences."

Klein was taken aback by what he heard. He never expected that there was another "person" in the depths of the mausoleum. Furthermore, she appeared to have absolute authority. She provided the former Death Consul, Azik Eggers, different choices from which to choose.

Is this the "Artificial Death" that's hiding deep in the black fog?

No, "He" originally didn't seem to have any intelligence. It's been so long, and it's not like "He" has tried communicating...

Extract the half soul and think of a way to stitch it together... What does that mean? Azik's soul was not whole to begin with?

Extract it from where? The lady speaking is actually able to do something Mr. Azik is incapable of?

Also, who is Salinger? Why would he be revived in Mr. Azik's body? He, or "He" is Death that caused the Pale Disaster, Mr. Azik's father or grandfather? "He" foresaw "His" death; hence, he left a seed in Mr. Azik's body for "Him" to revive?

The first choice is definitely out of the question. The second and third choice each have their own problems. The former makes him not his current self. He will become an unfamiliar "him." The latter is to suffer an undying curse for all eternity, never to receive salvation... If he's confident in himself, truly treating all the past incarnations as an anchor, then the second choice can be considered. It allows for reconciliation and a compromise... But this involves the division of an already halved soul. It's impossible to guess what developments will happen to the other half soul which didn't experience those incarnations in the future. The anchor might not be able to resolve the problem...

Ideas flashed through Klein's mind. He was puzzled, curious, stumped, and confused. He was so near, yet so far from a solution.

It was Azik's life. It was a future he needed to face. No one else could make the decision for him.

And whatever Klein needed to say had been said. He stood there helpless and worried, waiting for Mr. Azik to speak again.

Azik looked at the beautiful hooded lady in front of him without saying a word. The pale-white flames in his eyes flickered.

The illusory but real towering feathered serpent seemed to sense a negative development. It suddenly lashed out its tail, wildly sweeping it around as it lunged its head downward and opened its gaping mouth, revealing dark red flesh and fangs that were tainted with yellow oil stains. It stuck out its black serpent tongue and spat dark green slime in a bid to devour Azik Eggers.

However, all of its attempts proved ineffective. It seemed to live in another world!

Amidst the unsettling silence, Azik raised his right hand and rubbed his temples. Calmly, he said with a laugh, "Perhaps I'm accustomed to my present life. I choose the third choice."

Just as he said that, the hooded lady clenched her fist, gripping the golden bird-shaped accessory tightly. Then, she retracted her arm, pulling out the ancient item from the gap in Azik's forehead.

Azik's expression distorted once again as though he was experiencing unimaginable pain.

From every drop of his blood and every piece of flesh, parts of his soul seeped out, mixing together into a transparent soul.

This soul appeared complete, but it was filled with discordant and disharmonious feelings. It was because it was half gold in color, the same all the way from the brows, eyes, to the torso, and its four limbs. It had an ancient simplistic beauty.

As the golden bird-shaped accessory was extracted, Azik's translucent soul began to disintegrate inch by inch, as though it was being skinned alive.

His throat let out an inhuman gasping sound once again, causing Klein's head to spin and ache. It felt as though a needle had stabbed into his brain and was stirred wildly.

In seconds, Azik's Spirit Body completely split into two. Half of it transformed into a golden stream that flowed into the bird-shaped accessory, while the other half returned to his body, fusing with his flesh and blood.

The two pale-white flames in Azik's eyes were extinguished as the white feathers and pitch-black scales on his body receded. His warped expression also eased as he no longer looked as savage.

His expression turned slightly pale and translucent as his forehead throbbed. Clearly, he was suffering a pain that stemmed from deep within his Soul Body.

"Thank you for your help." He bowed towards the beautiful hooded lady. He turned around and floated up the staircase, coming to Klein's side.

"You can open your eyes now," Azik said with an exhausted smile.

Klein hurriedly opened his eyes and sized up Azik. Realizing that there weren't any signs of madness or loss of control, he was completely relieved. He curiously cast his gaze deep into the mausoleum.

The black fog was still emanating, completely blanketing everything underneath.

"Who was that?" he could not help but ask.

Azik laughed and reached out to grip his shoulder.

"Even if I were to tell you, you would not be able to hear it unless 'She' is willing to let you know."

As he spoke, Klein subconsciously grabbed his two marionettes' shoulders.

The colors around them saturated and clearly stacked upon one another. The two men and two marionettes quickly passed through the spirit world corresponding to the Berserk Sea, returning to Klein's inn in Kolain City.

Azik released his grip and pinched his forehead. With a gentle smile, he said, "I'll need to sleep for an unknown length of time in order to recover. If you have any questions, you can seek out the spirit world's Seven Lights. You should already be aware of the corresponding ritual."

"Mr. Azik, are you alright?" Klein asked in concern.

At the same time, he rebuked himself.

How can he be fine having lost half his soul forever?

Azik laughed and said, "It's not a big deal. I'll just be maintaining my previous state, allowing me to foresee my death and arrange everything, severing ties with my original life. I'll then forget everything and reawaken in search of my past.

"Like before, at least you're there, someone who knows a lot about my past. If I were to forget once again, I should be able to recall a lot when I receive your letter."

He paused and nodded indiscernibly as he chuckled.

"Sleep isn't a bad thing either. At least I'll have dreams. In my dreams, I never left, accompanying her while taking in the sun while guiding that stubborn son of mine to use the broadsword. I'll also make a swing for that little kid that loves to wheedle..."

Having said that, Azik threw out the copper whistle and said with a gentle smile, "Remember to write to me.

"But before I awaken, I will not reply to you."

Just as Klein reached out to receive the ancient and intricate copper whistle, Azik vanished from the room; his whereabouts unknown.

After blankly watching this scene for a while, Klein suddenly let out a sigh.

To go anywhere else from Kolain City by land, one needed to follow the spiraling path that led upwards. After passing through the different streets, one would arrive at the peak of the city. Then, one had to descend the mountain and enter a plain.

At this moment, the Red Gloves team that Soest led was standing on a square at the peak, looking down at the abnormal Berserk Sea.

Daly Simone, who had been pressing her forehead all this time, suddenly lowered her hand as she said, feeling somewhat puzzled, "Everything has been returned to normal. There's no more problems."

"Normal?" Leonard asked in puzzlement.

From his point of view, it was very difficult for Daly to return to normal before the end of the Berserk Sea's abnormality.

"Perhaps it's intermittent?" Soest hesitatingly raised a theory.

Daly was just about to answer when everyone's spiritual perception was triggered. Once again, they looked towards the Berserk Sea.

In the swath of pure blackness, one bright star after another lit up.

Backlund. Beneath Saint Samuel Cathedral.

Archbishop Anthony Stevenson received an emergency telegram from the sea.

The telegram's content was rather simple, but it was sufficiently shocking.

"Gehrman Sparrow has appeared, boarding the Black Tulip with another person. He has made Ludwell into a marionette and left with the person Ludwell addressed as Death Consul."

Gehrman Sparrow... Death Consul... Saint Anthony silently repeated these two names.

He leaned back slightly and closed his eyes. Once again, the corresponding complete information of the Sealed Artifact, 0-17 appeared in his mind.

"Number: 17.

"Name: Angel of Concealment

"Danger Grade: 0. Extremely Dangerous. It's of the highest importance and of the highest confidentiality. It is not to be inquired, disseminated, described, or spied.

"Security Clearance: Pope, Team A researchers, and Archbishop of the Backlund diocese (Note: When the archbishop is transferred out of the Backlund diocese, the corresponding memories have to be wiped out using Sealed Artifact 1-29)

"Sealed Method: The seal is completed through the combination of 1-29 and 1-80.

"Description: This isn't an item.

"Warning: 'She' cannot be used!"

"Appendix 1: This Sealed Artifact first appeared in the Pale Era of the Fourth Epoch.

Exact year: Missing.

Exact date: Missing.

Exact location: Missing

"Appendix 2: Based on the information, 'She' has been awakened five times.

"Appendix 3: A limited premise is the reason behind its inability to be used. It has been confirmed that 'She' can be used as the Goddess's descent vessel."

Chapter 918: Guesses and Ideas

Kolain City. Inside the inn.

Klein sat on a reclining chair, reaching out to receive the black tea with lemon from Winner Enzo.

Beside him, Admiral Hell Ludwell stood straight, wearing a mask with a rapier by his waist. He appeared like the most loyal guard.

Only at this point in time did Klein, who had completely calmed down, have the mental capacity to analyze what had happened in Death's mausoleum. Amongst all of that, what he paid most attention to was the existence that had helped Mr. Azik get out of his predicament at the critical moment and provide him with three choices.

First, a female voice;

Second, this matter is definitely advantageous to her. Otherwise, no one would cross such a great distance to provide assistance. Of course, if she happened to pass by and had helped Mr. Azik out of goodwill, that's also completely understandable and acceptable. But the problem is that the mausoleum is a product formed from Death's godly powers when "He" perished, a product of the characteristic, corpses, and the natural environment. Without the corresponding key, even deities can't find it. With a door that cannot be opened, how is it possible for anyone to be passing by?

Also, Mr. Azik's actions had been very sudden. He did not first seek out the members of the Numinous Episcopate that are carrying out the Artificial Death Project for information. He directly followed the calling and arrived at the Berserk Sea and entered Death's treasure trove. If it's not someone who can locate me or him, or them being someone who has a strong prescient ability, there's almost no existence that can arrive in such a timely manner;

Finally, the Salinger that can revive via Mr. Azik's body is almost certainly the "I'm mad, but I'm stronger" Death from the Fourth Epoch. That female voice directly addressed "Him" by his name without showing any signs of respect.

This...

As Klein seriously analyzed the information, he suddenly had a theory, but he could not help but avoid the possibility.

From what he knew, the Evernight, Death, and Giant Beyonder pathways were a group of their own. They could be interchanged at High Sequences. And other than using the honorific name of Lady of Crimson or some special Grade 0 Sealed Artifact to occupy a portion of the Moon's authority, the Goddess also had the title Mistress of Repose and Silence. That totally pointed to the Underworld and Death's domain.

And back at the foggy town, and with his use of the holy sword to make a vow with the Goddess bearing witness, as well as the Goddess clearly possessing the authority of misfortune, it made Klein believe that he had entered "Her" special watchlist, just like how he marked certain believers using the Sea God Scepter.

Making a bold assumption and seeking careful verification, then almost all the questions can be answered if she really was the Goddess.

As one of the seven orthodox deities, as one of the winners of the Pale Era, "She" has the level and right to address Death by "His" name...

And having been labeled by "Her," once anything abnormal happens, such as me entering a strange place like Death's treasure trove, "She" would definitely sense it and take the necessary action in response. Furthermore, as it definitely requires some time, "She" did not manage to stop it at the beginning...

To "Her," that Artificial Death, or the Death pathway's Uniqueness that had initially come to life, clearly enhances "Her" authority in the aspects of repose and silence. It might even allow "Her" to directly intrude into Death's domain, just like what the Mother Tree of Desire did to the Chained God...

When Death perished, the three Sequence 1 characteristics should have automatically separated. It's unknown who received them. If the Goddess is searching for them, perhaps "Ruler of the Ancient Underworld, Lady of all the Undead" will be added to "Her" title...

Although Mr. Azik has been pursued by the Church's High-Sequence Beyonders, he has ultimately never suffered any real threats. Judging by this, the Goddess has been waiting all this time for today's development... Upon coming to this realization, Klein suddenly felt a little frightened.

He was rather pious. At the very least, he superficially raised his right hand in a pious manner. Tapping four spots in a clockwise manner on his chest, he formed the sign of the crimson moon and muttered, "Praise the Lady."

This made him recall the answer he received when he asked Snake of Fate Will Auceptin about obtaining the High-Sequence Beyonder potion formulas of the Seer pathway.

"...can only be obtained from the crazy Zaratul or the Hornacis mountain range. If you are the Blessed of the Evernight, treat it as though I didn't say it."

After the incident at the foggy town, Klein had already discovered that heading to the Hornacis mountain range and finding Zaratul was the same choice. Even stealing the Antigonus family's notebook from Saint Samuel Cathedral's basement was the same. And up to this date, he realized that the second line was not without meaning.

He stroked his chin and muttered, "Perhaps, maybe, possibly... I'm really considered a Blessed of the Evernight..."

Towards this, Klein wasn't particularly resistant to it.

On the one hand, he had spent the first few months after coming to this world with the Church of Evernight's Tingen Nighthawks team. He had a group of great teammates and colleagues. He had a rather heartwarming life and acceptable ideals. To this day, he still recalled the past; therefore, although he wasn't a worshiper of the Evernight Goddess, he was very accepting of this deity.

On the other hand, at least from what he had seen so far, the Evernight Goddess had yet to show any ill intent. Instead, "She" had given him some "blessings." Klein believed that since he had been specially marked, it was unlikely that he could be free from it anytime soon. All he could do was learn to accept it and make good use of it.

Of course, I can't let down my guard... In addition, I already have too many enemies in the form of the Mother Tree of Desire, True Creator, Primordial Demoness, Primordial Moon, Blasphemer Amon, Angel of Fate Ouroboros, and others. Some of "Them" might even be able to get a hold of my location at any time. Without finding someone powerful to cozy up to, my future will really be difficult! With so many things on his plate, Klein quickly adjusted his state of mind.

To him, as long as the Goddess had labeled him from the moment he made the vow using the holy sword, and not earlier, as well as not constantly "monitoring" him, he found it acceptable.

At least from the special labels afforded to me by the Sea God Scepter, constant "monitoring" isn't possible... Hmm, Mr. Azik will be sleeping for a very long period of time. The Goddess can't just do a divine descent as "She" pleases. There must be some corresponding obstacles and difficulties. Otherwise, the seven orthodox deities would have made divine descents all across the world to resolve all kinds of problems. That's why I should keep a low profile and behave myself in the Southern Continent. I shouldn't try to pin my hopes on an external factor... Klein reminded himself before scrutinizing his new marionette, Admiral Hell Ludwell.

To be frank, he was rather curious about the face hidden beneath the silver mask. But upon recalling how there was an anomaly when Ludwell took off his mask in their previous battle, he held back his thoughts. He planned to make the attempt again after he left the city and did it in the woods or somewhere uninhabited.

After some work, Klein gained a rough understanding of his new marionette's Sequence and powers.

Ludwell was Sequence 5 Gatekeeper of the Death pathway, and he wasn't a normal human.

The corresponding Sequence 9 was Corpse Collector. Back in Tingen, Klein had already learned of its specifics. He knew that they possessed certain traits of a corpse. Their entire being appeared rather cold and grim, and their body temperatures were relatively low. This allowed them to avoid being attacked by dead unintelligent spirits. At the same time, they also had their physical bodies enhanced. They gained resistance to the cold, decay, and corrosiveness of cadaveric auras. They were naturally equipped with Spirit Vision, and they understood the characteristics and weaknesses of undead creatures.

Sequence 8 was Gravedigger. Corpse Collectors who advanced to this Sequence become stronger. Their Spirit Vision was further enhanced as their agility increased. They were able to communicate with nearby spirits, allowing them to provide the Beyonder with help. Other than that, Gravediggers could quickly find the weaknesses of unfamiliar undead creatures and spirit world creatures via observation. This was known as the Eye of Death.

Sequence 7 Spirit Medium was a qualitative change. Beyonders of this Sequence gained knowledge of various kinds of mysticism rituals related to spirits. They could directly communicate with the natural spirits and loitering dead souls in the real world. Hence, they had informants everywhere.

At the same time, they could use different spirits to actualize different kinds of magic, creating various kinds of supernatural phenomena in a rather multifaceted way.

Sequence 6 Spirit Guide and Sequence 5 Gatekeeper didn't experience a qualitative change from Spirit Medium other than an increase in the range for communication. Spirit Guides began involving themselves with the spirit world as they began "hiring" messengers and receiving the help of certain spirit world creatures. Gatekeeper could sense the entrance to the Underworld, allowing them to control the dead spirits inside, doing so as though they watched over the gates that separated the dead from the living.

From Spirit Medium onwards, with the advancement of each Sequence, the quantity and quality of natural spirits, undead creatures, spirit world creatures that the Beyonders could control and order increased exponentially. Spirit Guide gained the use of the additional "Language of the Dead" that circumvented the protection provided by one's physical body. Focused on the ability to communicate with a Spirit Body, the ability was enhanced to giving an order, to the point of slavery. Gatekeepers could even open the mysterious gate that separated life and death to a certain extent, opening the gates to the Underworld!

If it wasn't for the natural restraints that Azik's copper whistle had on the Corpse Collector pathway's control over spirits, I probably would not have even had what it takes to fight Admiral Hell back then. And even now, if not for Traveling to ensure my safety, I might not be able to finish Ludwell off, even if I used demigod-level powers. In the future, I have to take note when taking revenge on Ince Zangwill. He was once a Gatekeeper after all. Klein nodded slightly, raised the cup, and drank a mouthful of black tea.

As for the weapon Ludwell had, it was named Harris Rapier. It originated from a prince from the Southern Continent in ancient times. It did not directly correspond to any Sequence or pathway. It was more of a product that was similar to King of the North Ulyssan who gathered similar characteristics without any proper rules.

It only had one Beyonder power--bringing absolute destruction to anything it pierced.

As a pirate admiral with the highest bounty, Ludwell didn't merely have this mystical item. Unfortunately, his most precious Death ring had been taken by Azik. As for the silver mask on him, Klein temporarily had no way of taking it off for research.

Also, he really doesn't like money. He has zero need for money...

Klein lowered his cup and retracted his gaze. Considering how it was still early, he planned on leaving Kolain City and heading elsewhere to wait for Danitz to finish his investigations.

Chapter 919: "Perfect" Inference

Backlund, Cherwood Borough.

Fors, who was taking an afternoon nap, jolted awake from her dreams. She saw an endless grayish-white fog and Mr. Moon who had his head bowed in prayer, clearly hearing his voice:

"...In the southeast outskirts of Backlund, in the middle of Delaire Forest, there is an abandoned ancient castle. In it are at least two ancient wraiths, and other dead spirits. The possibility of other Beyonders living there cannot be eliminated. The coordinates are..."

I finally have information on the main ingredient of Scribe. Information worth 300 pounds... Fors was instantly delighted as she immediately thanked Mr. Fool and sought "Him" to pass her message to The Moon that she would make payment shortly.

After completing this, she got out of bed and went to the first floor. She planned on pouring herself some wine to drink and consider when she would explore the abandoned castle, as well as the necessary preparations.

For the time being, Leymano's Travels cannot be rented out... Xio needs to come along... That abandoned castle has several dead spirits and is rather dangerous. I have to consider the combination of spells. If there's anything lacking or not specialized, I'll hire Mr. World, Mr. Hanged Man, and The Sun to record the corresponding Beyonder powers... Although Fors lacked actual combat experience, she had been moving in Beyonder circles for years. Later, she had joined the Tarot Club, and having heard and seen much, she naturally knew the need for preparations before any adventures.

As for directly hiring Mr. World to do it, she had long crossed it off her list of options. She believed that giving all the spoils and her savings to him wasn't enough to hire him.

Of course, if her attempts at exploration proved that the abandoned castle was extremely dangerous, something that a Beyonder at her Sequence couldn't enter, she would have no choice but to shoulder an enormous debt. After all, there was only hope and a future from being alive.

In theory, I shouldn't reach that stage. There are still two demigod-level Beyonder powers left on Leymano's Travels from Mr. World. At most, I'll use it first and think of means to make up for it in the future... The only problem is that the two demigod-level Beyonder powers might not be suitable against wraiths and dead spirits... Fors sipped some Black Rand as her various thoughts took form.

At this point, she heard a key sliding into the keyhole as she instinctively looked towards the door.

The door suddenly opened as Xio walked in, carrying two paper bags that emitted a rich fragrance.

"Desi pies?" Fors asked immediately before frowning in puzzlement. "Haven't you had lots of commissions recently? Why are you back so early?"

Xio threw a bag of Desi pies over and said without hiding her smile, "I happened to walk past it. I also hadn't had lunch, so I planned on taking a break."

Without waiting for Fors to ask further, she said, "I've accumulated enough points! I can soon exchange them for the Interrogator potion formula!"

Although her monitoring of royal guard captain, Viscount Stratford, hadn't had any significant progress, it was the kind that accumulated points on a daily basis. All she needed to do was submit a passable report every week to receive the corresponding "bounty." Therefore, together with the other commissions and their varying levels of success, Xio had already earned enough to obtain the Interrogator potion formula.

"Finally..." Fors sincerely felt happy for her friend. Then, she shook the wine cup in her hand. "Shall we celebrate with a drink?"

At the same time, she also thought of something pertaining to herself.

This is great. After becoming a Sequence 7, Xio should have experienced a qualitative change. It will make exploring that ancient castle a sure thing!

Xio looked at the transparent liquid in the cup before shaking her head incessantly.

"Drinking is bad!"

With that said, she frowned.

"Besides, I abhor the smell."

Before Fors could speak, she suddenly recalled something. She stood up and walked to the door.

"I saw the mailbox filled with things. Haven't you opened it today?"

"I didn't have the time." Fors wore a look as though she was busy rushing out her drafts.

Xio was a person of action. Ignoring her explanation, she had already headed out to clear the mailbox.

About ten seconds later, she walked back in with a stack of newspapers and a few envelopes. As she looked at the addressee, she said, "It's all yours! Two letters from the publisher. One's an invitation letter from a surgeon's forum. One letter is from Pritz Harbor."

Pritz Harbor... Fors's mind stirred as she put down her cup, and caught the letter Xio threw at her.

She seemed to openly tear open all the letters in front of her friend, discovering that one of the letters was indeed from her teacher, Dorian Gray Abraham.

"...Calderen City is in a rather unusual place deep in the spirit world. I'm not sure of its origins other than it's very dangerous. A demigod had once stepped in without ever coming out... When selling the actual spirit world coordinates to that gathering's member, there's a need for you to warn him..."

Mr. World's target is such a dangerous spirit world city? Fors stared at the letter in her hand as her eyes widened.

The Red Gloves team which had arrived at the next East Balam city had rendezvoused with the local Nighthawks, taking up an office of theirs.

"Everyone shall have half the day off. We will start tomorrow morning." Soest took out his pocket watch and opened it.

They were about to strike a secret gathering location of the Numinous Episcopate to find more information about the Artificial Death Project and dig out another batch of enemies that hid in Backlund.

As for the information obtained from Ulika, they had already sent it back to Backlund via telegram. They did not need to worry about the subsequent work. After all, they weren't the only Red Gloves team. Backlund had many local Nighthawks, many of them powerful.

Leonard and Daly were just about to seek out their lodgings to rest when a Nighthawk with some East Balam blood walked in with a piece of paper.

"A new telegram from Backlund."

Soest reached out to take it, and after opening it for a few seconds, he said with a grave expression, "Gehrman Sparrow has appeared again. Using divination methods, it has been confirmed that it's him."

Gehrman Sparrow... Leonard wasn't surprised by this outcome. He already knew from Dwayne Dantes that his former colleague, Klein Moretti, was still alive.

He curiously asked, "What did Gehrman Sparrow do again?"

Soest surveyed the area and sternly said, "He boarded the Black Tulip and turned Admiral Hell Ludwell into his marionette."

"Admiral Hell?"

"Ludwell?"

"Marionette?"

The Red Gloves could hardly hide their astonishment as they exclaimed one after another. Even Leonard Mitchell was extremely surprised.

One had to know that Admiral Hell Ludwell, who wore the ring left by Death, had the highest bounty among the Seven Pirate Admirals. He was publicly recognized to be the strongest beneath the Four Kings. He was definitely not someone an ordinary Sequence 5 could compare to. As for Gehrman Sparrow, he had actually boarded his ship, turning Admiral Hell into his marionette despite being surrounded by his, the latter's, undead army and subordinates!

Although they didn't know much about a Faceless and a Marionettist, just the term marionette was enough to let them know that Admiral Hell Ludwell's outcome was worse than death.

He's already this strong? He infiltrated Saint Samuel Cathedral's Chanis Gate to meet the requirements for a demigod ritual? Leonard gradually fell silent as he didn't ask more.

At this moment, Soest offered more information:

"According to the crew that escaped from the Black Tulip, there wasn't a fight back then. Gehrman Sparrow and another man boarded the ship. The moment Admiral Hell Ludwell saw them, he gave up any resistance and prostrated himself on the deck, calling the man 'Death Consul.' Later, he allowed Gehrman Sparrow to turn him into his marionette."

"Death Consul..." Leonard subconsciously turned to look at Daly Simone.

He believed that this Sequence 5 Beyonder of the Corpse Collector pathway likely knew what Death Consul meant.

Daly scoffed and shook her head.

"I only know that the former Balam Empire, a blood descendant of Death that ruled the real world was known as Death Consul."

"However, the Numinous Episcopate's royal faction's leader has never called himself Death Consul," another Red Glove, Cindy, mentioned in puzzlement.

This was rather open knowledge amongst the Nighthawks. Those that reached Sequence 7 and above, or those who joined the Red Gloves, had the right to be privy to this information.

As for the Artificial Death faction, it was even more unlikely for any of them to call themselves Death Consul.

"Who knows? Perhaps the Numinous Episcopate has fractured again. Now, there's an additional Death Consul faction." Daly first made a casual comment before she thought and said, "Gehrman Sparrow has a mysterious origin. His motives for infiltrating Chanis Gate is unknown. Perhaps, it's really related to the Numinous Episcopate."

The Numinous Episcopate had always been a primary target that the Church of Evernight had been trying to take down. The conflict between the two ran deep.

Her statement reminded Leonard Mitchell of something because he knew that Gehrman Sparrow was Klein Moretti. Furthermore, he had joined a secret organization that worshiped The Fool and represented itself with tarot cards and had a working relationship with the Numinous Episcopate.

In the few factions of the Numinous Episcopate, there's no Death Consul... Admiral Hell Ludwell can almost be confirmed to be an "arm" of the Numinous Episcopate. Dealing with him is equivalent to dealing with the Numinous Episcopate...

Dwayne Dantes once said that the members of that secret organization come from different places with different goals... Klein's goal is revenge. Could the goal of one of the members be to strike the Numinous Episcopate, to gradually absorb them to revive or recreate Death in their own image?

Since there's an undying monster like Dwayne Dantes who lived since the Fourth Epoch, it's normal for that secret organization to have an additional ancient Death Consul. Perhaps, his corresponding tarot card is Death! As his mind raced, Leonard began believing that he had obtained the truth.

Then, he made a connection with certain details.

Dwayne Dantes is an undying creature who had lived since the Fourth Epoch.

He knows the Southern Continent very well.

He recently left Backlund and has gone missing!

Leonard was alarmed. Taking the opportunity while his teammates were in discussion, he lifted his teacup and covered his mouth, softly muttering to himself, "Old Man, could Dwayne Dantes be the Death Consul?"

Pallez Zoroast's slightly-aged voice said with a smiling tone, "No.

"Balam Empire's Death Consul is both a rank and a title. It's also the name of the Death pathway's Sequence 2."

Sequence 2... That secret organization even has a Sequence 2 angel... Leonard's pupils constricted as he muttered once again, "How are you so certain that Dwayne Dantes isn't the Death Consul? Because he's not an angel?"

Pallez immediately chuckled.

"No. The reason is very simple. You've seen the real Death Consul's portrait before. Back when you Nighthawks were investigating Welch's suicide. You might have even met him personally.

"He's a teacher at Khoy University's Department of History, Azik Eggers."

Azik Eggers... Leonard was taken aback before he came to a realization.

He finally understood how Klein Moretti was able to resurrect from the dead, why he was fine suffering curses, or why he could join the secret organization symbolized by tarot cards, doing all of that while usually not showing anything special about himself!

The reason was that Klein had the backing of a member of the secret organization with the corresponding tarot card: Death!

Chapter 920: Calderen's Origins

Bayam, the slums.

Hooded with a mask underneath it, The Hanged Man Alger once again met with Admiral of Stars Cattleya.

The two sat across from each other at a table without saying a word.

Finally, Cattleya said, "Have you heard the news?"

Alger did not answer directly, instead replying with a question: "The one about Gehrman Sparrow?"

Cattleya fell silent for a few seconds and nodded.

"He has turned Admiral Hell into his marionette."

Be it Admiral of Blood from before or the present Admiral Hell, they were both pirates who had a higher bounty than her. No matter how confident she was of herself, she didn't believe that either of the two Sequence 5 elites was weaker than she was!

"You learned of it earlier than I expected." Alger confirmed the authenticity of the news in a tactful manner.

Being a member of the Church of Storms which controlled a large region of the sea, he could directly obtain the latest news from the official channels.

Cattleya curled her lips and said, "If the Future were at sea, I might have to take days or even weeks to receive it. But I've been in Bayam recently."

She didn't divulge her intel source.

After a pause, Admiral of Stars asked frankly, "What else do you know about this matter?"

Alger shook his head.

"I was trying to figure out the exact situation when I saw your signal, so I rushed here to meet you."

Cattleya nodded slightly.

"Gehrman Sparrow and Admiral Hell did not battle. Ludwell did not resist, because Gehrman Sparrow had boarded the Black Tulip with a man who was addressed as Death Consul."

Death Consul... Alger's pupils dilated as he felt an indescribable pressure.

Such a term wasn't something any random demigod could claim!

Furthermore, that wasn't something the man had claimed for himself, but an honorific term that Admiral Hell Ludwell had used. Furthermore, he gave up resistance and was willing to lose his life!

With The Hanged Man not saying a word, Cattleya added, "In the Death pathway, Death Consul is the name of the Sequence 2. Of course, every emperor of the Balam Empire was also given this title."

Indeed, an angel, an angel from the Death domain... Alger automatically ignored the latter possibility. After all, based on the "acting method," the position of emperor was definitely held by a Sequence 2 angel before the Balam Empire fell. And for someone who could make Admiral Hell become Gehrman Sparrow's marionette without putting up any resistance, that was definitely not something a mere title could accomplish.

At this moment, Alger suddenly thought of something, something that left a deep impression on him.

After Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos successfully fled, he was found standing by the side of an artificial lake. His face had rapidly rotted with pieces of flesh falling off. Even his eyeballs had rolled out of their sockets.

It was undoubtedly the damage dealt by a potent force from the Death domain. And Alger later confirmed that it was done by Mr. Fool's Blessed.

To rapidly cause the death of a pirate admiral without him putting up any resistance, especially one who carried such a powerful Sealed Artifact, the assailant's level was obvious!

The Church of Storms's Spellsinger of God Archbishop Snake had determined at the scene that it was done by a High-Sequence Beyonder from the Death pathway and that it was not the person he knew.

Alger had no doubts about that. He believed that it was done by a Sequence 4 or Sequence 3 demigod, in other words, a saint. He also felt horrified that Mr. Fool's Blessed was a High-Sequence Beyonder.

Now, he swallowed with difficulty, believing that he had underestimated Mr. Fool back then as well as that Blessed.

That person wasn't a saint but a Grounded Angel, one that shared the same level as the three crowns of the various orthodox Churches!

When it came to religion, the three crowns represented the various Churches' pope, pontiff, or chief shepherd.

A Death Consul as a Blessed... Although Mr. Fool is still recovering, the strength at his disposal is quite sizable... Alger's thoughts churned as his eyes shimmered. He was momentarily at a loss for words.

Cattleya sensed his gloom as she asked, "You seem to have recalled something."

Alger deliberated for two seconds before vaguely replying, "Based on what I know, Mr. Fool has a Death angel among his Blessed."

That matches... Cattleya said as though she was muttering to herself, "Then why did The World promise me Mythical Creature blood that's not from that Death angel? Is it due to having closer ties with the other one, making it easier to obtain?"

"Perhaps." Although Alger felt that Admiral of Stars's inference wasn't wrong, he habitually gave a noncommittal answer.

Cattleya didn't continue on the topic as she said, "We will start the operation tonight from half-past seven to eight.

"If you can participate in it, head over there with me."

She has finally figured out the situation with the Artisan? Alger secretly heaved a sigh of relief and asked in puzzlement, "Why that time?"

This wasn't the most suitable period for any covert operation. Once any mistake was made, the official Beyonders would quickly detect it and rush over.

Cattleya nudged the heavy glasses on her nose and said with a complicated smile, "It's because it's dinnertime for them.

"And they will be having mushrooms for dinner."

What's the connection... The experienced Alger realized that he couldn't read the implication of Admiral of Stars's words.

East Balam, in the lush and humid forest.

Klein deliberately avoided the main path and came to an uninhabited area. He planned on getting Ludwell to take off his silver mask.

This wasn't only to satisfy his curiosity but for a genuine reason. The silver mask was too striking. If he didn't deal with it, there was no amount of disguising that could direct the attention of others away from it.

The biggest problem for a Marionettist is the marionette's identity... The more powerful the marionette, the more famous they were while alive. Bringing one along with me has the risk of being exposed... If it wasn't because I didn't have the time to finish off the pirates on the Black Tulip, I would have had the means to keep it under wraps. For example, I could have continued letting Ludwell be the captain while I pretend to be his subordinate. To a Faceless, that's very simple... Klein sighed as he passed through the forest.

There were many mosquitoes around him, but none of them came for him. All of them were circling Admiral Hell Ludwell, trying to suck his blood in vain.

Klein had given his new marionette the Green Essence ring which attracted mosquitoes. This was because its effects were completely overshadowed by Flower of Blood. Wearing the two rings was rather meaningless for Winner Enzo. In addition, Klein had confirmed that Ludwell's situation was special. He wasn't too afraid of being bitten by mosquitoes.

After walking a distance, Klein casually tossed a coin and stopped.

After a few minutes of contemplation, he decided to finish something else before removing the new marionette's mask. This was because, through this process, he could confirm the severity of the latent danger beneath the mask.

Taking out the corresponding items, Klein quickly set up a ritual and moved the radio transceiver from above the gray fog to the real world.

He wanted to contact Arrodes!

Before he left Kolain City, he had paid Miss Magician 350 pounds for the spirit world coordinates to Calderen City. He had also been warned about the extreme dangers associated with it. Therefore, he planned on obtaining more information from two channels in order to prepare for his hunting mission.

The two channels involved asking the magic mirror and Red Light. With Mr. Azik being in prolonged slumber, Klein decided not to hesitate further. He planned on expanding his social circle, and not merely cling stubbornly to the Evernight Goddess. He needed to find powers to balance things out. And the relatively friendly Seven Lights of the spirit world were the best choice!

With the appearance of the radio transceiver, the surrounding woods suddenly turned gloomy. It was as though the spirit world had overlapped with the real world.

In about ten seconds, tapping began. Illusory white paper began being fed out:

"Exalted Great Master, your puny, loyal and humble servant, Arrodes, is here to answer your summoning.

"There's temporarily no danger here. What are your orders?"

Seeing this coquettish manner of speech, Klein sighed silently and finally confirmed that he had connected to the magic mirror, Arrodes.

He had previously been afraid that the white piece of paper would have the words: "I want to have a child with you."

Of course, he had divined the level of danger of contacting Arrodes above the gray fog, and he obtained an answer that it was fine. However, with the Mother Tree of Desire having a precedent of interfering with divination, as well as his misinterpretation of infiltrating Saint Samuel Cathedral's Chanis Gate, he wasn't too certain.

"Indeed." Klein nodded in a reserved manner before asking, "What do you know of Calderen City in the spirit world?"

Amidst clicking sounds, a piece of illusory white paper exited the radio transceiver hesitantly:

"I can't see that city too clearly. I do not know its exact state, but I can confirm that a saint had perished there before. There were also certain angels, Travelers, and spirit world creatures who had once entered it to explore and emerged alive in a relatively smooth manner. However, none of them gained much from it.

"Also, I know the origins of that city."

Without waiting for Klein to press, more illusory white paper fed out amidst clicking sounds:

"Its former name was the City of the Dead. It was a grounded divine kingdom of the ancient goddess, Phoenix Ancestor Gregrace.

"Ever since that ancient goddess opened up the Underworld, 'Her' divine kingdom was moved there. The City of the Dead gradually became the holy ground of 'Her' descendants and believers.

"Before Gregrace was heavily injured by the ancient sun god and uprooted the city and thrown deep into the spirit world, none of its citizens ever came out again. The name 'Calderen' originates from the Abraham family's angel, the first person who stepped in. In the Language of the Dead, it means 'Unknown Soul.'"

Chapter 921: Politeness First

When it came to understanding the ancient gods, Klein knew as much as many High-Sequence Beyonders. After all, he had the City of Silver behind him, a civilization that had endured from the Second Epoch to the present day. The myths passed down through the ages had left behind a wealth of information.

Based on what he knew, Phoenix Ancestor Gregrace was one of the so-called ancient gods. The City of Silver's Creator, the ancient sun god who was eventually consumed by the Kings of Angels, had dealt "Her" a grievous wound. In the end, "She" perished near the close of the Second Epoch.

However, "Her" influence had yet to dissipate to this day. Signs of "Her" existence remained because "She" was the founder of the Underworld!

City of the Dead... Unknown Soul... Ancient goddess... It sounds very dangerous... Klein looked at the radio transceiver in front of him and fell silent.

Tap. Tap. Tap. Another sheet of illusory white paper emerged:

"Apart from that, I'm unsure of the rest.

"Great Master, I have a suggestion. Would you like to hear it?"

That's a nice question... Klein reined in his thoughts and nodded gently.

"Speak."

The radio transceiver clacked with increasing briskness as a new line of text quickly appeared on the illusory white paper:

"Regarding Calderon City, you can ask Red Light Aiur Moria."

I still have to ask Red Light in the end... Klein nodded slightly and switched to asking, "Is there any danger if I were to remove Admiral Hell Ludwell's mask?"

"No!" A decisive answer appeared before Klein's eyes.

That's good... he thought and said, "Let's end it here for today."

"Great Master, wise Master, in another one or two minutes, a gaze will be cast here! Your loyal and humble servant, Arrodes, will await your next summoning. Goodbye~" The radio transceiver began tapping without any hesitation.

Another one or two minutes? Why didn't you say so earlier? Klein was alarmed, as though he were watching the countdown on a bomb. He hurriedly used the altar and the materials he had yet to clear away to set up a sacrificial ritual. He then sent the radio transceiver above the gray fog.

After doing all of this and confirming that there weren't any anomalies around him, Klein made Ludwell walk to the side and not face him directly as he took off the silver mask.

Gloomy, pale-white light poured out, but it was far less intense than during Klein's battle with Ludwell. Like a guttering candle, it illuminated only a small area.

Meanwhile, as the radio transceiver had been sent above the gray fog, the gloomy, cold feeling that had disappeared in the nearby forest appeared again. Furthermore, it had an indescribable sense of horror that struck at the heart.

This reminded Klein of a cemetery and the legendary Underworld.

After waiting a few seconds and seeing no further abnormalities, he had his other marionette, Winner Enzo, circle around to Ludwell's front and carefully examine the face that had remained masked for so long.

The face was gaunt, its colorless skin clinging tightly to the bones. It was as translucent as crystal.

Beneath the "crystal," transparent and indescribable shadows quickly flowed out, at times fusing with the skull, and at other times they shrank in gaps, surfacing on his teeth.

Compared to the first one or two months of his transmigration, Klein would've been shocked by Admiral Hell's appearance, but now, having already seen all kinds of odd Rampagers and mutated bodies, he wasn't shocked by such looks.

After another round of research, Klein completely figured out Ludwell's condition.

All of this stemmed from the unique traits of a Gatekeeper.

Upon becoming a Gatekeeper at Sequence 5, Beyonders could use their bodies as cages belonging exclusively to the Underworld, allowing them to contain a certain number of souls, ghosts, and natural spirits. In this way, they obtained all manner of unique powers and formidable helpers without having to conspicuously lead a vast undead army everywhere they went.

This was the origin of many folk tales.

Another aspect of a Gatekeeper was rooted in an ancient role: guarding the Underworld within their bodies, preventing the souls imprisoned there from escaping, and making use of them. This was likewise symbolized by a pair of illusory double doors.

After the ancient Death, Phoenix Ancestor Gregrace, created the Underworld, it bestowed a small measure of the Death pathway's authority upon every Gatekeeper, strengthening Beyonders of this Sequence.

Ludwell kept wearing the mask because he had imprisoned a powerful Underworld creature within himself. On the one hand, he could make use of it; on the other, it was eroding his body and turning him into a half-human, half-dead existence. Moreover, the creature was innately connected to the Underworld and was constantly trying to open the door and return.

This combined a Gatekeeper's own powers and authority with the augmentation of Death's ring, allowing Admiral Hell Ludwell to enlarge the Door to the Underworld and steer the Black Tulip directly inside.

A half-human, half-dead form... No wonder Ludwell dares enter the Underworld. A truly living person probably couldn't survive a second inside... Yes, that Underworld creature gives his body some of the traits of a dead soul, allowing him to extract other people's Spirit Bodies from a distance. I suffered from that back then... Klein thought with sudden understanding as he had Ludwell put the silver mask back on.

The mask's purpose was to placate the soul. It allowed the Underworld creature in Ludwell's body to be in a relatively calm state most of the time.

After resolving his puzzlement, Klein cast his gaze back onto the altar.

He wanted to attempt to contact one of the spirit world's Seven Lights.

For this purpose, he could choose between a special secret deed ritual and the corresponding spirit channeling ritual. After some consideration, Klein chose the latter. A secret deed ritual required him to open his mind and spirit, allowing the targeted existence to make contact and thereby grant certain knowledge, strength, aid, or spiritual experiences. It also meant exposing his thoughts and secrets to that existence.

Spirit channeling rituals took two forms--direct communication and praying for a soulfall. Since the spirit world's Seven Lights were extremely lofty existences, Klein couldn't guarantee that a request for direct communication would receive a response. Therefore, although he wished to communicate remotely through spirit channeling, he had to prepare for a soulfall to demonstrate his sincerity.

After lighting three candles and dripping liquids such as mint essential oil onto them, Klein deliberately took out a paper figurine and placed it on the altar as a vessel for the soulfall. Without such an object, the invoked target would descend into him, just as Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina had descended into Danitz when he prayed for a soulfall. There were two possible outcomes. In the first, the possessed person lost all awareness. In the second, the corresponding existence controlled only part of the person's body to facilitate an exchange of questions and answers. The simplest examples involved one party using the mouth to speak while the other controlled a hand to write.

Klein quickly completed the first part of the ritual. Then he took a step back, opened his mouth, and chanted in ancient Hermes,

"I!

"I summon in my name:

"I pray to communicate with the inextinguishable light of the spirit world, the embodiment of infinite knowledge, the Red who wields authority and will..."

The greatest difference between this spirit channeling ritual and ordinary ones was that it couldn't be directed toward a deity. Whether it was the Evernight Goddess or the God of Knowledge and Wisdom, "Their" honorific names couldn't appear in the ritual, or it was bound to fail.

From a mysticism angle, this meant that the spirit world's Seven Lights didn't serve any deity.

As the words facilitating communication with natural spirits left his mouth, Klein saw the three flames swell. Soft sputters of flame merged together, as though a door of light were opening.

The area around the altar suddenly turned silent and dark as pairs of unknown eyes looked over from different areas.

A cold, gloomy wind swept past. Apart from the three candles, every item on the altar floated into the air. Among them, the paper figurine wobbled upright as its surface became stained a rich, pure red that didn't resemble blood in the slightest.

"Greetings." As Klein recalled the description of the spirit world's Seven Lights from some mysticism books, he spoke by following the correct way of interacting that he had concluded.

He acted like he was facing a teacher.

The bright red paper figurine's head moved slightly as it let out an illusory but stern voice:

"Hello there."

Quite polite... As expected, the spirit channeling became a soulfall. Thankfully, I made preparations... Various thoughts flashed through Klein's mind as he asked with earnest courtesy, "Your Excellency Aiur Moria, I have a question I would like to ask you."

"You can just call me Aiur Moria. Please go ahead and ask." The paper figurine floating in midair seemed to be competing with Klein about who was more polite.

"I wish to obtain information about Calderon City." Klein maintained his manner. After all, the Foodaholic Empire had a proverb: No one finds fault with excessive courtesy.

The bright red, nearly transparent paper figurine pondered for two seconds and said, "Can I know your purpose?"

Klein didn't conceal his purpose. He frankly said, "To hunt a Spirit World Plunderer."

The paper figurine's head moved slightly.

"That is indeed something that can only be found with ease in Calderon City. Elsewhere, Spirit World Plunderers are like a drop of water in the ocean. They are extremely difficult to distinguish, and even I discover them only occasionally. I'm unable to lock onto them for long periods.

"A number of them are active in the core region of Calderon City, while a few are scattered along the periphery. As long as you don't attempt to venture too deep inside, it isn't actually too dangerous. Unfortunately, for special reasons, we Seven Lights are prohibited from entering. Otherwise, we could provide you with practical assistance."

"It was once the divine kingdom of the ancient goddess Gregrace?" Reassured, Klein asked to confirm what he had learned.

The bright red paper figurine said, "Yes. The ancient Death wished to use this City of the Dead to revive 'Herself,' but 'She' failed completely. The authority was taken by Balam's Death.

"However, this also made Calderon City more dangerous, because the arrangements left behind by the ancient goddess underwent an anomaly after the failure. As for what they have become, I'm not too sure."

Is that so... Klein nodded indiscernibly. He raised a few questions about other matters and received a rather satisfactory answer.

Bayam. Outside a house near the harbor.

Alger and Cattleya were patiently waiting for the people inside to finish their dinner.

Chapter 922: Mushrooms and Fish

As he watched the light spilling from the oriel window, the hooded and masked Alger was about to ask for the details of the operation when he suddenly saw a shadow rise from the dense darkness. It materialized into a lanky, pale, sickly young man.

Bloodless Heath Doyle... Alger quickly recognized the man to be the second mate of the Future.

Without looking at him, Heath said directly to Cattleya, "Captain, they didn't notice anything. They turned those mushrooms into cream of mushroom soup and plan to serve the prepared pan-fried fish as tonight's main course."

"Excellent." Cattleya removed the heavy glasses from her nose and used her mysteriously purple eyes to look through the wall into the neighboring house's dining room.

Heath Doyle didn't speak further as his body instantly darkened and returned to the shadows. It was unknown where he had slunk to.

After hearing their conversation, and combining it with what Ma'am Hermit had previously mentioned, Alger had a rough idea of the core element to tonight's operation:

Mushrooms!

Poisonous mushrooms!

Although he didn't know what method Admiral of Stars had used to render the Beyonders' spiritual intuition ineffective, leaving them unable to distinguish ordinary mushrooms from poisonous ones, Alger believed that nothing was impossible in mysticism.

He hesitantly said, "Will this cause Artisan Cielf's death?"

Unaffiliated Artisans were rather rare, so Alger didn't wish to lose such a "friend" if there was still room for turning things around. To him, the best case was to imprison the fellow and make him the exclusive Artisan for both him and The Hermit.

"No." Cattleya calmly shook her head and explained, "Both the information you provided and my crew's observations point to one noteworthy fact: Cielf doesn't like fish. He even hates it. This might have something to do with a fish bone getting stuck in his throat when he was young."

And it was because of this matter that Cattleya ultimately chose the mushroom strategy. This could effectively reduce the enemy's effective strength while allowing their side to minimize any risks.

The flesh-and-blood-devouring mushrooms cultivated in dark environments were the first to be ruled out by Admiral of Stars, because Beyonders with keen spiritual perception could sense that something was amiss with them, much as they could sense poison. In addition, Beyonders who believed in the Primordial Moon possessed a fairly deep understanding of herbs, plants, and fruits. They could likely identify dangerous mushrooms through visual inspection alone.

To deceive them, the food itself had to be harmless and undergo a mutation only upon contact with something else.

Based on this, the mushrooms previously created by Frank were perfect!

If the two conditions of fish and water weren't met, they were ordinary mushrooms. They could neither poison someone to death nor cause diarrhea. They would be digested bit by bit, broken down into their various components, and expelled by the body. After that, consuming fish and water would be useless.

For this purpose, Cattleya had specifically asked Frank to set aside his experiment for the time being and obtained a batch of mushrooms from him. She had also promised to hunt an Aurora Order Rose Bishop for him.

"Hates fish..." Alger whispered, feeling like he couldn't keep up with The Hermit's thought process.

He had clearly asked if the poisonous mushrooms could cause Artisan Cielf's death, but the answer he received was that the Artisan wouldn't die because he didn't like fish and even hated it.

Is there some connection between the two? Alger questioned inwardly in puzzlement, but he didn't say it out loud.

He maintained his silence and planned to observe more and take note.

After a while, screams rang out inside the house, followed by agonized groans and the sounds of vomiting.

"Begin," Cattleya issued an order in an abnormally succinct manner.

Her figure instantly turned transparent, turning into a sculpture formed by countless stars.

The sculpture shattered instantly as bright stars surged towards the house's door and drilled through a gap.

As stars gathered inside, Cattleya's figure materialized.

Then, she heard howling winds and sounds of collisions.

The door frame shook before the door opened. Wearing a hood and mask, Alger entered the targeted building not much slower than Admiral of Stars.

He swept his gaze and quickly took in the situation at the dining hall.

Artisan Cielf was retreating from the table with a look of horror.

On the ground were two men and a woman who were constantly vomiting mushrooms. At their chests, their clothes had ripped apart as one mushroom after another sprouted.

Upon sensing someone enter, they subconsciously looked up, revealing bunches of white spores on their faces.

Under his mask, Alger's face involuntarily twitched.

Although he was an experienced and knowledgeable Beyonder who had witnessed his share of horrors, the scene still dealt him a powerful visual and psychological shock.

Cattleya had expected it, but she had never expected such a harrowing sight. After a moment of surprise, she held her right hand to her mouth and blew a whistle.

Illusory ropes emerged from the ground and coiled around the three Primordial Moon believers like snakes.

"Is there a way to stop this?" Cattleya said to the shadow in the corner.

After a moment of silence, Heath Doyle's voice sounded.

"Frank said that he hadn't obtained a way to stop it in his experiments. The only way is cremation."

Cremation... Cattleya's brows quivered. Immediately, she took out some powder from a pocket and threw them out.

The powder seemed to possess a life of its own, landing precisely on the three Primordial Moon believers and the various mushrooms.

Scarlet flames silently erupted, burning everything the powder touched.

Artisan Cielf was already dumbstruck from witnessing the mutation. When someone intruded, he had thought of resisting using his mystical item, but he quickly recognized the intruder to be Admiral of Stars Cattleya. Hence, he wisely gave up and stood in his spot, waiting.

He knew he was of considerable value. No matter where he went, he wasn't someone who would be killed out of hand. Furthermore, Admiral of Stars had never been infamous for wanton slaughter.

Worst comes to worst, I'll just have to join the Star Pirates... Besides, this pirate admiral seems to be more beautiful than the bounty notices. She exudes a completely different air... Cielf tugged at his wolf fang necklace and forced a smile, awaiting the intruder to mention her purpose.

Cattleya glanced at him and seriously observed his appearance. All she could confirm was that he was a classic example of someone from Intis, but she failed to find any similarities to Queen Mystic.

After some deliberation, the pirate admiral said, "A friend introduced me to you because I hoped to commission a mystical item, but I later discovered that you were with several Primordial Moon believers.

"The three of them aren't too strong and couldn't restrain you at all. Why do you still remain here?"

In this operation, the enemy Cattleya had chiefly anticipated was the Artisan himself. She could neither kill nor control him, and he possessed numerous well-matched mystical items, making him a formidable opponent. To her surprise, however, everything had proceeded smoothly.

Cielf said with a smile, "They had strong ones in Bayam in the beginning. Using particular floral fragrances and powders, they infected me with a strange ailment, making me increasingly weaker."

Cattleya casually sized him up and said, "You have already recovered, so why aren't you taking this opportunity to escape?"

Alger stood by the side silently. He didn't say a word, afraid that his voice might betray him.

Artisan Cielf chuckled and said, "While I was under their control, they told me that as long as I believed in the Primordial Moon, I could use certain rituals to treat my chronic illness. I couldn't resist the temptation and tried it, and it really succeeded. I found the feeling of being a man again..."

Having said that, he came to an abrupt halt, realizing that he had said too much, exposing his secret illness.

Did he indulge too much with women and gradually lose his ability in bed? Alger chuckled inwardly.

Cielf looked up and glanced at them. Seeing that no one was mocking him, he coughed slightly and continued, "It wasn't something that relied on medicine. I really recovered my young, virile state. Later, I had two dreams of a moon that was bloody and very enticing.

"I believed that I had already become a believer of the Primordial Moon; therefore, I didn't dare to escape."

Cattleya and Alger silently exchanged gazes, simultaneously passing the death sentence on him.

Once someone truly believed in an evil god, devil, or other hidden existence, there was no turning back unless they were willing to continue in that faith and slowly descend into madness. Even if an official Beyonder faction protected them and they remained free of problems for a long time, they might still strangle themselves in their sleep years later!

Such a condition was nearly beyond salvation, unless they earned the right to receive the blessing of a Grounded Angel, such as the pope of a major Church, or accepted isolation by certain Sealed Artifacts and lived underground forever.

Of course, under such situations, there were also many who did nothing and managed to live to a ripe old age before dying a natural death. However, they were mostly ordinary people, targets that the evil gods, devils, and hidden existences easily ignored. As for Cielf, he was a very useful Artisan.

Cattleya didn't mention the Primordial Moon believers again. To her, whether the Artisan believed in an evil god wasn't a major problem. As long as she could communicate with him, reach a cooperative agreement, and trust that he wouldn't periodically go mad, the rest wasn't something a pirate needed to worry about.

She switched topics and said, "What mystical items do you have now? I'll choose a few and leave you with the rest."

Artisan Cielf wasn't too surprised by this development. She was a pirate, not a policewoman. Robbing him in passing was perfectly normal. He ought to be sincerely grateful that she was willing to leave him anything at all.

In fact, with his level and items, it was possible for him to successfully escape if he went all-out, but he lacked the courage.

"Alright." Cielf took a pair of grayish-white spectacles from his breast pocket. "Gargoyle Glasses. As long as the wearer's gaze meets the target's, they can make the target's entire body go numb, as though they were being petrified. There are two negative effects. First, if the wearer looks into a mirror, they will also go numb. Second, the wearer's body will become heavy and clumsy."

Isn't that the item I reserved... So it has already been made... Looking at the Artisan, Alger couldn't help but narrow his eyes.

Chapter 923: Aftereffects

Cielf didn't notice the change in Alger's eyes. He pointed at one of the "cremated" Primordial Moon believers and said, "That cane was taken from me. It's called 'Word of the Sea.' It can unleash lightning at a target. When swung as a weapon, its strikes are augmented by wind blades. In addition, it can create large spheres of water and corrosive rain. It allows its wielder to withstand deep-sea pressure and freely extract oxygen from the water. It can also be used as a wand to fly.

"There are three negative effects. First, it enjoys singing. Every six hours, it has to belt out a song, whose effects make no distinction between friend and foe. Depending on its choice of song and style, it might make the mind wander, shock the mind and soul, or render people irascible and less rational. Of course, if you desire it, it will also be quite willing to sing before the six hours are up.

"Second, as you can probably tell, it possesses living characteristics and is rather ill-tempered. It enjoys tripping or beating its wielder, or pulling them down the stairs when they aren't paying attention.

"Third, it will cause the wielder to easily be struck by lightning. Therefore, on stormy days, either don't go out or don't bring it along."

This is the Sealed Artifact made from Gehrman Sparrow's Ocean Songster Beyonder characteristic. If he learns that you've already completed it and then allowed a Primordial Moon believer to take it away, you'll definitely be sold to someone who needs you--in the form of a Beyonder characteristic... Alger looked toward the dining table and saw the silver-inlaid black cane.

From what he knew, regardless of whether the other negative effects were severe, mystical items with living characteristics were considered Sealed Artifacts. This was because there were unpredictable dangers associated with them.

With Cattleya and her companion not telling him that he was done, Cielf could only continue taking out mystical items with a glum face.

"This short knife is called 'Blade of Poison.' The effects are obvious. There's no need for me to give any additional information, right?

"Eh, every time it deals damage, it will add on a random poison. As for what it is, it's all luck.

"Its negative effects aren't too serious. It will only cause medical treatment to fail and the feeling of being drunk to accumulate within the wielder."

Cielf continued introducing a few mystical items and finally heard Cattleya say, "Excellent, the rest are yours."

Phew... She still left me with three... Not only did Cielf not bear a grudge, he felt deep down how nice a person Admiral of Stars was. It was as though he had suffered some psychological ailments.

Cattleya then turned to look at The Hanged Man.

"You pick first."

She knew that The World Gehrman Sparrow had commissioned the Artisan to make a mystical item. Therefore, The Hanged Man first had to select the crazy adventurer's item.

Alger nodded and took the Word of the Sea and the Gargoyle Glasses. Then, he indicated that the rest were spoils of war.

Cattleya thought for a moment and said, "Pick another one. The rest will be mine."

She wasn't too interested in the remaining mystical items because she already possessed two powerful items well suited to her. Later, she had also obtained the Scales of Luck and the Judge Button, thereby covering all her needs. Under such circumstances, she had to consider the accumulation of negative effects. Unless an item was exceptionally unusual, she wouldn't give it a second look or choose to exchange for it.

Of course, as a pirate admiral, she never found mystical items too excessive. After all, she had to hand over some of them to the Moses Ascetic Order and leave the rest to reward her crew.

Alger fell silent for a moment. Starting from what items and Beyonder powers he had, he chose the Blade of Poison.

Following that, Cattleya instructed Bloodless Heath Doyle to move the mystical items that Cielf had placed on the ground, and the remnant items left by the Primordial Moon believers, out of the room.

Then, she looked at the Artisan with her dark purple-hued eyes.

"Why do the Primordial Moon believers want to control you?"

Cielf's eyes flickered.

"Isn't that simple and obvious? To get me to make mystical items for them..."

Just as he said that, his heart skipped a beat as a result of the purple eyes that were coldly looking at him. He hurriedly added, "They also seem to have some plan that needs the help of an Artisan. As for what it is, I've no idea because it hasn't started."

Cattleya retracted her gaze while seemingly in thought. Exchanging a silent look with The Hanged Man, they nodded simultaneously.

They decided not to take away the Artisan today and to leave him there to monitor the subsequent developments.

In other words, they wanted to figure out the Primordial Moon believers' plans from monitoring him.

In truth, neither The Hermit nor The Hanged Man cared what the Primordial Moon believers were plotting. Each simply had their own concerns. The former could report it to Queen Mystic, providing reference material for her strategies in the supernatural world. The latter could use the matter to earn contribution points from the Church. Thus, they instantly reached a tacit agreement to investigate further.

Of course, Alger always believed in a principle:

The more information he wielded, the more benefits he could obtain from various matters!

After a brief silence, Cattleya said to Artisan Cielf in the same tone, "Since you're already a Primordial Moon believer, taking you with me provides me with no benefit."

Cielf nodded immediately, agreeing with what she said.

Cattleya paused for a moment before she said, "However, I wish to establish a long-term working relationship with you. Therefore, I need a few drops of your blood. This will aid me in finding you at any time."

Cielf wore a miserable look as his lips quivered, but he was unable to object to it.

Phew... He suddenly exhaled and said, "Okay."

With that said, he picked up a paper cutter beside him and sliced his forearm, letting a few drops of blood drip out.

Cattleya immediately raised her right arm and gently flicked her wrist, causing the few drops of blood to float and fly towards her.

After observing the blood in her palm, this pirate admiral suddenly asked, "What's your last name?"

"June," Cielf replied instinctively.

Cattleya didn't say a word as she turned around and walked out the door. Alger followed closely behind.

The room quickly fell silent. Cielf sat motionless on the sofa for quite some time, as though lost in contemplation of the encounter and unable to pull himself free of it.

Ten minutes later, he suddenly stood up and took out a small human-shaped figurine from his inside pocket.

The figurine was brass-colored, and its face was empty. Blood slowly seeped out from it and remained on its surface.

Cielf hurriedly wiped the figurine's face with a handkerchief before heaving a sigh of relief. He curled the corners of his lips and silently muttered, Thankfully I have this Fate Puppet...

Humph, let's see how you can find me with those drops of blood! Don't even think of cursing me!

In the poverty-stricken district of Bayam, on a street without any street lamps.

The masked and hooded Alger looked at The Hermit beside him and said in a deep voice, "Cielf has lived safely to this day after escaping from the Church of Steam. That means he isn't a fool. The fact that he gave you his blood so readily, without putting up any resistance, means he has a way to evade your tracking.

"Besides, he didn't mention an explanation of how the Primordial Moon believers found him."

Logically speaking, the believers definitely would've asked him for the origins of the Werewolf Beyonder characteristic, but Cielf hadn't mentioned Alger at all.

As Cattleya took out the pair of heavy glasses and wore it, she said without a change in tone, "It isn't used for tracking."

Alger nodded in thought before bidding her farewell, turning into a dark alley.

He made several detours and found a chance to remove his disguise before leaving Bayam. After he returned to the Resistance's private harbor, he boarded the Blue Avenger.

His sailors had pretty much spent most of their energy and money over the past few days. So at that moment, they were all on the ship, waiting to set off for the seas again.

Upon seeing him return, one of the sailors stood up immediately and asked with a smile, "Captain, have you had dinner?"

"Not yet. Make something simple for me." For the operation, Alger hadn't had a chance to fill his stomach.

The sailor, who also served as a cook, immediately replied, "Alright. We got some fresh mushrooms from the forest today. How about I pan-fry them in butter?"

"..." Alger's face twitched, but he shook his head with an otherwise normal expression.

"Just sear a steak. Medium rare, uh--medium-well."

East Balam, by the periphery of a forest.

With his two marionettes, Klein wasn't in a rush to leave. He entered a city and planned on getting some dyes to disguise Admiral Hell Ludwell's mask.

And before that, he had other things to do.

It was to seek out a helper for his exploration of the periphery of Calderon!

Klein was never a lone wolf, especially when facing danger. Unless he had no other choice, he would always invite powerhouses to assist him, sharing the coordinates and paying the corresponding price rather than charging in rashly.

To him, being able to obtain the desired ingredient while alive was most important!

If it wasn't because I know it's impossible, I'd even wish to wait one to two weeks before I carry a baby or push a pram to head for Calderon... Klein sighed silently as he took out the adventurer's harmonica and blew into it.

Silently, Reinette Tinekerr with her four heads in hand walked out of the void.

Klein deliberated over his words and said, "I plan to explore Calderon City soon. Well, I've already obtained its coordinates in the spirit world. I was wondering whether I could hire you to assist me. What would your price be?"

The four heads in Reinette Tinekerr's hand spoke one after another:

"Won't do..." "I..." "Can't..." "Enter..."

Chapter 924: The First Key Factor in Carrying Out Risky Operations

Can't enter... The Seven Lights can't enter for some special reason... Does Calderon City impose a restriction on higher-level creatures in the spirit world? But how does Miss Messenger know about this limitation? Has she been there before? If so, I wouldn't have needed to ask Red Light or the magic mirror... Perhaps her spiritual intuition told her? As his thoughts whirred, Klein slowly exhaled.

He then took out a gold coin and handed it to Reinette Tinekerr. "I understand. Thank you for the information."

After one of Miss Messenger's heads bit down on the gold coin and she retreated into the spirit world, Klein let his thoughts roam as he considered where he might find other helpers.

Mr. Azik has entered a state of slumber. It's unknown when he will wake up. There's no way to wait for him.

Will Auceptin is about to be born but is only a baby. "He" is still at a nadir. And even if Ma'am Hermit has a way to temporarily restore "His" power while "He" is weak, it's impossible for "Him" to do something as trivial as being my bodyguard. Besides, once "He" leaves Backlund or showcases his corresponding level, there's a very high chance that he might once again be locked on by Angel of Fate Ouroboros.

Could I obtain the help of a Life School of Thought demigod through this Snake of Fate, such as Councilor Ricciardo?

That would be difficult. The Life School of Thought is suffering from internal division, and its Councilors have too much to do. Besides, they're running all over the world with the Die of Probability, leaving traces to divert the Angel of Fate's attention.

Queen Mystic Bernadette? I'm not too familiar with her. Besides, The Fool has demigods and angels under "Him." A Blessed like Gehrman Sparrow can always find other help. Even if I claim that it's a cooperative effort, it will also expose quite significant problems. Sigh, on the surface, The Fool has angels and demigods under "Him," but the actual situation is that at the angel and demigod's side is The Fool who's just photobombing them...

The Chief from the City of Silver? This is indeed something that could be used as a price when he makes a request, but the problem is that he's unable to leave the Forsaken Land of the Gods. I think I should leave this opportunity for the Bizarro Bane...

Those geezers of the Sanguine? There's no suitable reason, and it's very easy for me to be exposed to Lilith. Who knows who that dead ancient goddess who hasn't truly perished is. If "She" is actually the Primordial Moon in disguise, I can forget about resurrection...

Klein thought of one candidate after another, but one by one, he struck them off the list. Finally, he couldn't help but sigh.

When in need, friends are always in short supply!

He couldn't help considering whether to set up a ritual and pray to the Evernight, the Crimson, for strength. He could seek the Goddess's blessing in the hope that "She" would directly bestow upon him the true soul body and powder of a Spirit World Plunderer, or have an archbishop, high-ranking deacon, or secret ascetic assist him.

Unfortunately, all he could do was muse over the idea without actually carrying it out. Although Klein was rather accepting of the Evernight Goddess and wasn't against the identity of being an Evernight Blessed, he still felt extremely wary. He didn't wish to rely on a deity's bestowment for everything. Besides, he suspected that similar rituals wouldn't have any effect. This was because, with his present level and strength, he had no right to raise conditions with a Sequence 0. If the deity was willing to give, then "She" would naturally give it to him. If "She" didn't, praying was useless.

If I have the shamelessness of Old Neil, I might really try it. Back then, the Goddess was willing to respond to his debt payment and resolve his constipation. "She" dotes on her believers pretty well. Of course, there must be certain "side effects"... Klein recalled the past as he sighed.

He decided to change his train of thought. Since he couldn't get help from friends, he considered making use of his enemies.

Hmm, perhaps I can bring the Black Emperor card, the Tyrant card, and the radio transceiver. I could wait at the entrance to Calderon City. As soon as King of the Five Seas Nast, High-Sequence Beyonders of the Church of Storms, or Rose School of Thought leaders such as Suah and the other demigods and angels rush over, I'll immediately enter that City of the Dead...

No, that's too obvious. King of the Five Seas Nast and the High-Sequence Beyonders of the Church of Storms are highly unlikely to follow me into Calderon City. Instead, they'll remain outside and wait for me to emerge...

Abomination Suah might chase after me, but "He" is an angel.

"He" wouldn't be impeded by anything in the periphery of Calderon City. I'll only be inviting trouble to myself...

After thinking it over repeatedly, Klein finally abandoned the idea of profiting from manufactured chaos. He believed it would be difficult to reproduce the situation that had once occurred outside Bayam, especially when he wasn't yet a High-Sequence Beyonder.

A person who treads the edge of the abyss would fall into it sooner or later!

Who else can provide me with help? Klein's gaze swept past his two marionettes as friend after friend flashed past his mind, including the members of the Tarot Club.

Suddenly, he recalled something.

Miss Sharron once told me that the Tutanssess II mummy is one of the keys to her advancement ritual and is very important to her. This also means that she's about to become a demigod, Sequence 4 Puppet of the Mutant pathway...

If she succeeds, I can get her to help. We have had a good partnership.

Thankfully, I chose to help her. Otherwise, I wouldn't have any hope today.

As Klein reined in his emotions, he took out a sheet of paper and a fountain pen. Placing the paper on Enzo's back, he scribbled, "It's been a while since we last met. I wonder how you've been recently..."

As he wrote, Klein suddenly stopped. He felt that the opening was awkward and insincere.

Miss Sharron is a restrained person. When she writes letters, she goes straight to the point without saying anything unnecessary. I have to take her personality into account and be more direct... Klein thought for a few seconds, then lifted the first slip of paper and gave it a shake, engulfing it in scarlet flames.

After a few seconds of deliberation, Klein wrote on a new slip of paper:

"I've already acquired Calderon City's coordinates in the spirit world. If you've already become a demigod, I would like us to cooperate again and ask for your assistance. If not, there's no need to force it. I can still find other friends.

"Sherlock Moriarty"

After folding the slip of paper and addressing it to "Ma'am Maryam," Klein took out the adventurer's harmonica again and blew it.

Reinette Tinekerr, in her dark and complicated dress, walked out of the void as though she had never left the vicinity, appearing right in front of him.

Klein handed her the folded slip of paper and a gold coin before seriously exhorting her, "Send it to Backlund, Hillston, 126 Garde Street. Throw it directly into the mailbox."

"Alright," one of Reinette Tinekerr's heads said, while another bit down on the letter and gold coin.

Upon seeing this, Klein pressed, somewhat worried:

"You haven't lost the previous map, right?

"Do you know which borough Hillston Borough is? Do you know where Garde Street is?"

The three other heads which Reinette Tinekerr held replied, "No..." "I know..." "It's..." "Very..." "Easy to..." "Find."

Klein immediately heaved a sigh of relief as he politely sent off Miss Messenger.

He temporarily threw the matter of Calderon City to the back of his mind and began disguising his marionette, Ludwell.

The next morning, a brown-skinned man with lightly curled hair entered Tiniks, a city bordering a forest, accompanied by two servants. He wore formal Loen attire and a silk half top hat.

The city chiefly produced timber, rubber, and specialty forest products. There was talk around town that several hair-growth research centers and their supporting factories had been established there.

Disguised as a wealthy local, Klein quickly found a hotel. Seated in a rattan recliner, he once again inspected his handiwork.

Winner Enzo's skin was not only bronze, but it was now almost completely black. Together with his thin and soft hair, bushy brows, and dark shadowy facial outline, matched with Balam-styled baggy, creased pants and a black-and-white top, he looked like a typical example of a local servant that hailed from a particular plantation manor.

Admiral Hell Ludwell's rather resplendent clothes had become the same style as Enzo's. His exposed skin had clear burn marks, and his silver mask was now dyed with a uniform iron-black color. This made it look as though he had been disfigured due to a fire accident and that he was wearing a mask to hide his face, lest he scared any passersby.

After having his lunch which was served to his room, Klein heard stacked illusory prayers.

Male... Mr. Hanged Man? It's also possible it's Emlyn and Little Sun. The transaction of the Sequence 5 Beyonder characteristic of the Vampire pathway is about to begin... Klein was just about to head for the bathroom to take four steps counterclockwise and head above the gray fog when his spiritual perception was triggered.

He hurriedly activated his Spirit Vision and saw the headless Reinette Tinekerr emerge from the spirit world overlapping reality, a letter held in one head's mouth.

Miss Sharron has replied? Klein first thanked her before receiving the letter and tearing it open to read.

"Sorry, I will likely still need another one to two months of preparation. If you still need my help by then, I'll be fine with it. Sharron."

One to two months... It's not like I can't wait... It's not like I've digested my Marionettist potion yet... Klein nodded indiscernibly as he got a pen and some paper to reply simply:

"Take your own time. There's no rush. My matter isn't urgent. I can wait. Sherlock Moriarty."

After handing the letter and gold coin to Reinette Tinekerr and getting her to send it to Backlund, Hillston Borough, 126 Garde Street, Klein suddenly thought of a problem:

Scouting is essential in war. How can I be so rash and careless when exploring a dangerous place like Calderon City?

Hmm, when Miss Sharron advances, I can head there to do some scouting and gather some intelligence without the need to take risks. For example, I can figure out exactly what restrictions there are; what kind of anomalies will happen towards Death domain powers; or I can figure out whether I'm only able to enter by a fixed entrance, or if I have any way of directly returning above the gray fog from inside... After confirming all of this, I can formulate a plan and make preparations... Of course, before scouting, divination is necessary... Klein soon made up his mind and walked into the attached bathroom.

Chapter 925: Choosing "Clothes"

Above the endless grayish-white fog, in the magnificent ancient hall.

Klein didn't rush to do a divination. He first answered The Hanged Man Alger's sacrificial ritual and got the cane made from the Ocean Songster Beyonder characteristics to appear in front of him.

Word of the Sea... This name does stir some memories when transliterated into Chinese. I'll leave it as it is... It's basically a weaker version of the Sea God Scepter. It doesn't possess demigod-level powers such as Lightning Storm or Tsunami... It also has quite a few negative effects... Recalling The Hanged Man's description, Klein stroked the silver-inlaid black cane.

Perhaps the mysterious space above the gray fog naturally suppressed it, preventing the Beyonder cane from displaying its living characteristics. It lay there silently, like the most ordinary piece of wood.

Klein nodded slightly and muttered silently to himself, Mystical items with living characteristics are really rather troublesome. But from a different angle, it means that they can be communicated with. The Die of Probability back then was quite a nasty fellow, but didn't it also become obedient after getting schooled?

Besides, I can have one of my servants hold it most of the time. Yes, Winner Enzo would be the most suitable. Although he currently has no passive luck, he is constantly accumulating it in preparation for a critical moment. Releasing a little wouldn't affect anything. That way, whether the cane tries to trip, throw, or beat him, he can smoothly evade it without attracting anyone's attention.

On careful thought, the cane's pranks aren't entirely useless. If I encounter another Marionettist, Spirit World Plunderer, or Bizarro Bane, lose the initiative, and fall under their initial control, my thoughts and movements will become sluggish. It would be difficult to escape that state on my own. At such a moment, if an uncontrollable cane suddenly struck me or tripped me to the ground, wouldn't that free me from my predicament?

Sigh, if a mystical item's negative effects are used well, they can be quite a boon...

Of course, in normal combat, such pranks can bring about unnecessary dangers. How it should be balanced or avoided will need repeated trial and error.

As for the negative effects of easily being struck by lightning on a stormy day, Klein didn't mind. Firstly, unless he was in a special region, stormy weather wasn't common to begin with. It wasn't something that needed to be taken into consideration most of the time. Secondly, as a Seer, divining the day's weather before heading out was a common act. Finally, if he couldn't avoid sudden flash storms, Klein could always give the cane to Enzo. This way, even if the lightning were to strike the Winner, it would end up being attracted by a nearby lightning rod.

Let's just hope I'm not that lightning rod... Klein gave a self-deprecating laugh as he considered the most worrisome negative effect.

It would belt out Beyonder singing every six hours!

This was indiscriminate, and it was basically a huge AOE [1] attack!

After some thought, Klein decided to communicate with the Word of the Sea cane and persuade it to sing less often, or at least give him advance warning.

I had breakfast early today. It's almost time for Creeping Hunger to start its howling... In thought, Klein removed the human-skinned glove from his left palm and threw it at an empty spot in front of the junk pile.

Right on the heels of that, he lifted the silver inlaid black cane and threw it over. Then, he stirred some of the power of the mysterious space above the gray fog, creating a barrier that isolated all sound and images. He made Creeping Hunger and Word of the Sea spend time alone.

After doing all of this, Klein rubbed his palms and conjured a pen and paper. He wrote down a divination statement: "My scouting of Calderon City's periphery today is dangerous."

After putting down the dark red fountain pen, Klein removed the spirit pendulum from his left wrist. He let the topaz hang down over the paper in close proximity with it.

After chanting seven times in his mind, he opened his eyes and saw the topaz standing still and not spinning.

This meant that the divination had failed.

Calderon City's true condition is a secret to the entire spirit world, and the divination lacks a starting point... Besides, it was once the divine kingdom of an ancient goddess. A mutated resurrection arrangement remains there, and it can likewise interfere with divination... Klein wound up his spirit pendulum and deliberated. I can only trust what Red Light said. The danger around Calderon City's periphery isn't that great... Besides, I still have my marionettes. I can send them in first to confirm whether the place screens out the gray fog. If it does, I'll give up. If it doesn't, I'll enter myself.

Klein quickly came to a decision. Without any hesitation, he waved his hand to remove the barrier he had previously created.

Then, he saw the Creeping Hunger which had retreated to the side of the junk pile. It was propping itself up with three fingers while its thumb and pinky were pressing backward on Groselle's Travels. It looked weak and could hardly stand.

At the same time, there was a mouth in the middle of the palm. It revealed two illusory, white, and eerie teeth that kept gasping for air.

On the other side of the barrier, the silver-inlaid black cane lay on the ground. It twitched from time to time as translucent blue bubbles continually oozed from its tip.

Upon seeing this scene, Klein muttered with satisfaction, "Very good. Silence at last..."

Just as he said that, the Word of the Sea suddenly stood upright. As though held by an invisible hand, it "hopped" toward Klein, circled The Fool's seat, and dodged to the other side. Creeping Hunger used all five fingers as legs and chased the cane with great difficulty, only to collapse midway.

Klein watched in speechless silence before letting out a sigh.

"After fusing with Mr. A, Creeping Hunger seems to have acquired living characteristics, but its intelligence is far too low. It clearly Grazed a Wind-blessed and is capable of Short-distance Flight, yet it still uses its fingers as legs to give chase..."

After saying that, he turned his head towards the Word of the Sea cane which was hiding beside him.

"Aren't you a Sequence 5 of the Sailor pathway? What kind of mystical item are you if you can only hop on one leg?

"Seriously, are such low-level living characteristics equivalent to babies? No, a particular baby is way smarter than all of you!"

Klein reprimanded each of them and sighed as he said in amusement, "It's not like I'm a devil..."

Just as he said that, the glove and cane who were still stirring froze at the same moment. They didn't dare make a sound.

Klein's subsequent words were left in his throat. All he could do was reach out to pick up Word of the Sea and kindly and sincerely speak to it.

After a friendly and candid negotiation, the silver-inlaid black cane swayed rapidly to indicate that it would sing as little as possible. If it truly couldn't hold back, it would warn its owner by means including, but not limited to, trembling slightly or automatically rising a few centimeters.

At the same time, it raised a request via singing:

Never use the hand wearing Creeping Hunger to hold it!

Of course, if its master insisted on doing so, it didn't object to it and was happy to accept it.

Better than Creeping Hunger. It's not too stubborn... Klein beckoned for Creeping Hunger and wore it on his left palm.

Taking a glance at the Door of Summoning which had been produced from the ritual, Klein began considering the items to bring on his scouting of Calderon City.

Needless to say, the two marionettes were going. They could be used as bait, to scout the path ahead, be used as test subjects, and verify any traps. They allowed a Marionettist to not need to undergo too many dangerous actions, so they were definitely going.

They would be wearing Enzo's Flower of Blood ring and Ludwell's Harris Sword. They were all standard equipment. In addition, Klein decided to get Enzo to carry the Word of the Sea.

As for himself, Klein planned on heading there as a Spirit Body. Once anything was amiss, he would immediately end the summoning and return above the gray fog. This way, what "clothes" he matched was something worth considering.

Azik's copper whistle? No. It's related to Death, and Calderon City belongs to the ancient Death... There's a small chance it might trigger a terrifying anomaly and draw the danger in the core region out on its own.

Black Emperor card or the Tyrant card? Hmm, I'll be moving about the spirit world. The two marionettes are basically dead. I'm not afraid that they have their blood extracted. Heh heh, Ludwell is a half-human, half-dead entity. He doesn't have blood to speak of. The value of Enzo's blood only makes him appear human most of the time. And this could be recovered via using Flower of Blood. It also means that I can bring the Sea God Scepter to Calderon City!

It's a place that's deep in the spirit world. It's far from the Rorsted Archipelago, so I don't have to worry about being affected by the believers' prayers. The only problem is that I'll become irascible and short-tempered. It will be easy for me to become hot-headed... This is taboo when it comes to exploring. However, this is easily resolved. I'll leave it with Enzo or Ludwell. Besides, the Tyrant card's level is very high. It can produce a suppression effect to a certain degree on the Sea God Scepter, preventing me from easily flaring up.

With the combination of the Tyrant card and the Sea God Scepter, I'm equivalent to half a Sequence 4. This can then most effectively reduce the risk I face. In the future, even if I were to enter with Miss Sharron, I can also equip myself in such a manner. I'll get her to maintain her state as a wraith--no, an evil spirit state to circumvent all problems!

I don't have to worry about the law of convergence. If Calderon City can screen the gray fog, I'll return after taking a look from the outside. No one will lock onto me or pursue me. After all, the spirit world isn't the home ground of the Sailor pathway. If Calderon City can't screen the gray fog, and a High-Sequence Beyonder of the Church of Storms really does get drawn there, I can end up using him... Amidst his thoughts, Klein suddenly reached out his hand, attracting the Tyrant card to fall into his palm.

Immediately after that, he fused the Card of Blasphemy into his Soul Body.

Suddenly, extreme might and terrifying auras emanated from The Fool's location. A heavy papal tiara silently appeared on Klein's head as his clothes turned into a religious robe.

The latter resembled the vestments of a pope from Saint Seiya: Knights of the Zodiac, which he had seen in his previous life. However, they were a dark blue that was almost black.

As howling winds sounded, the pontiff robe flared up suddenly as Klein raised his right hand and suspended himself in midair before catching the white bone scepter that flew towards him.

At the tip of the scepter, the gems emitted either blinding silver or blue light like bolts of lightning that circled around the Tyrant.

With a thud, the Word of the Sea cane prostrated to the ground, right beside Klein who was wielding the scepter and dressed like a pontiff.

1. Area of Effect.

Chapter 926: Spiraling City

I really do feel a little irascible, but I'm not that quick-tempered... Wearing the papal tiara and dark blue robes while wielding the Sea God Scepter, Klein seriously observed his new state.

This meant that the Tyrant card could suppress the negative effects of the Sea God Scepter to a certain extent, but it wasn't able to completely eliminate it.

Using Cogitation, Klein composed himself and turned to look at the junk pile in the corner.

Groselle's Travels? This is my strongest defensive item to date, and it has other wondrous uses. The problem is that it was created by another ancient god, the Dragon of Imagination Ankewelt. According to Little Sun, this dragon king was once allied with the owner of Calderon City--the ancient Death, Phoenix Ancestor Gregrace. Who knows whether the book might trigger some unwanted development... To be safe, it's best not to bring it.

And just like Azik's copper whistle, the mutated paper figurine can't be included. It has the remnant aura of Artificial Death... This might have a shock-and-awe effect when exploring Calderon City, but it also contains plenty of latent risks.

The Priest of Light Beyonder characteristic? It can effectively restrain dead spirits and is a natural nemesis of the City of the Dead, but it's only an ingredient that hasn't been made into a mystical item. Its effects are rather limited, while its negative effects are extremely severe. It won't help me in my soul state. Besides, lightning can also purify the dead. With the Sea God Scepter and Word of the Sea, there's no need to bring the Priest of Light Beyonder characteristic... Thoughts flashed through Klein's mind as he ruled out the remaining items in the junk pile.

He wore the human-skinned glove on his left hand, wielded Sea God Scepter, and raised his right hand slightly. He made Word of the Sea fly up and land in his palm.

Following that, the papal-dressed Klein changed the appearance of his soul. He hid his facial features within the shadows of the papal tiara.

He slowly stood up as the dark blue robes fluttered in the wind, the white bone scepter dazzling.

With just one step, Tyrant Klein passed through the Door of Summoning and walked out of the candlelight, arriving in the real world. He found himself in the rather spacious bathroom.

After adding the Fate Siphon charm and Death Knell into his body, he opened the door and returned to the living room. He got Enzo to come over to receive Word of the Sea.

After some thought, Klein took out Death Knell and handed it to Admiral Hell Ludwell.

After doing all of this, he brought his two marionettes and relied on Traveling to head for the coordinates in the spirit world that were provided by Miss Magician.

The journey went smoothly. The Tyrant's aura left all manner of strange spirit world creatures afraid to approach him along the way. They didn't even dare look at him directly. Before long, Klein arrived at his destination.

The scene before him looked no different from anywhere else in the spirit world. Saturated colors overlapped, and thin mist drifted everywhere. Farther off, in the depths, pairs of eyes turned away one after another.

The papal robe's cape fluttered gently in the wind as Klein did a rough scan before getting Enzo and Ludwell to enter a blob of fog that appeared very thin and normal.

Suddenly, his field of vision broadened with the aid of his two marionettes. A legendary city of magnificent proportions appeared before his eyes.

The city was abnormal. Rather than rising vertically, it spiraled deep into the earth, giving the impression of an inverted mausoleum.

Its buildings came in myriad styles, all equally strange. Some consisted of towering, pale-white stone columns with a single enormous house carved into the top. Some were long and rectangular, with doors in the ceiling and no windows in sight. Some were built into the ground, with tombstones erected at their entrances. Others were constructed from white bones in a disorderly, scattered fashion.

The closer it was to the bottom of the pit, the more completely preserved the buildings were. The closer they were to the top, the more collapsed areas there were, ones filled with the dilapidation and rot that time brought.

Klein brought his two marionettes to a halt. Despite standing at the city's edge and overlooking it all, he couldn't make out what lay at the very bottom. Profound darkness enveloped the area, as though no light had shone there for countless millennia.

After a brief observation, Enzo lowered his head and chanted using ancient Hermes:

"The Fool that doesn't belong to this era.

"The mysterious ruler above the gray fog.

"The King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck..."

As soon as he finished the statement, Klein, who remained outside Calderon City, heard overlapping illusory pleas. He recognized the voice as that of a man deliberately speaking hoarsely.

It's the marionette's prayer from before... Klein heaved a sigh of relief as he silently muttered, "This means that Calderon City doesn't screen out the gray fog. At the very least, the outer periphery doesn't. I can enter."

Although he said that to himself, he was in no way in a hurry. He subsequently controlled Ludwell to raise his left palm and spread it open.

Illusory light suddenly shone forth. Then, with one point as its origin, the surrounding space collapsed inward, forming a pair of bronze double doors.

This door was slightly blurry and extremely incorporeal. The surface was covered with countless mysterious patterns that gave one the feeling of indescribable heaviness and silence.

With a creak, the mysterious bronze door shifted backward and cracked open a little.

Through this crack, Klein saw the deepest and heaviest darkness.

Amidst the darkness, pale-white colors stirred, swirling up at times and descending at other times. It was like a river that was gushing through a night devoid of light.

Pale-white stone columns appeared on both banks, nearly identical to those within Calderon City but far more exaggerated.

At this moment, pairs of transparent eyes and indescribable faces suddenly appeared. They filled the illusory bronze door's crack, eagerly trying to pass through.

Klein's eyes felt a slight stabbing pain as he immediately made Ludwell clench his left palm.

Thud!

The illusory door covered in mysterious patterns was pushed by an invisible force as it closed, disappearing from Enzo's sight.

This mysterious door that separates life from death and leads to the Underworld has apparently changed its destination. What lies behind it is no longer the Underworld, but Calderon City's core region--the deepest point at the bottom of the pit? Wearing the papal tiara and wielding the Sea God Scepter, Klein nodded thoughtfully.

In this way, many powers of the Death domain had been altered within Calderon City, producing anomalies.

With this knowledge in mind, Klein once again got Ludwell to raise his left arm.

The left part of this marionette's body rapidly turned illusory as dark green specks appeared as though he had turned into a wraith or specter.

His arm began to stop abiding by the laws of reality as it suddenly extended into the distance. The center of its palm was abnormally white with an illusory face protruding from it.

The face had its mouth half-open as its tongue was sharp like a snake's. It was covered in white fur.

In a completely surreal manner, the tongue flicked out far into the distance. It was as though it could drill directly into a human's body and absorb one's soul.

Indeed, the Death Envoy powers Ludwell obtains from the Underworld creature inside him have mutated. Not only have they been strengthened, but they have also changed from extracting Spirit Bodies at a distance to consuming them directly... Standing at Calderon City's entrance, Klein had Admiral Hell display all manner of Beyonder powers in the Death domain, allowing him to identify how their effects differed from normal.

The thing they had in common was that all of them had become more powerful!

Then, Klein experimented by making Enzo use the specialness of his body and the various powers from Flower of Blood and Word of the Sea before coming up with a conclusion.

Aspects in the Fate domain aren't affected...

Lightning Strike is suppressed, making it much weaker...

Unable to fly too high...

Powers like wind blades, singing, illusory scales, balance, and water membrane undergo no changes...

Once the experiments were complete, Klein had Enzo and Ludwell descend the pale-white stairs while keeping close to Calderon City's periphery, where the buildings had already collapsed completely.

As the two-hundred-meter threshold approached, Klein raised his right hand and pressed down on his face that hid in the shadows of the papal tiara. Then, wielding the Sea God Scepter, he stepped into the thin fog.

His mind instantly turned slightly groggy as the scene before him changed. He had entered the City of the Dead, Calderon City.

Enduring the irascible feelings within him, Klein made his left glove turn dark.

His body turned illusory as it was tainted by a dark color, turning him into a shadow. Only the Sea God Scepter in his hand continued emitting silver or blue beams of light.

Using the soul's screening and the Tyrant card's suppression to hide the light, Klein floated diagonally ahead, slinking into the shadows of the collapsed buildings. He followed closely behind the two marionettes, beginning to perform an initial inspection of Calderon City's outer region.

As he traversed the area, Klein gradually noticed something amiss.

It was too quiet!

It was so quiet that it was as though the entire city was dead. Even bugs had failed to survive!

According to Arrodes and Red Light Aiur Moria, Phoenix Ancestor Gregrace had uprooted Calderon City and cast it deep into the spirit world. Before doing so, "She" had allowed the city's residents to leave. Other spirit world creatures would also enter from time to time.

But now, not only were there no active creatures in the peripheral region, there weren't even any skeletons, zombies, or so much as one or two buildings made from something other than bone!

Klein tensed up more and more. With Enzo's and Ludwell's vision, he carefully observed his surroundings.

During this process, his gaze swept across a broken pale-white column. The ancient but damaged building at the top had a disc burnished from gold inside.

The disc's smooth surface reflected a figure, but it wasn't Enzo. It was Klein, wearing his papal tiara and dark blue robe!

This Klein had a gloomy demeanor. His face was pale and his eyes were listless as though he had long been dead.

Chapter 927: Tyrant's Might

Hiding in the shadows, Klein's heart tightened. He then quickly calmed down without showing any signs of horror.

This was because he was extremely certain that the reflection on the golden disc's smooth surface wasn't him--at least, it wasn't the real him!

If it really was him, Enzo would've seen the gray fog, seeing magical scenes that resembled a Mythical Creature form. This would've caused Klein to faint immediately!

Since I'm completely fine, it means that the reflection isn't of me... Klein activated his Spirit Body Threads vision, controlled Enzo, and raised Word of the Sea. He approached the pale-white collapsed column and the ancient building which remained in shambles while secretly releasing some of his "luck."

The swarthy marionette approached the golden disc one step at a time. Bending his back and raising the cane, he carefully observed the area.

The disc had two layers--an inner and outer layer. The core region was as smooth as a mirror with very few patterns. The boundaries were engraved with birdlike creatures. Its entirety had an ancient magnificence to it.

The figure it reflected remained the same. Despite reflecting Enzo, it reflected the gloomy, pale Klein with listless eyes. Even the Sea God Scepter, the papal tiara and papal robe that came with the Tyrant card weren't missing. If it wasn't because of the lack of the gray fog, Klein definitely would've imagined that the disc could influence himself through a marionette and Spirit Body Threads. Or perhaps it would be like what the Saint of Darkness back at the ruins of the battle of gods had encountered, having himself dissociate without realizing it.

What does this actually mean... Klein calmly emerged from the shadows, returning to the appearance he had worn upon first entering Calderon City. Then, using his Beyonder powers as a Clown, he reconstructed his present condition in his mind.

Holding the white bone scepter with embedded blue gems, he wore a caped papal robe with a papal tiara with different gems dotting it. His face was hidden in the shadows, appearing somewhat blurry. His entire body exhibited a gloomy and cadaveric air, as though he was a zombie that was recently dug out!

This... Klein was alarmed. He never expected to really experience such changes. Apart from the gray fog's mixing with reality, the reflection on the golden disc really was him!

As long as it doesn't involve the gray fog, there isn't too much to worry about... he hurriedly reassured himself, calming his state of mind.

Normally, with Klein's rich experience and good ability to adapt, there was nothing he needed to do at the moment. But first, considering how he was holding the Sea God Scepter that easily made him rash, he needed to pay constant attention. Second, he knew that this was once Phoenix Ancestor Gregrace's divine kingdom which contained the setup required for "Her" revival. There was bound to be all kinds of abnormalities. Therefore, he was more nervous than ever before.

Getting Ludwell to return, he used his Beyonder powers to do a thorough inspection of himself before gaining a preliminary understanding.

When living creatures enter Calderon City, they naturally take on the state of the deceased. This resembles the Underworld, but there is a fundamental difference. Here, living creatures don't abruptly die and then slowly turn into mindless undead. Instead, they directly become dead spirits.

I didn't notice it before because Enzo and Ludwell are essentially dead, so there's no need for them to be converted... Arrodes and Red Light Aiur Moria didn't mention this because the Travelers, spirit world creatures, and angels automatically recovered after leaving alive? This kind of transformation is unable to affect the powers of the gray fog that fuses with reality. And the disc reflects the dead me, not all of me, or the me that has had some interaction with Calderon? Klein was more inclined to believe in the latter, but he wasn't too sure.

At this moment, he heard a sound coming from nearby.

Clang!

Clang! Clang!

The sound was heavy but crisp, as though someone was striking metal heavily.

Klein wasn't in a hurry to react. He carefully listened for two seconds before letting Enzo put down the heavy golden disc and walk towards a nearby broken tombstone.

The halved tombstone corresponded to a building that developed further underground. On top of it were the words written with the Language of the Dead:

"...A quick-tempered fellow who died while comparing which was harder--his head or someone else's hammer."

Enzo circled around the damaged tombstone and arrived at the entrance to the tomb. He reached out his left hand and turned the knob, pulling open the door.

Amidst the rough grinding sounds of rust, the heavy door slowly opened.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

Pale-white beams of arrow-like light flew out!

They brushed past Enzo's face, the top of his head, torso, and inner thighs and flew into the distance, stabbing into the ground before vanishing. However, Winner Enzo was completely unharmed.

...I have to say that such a marionette is excellent for dangerous explorations... Klein sighed inwardly as he made Enzo cast his gaze down the building.

It was a blacksmith--a giant with bluish-black skin and a head resembling a burst watermelon. It gripped a hammer and repeatedly struck an empty anvil.

As the giant with the cracked head had normal Spirit Body Threads and wasn't the soul avatar of someone else, Klein secretly heaved a sigh of relief.

Just as he was about to get Enzo to take a more thorough look, his body suddenly turned numb as his thoughts turned sluggish.

This feeling was something he had felt before. Back in Tingen, he had been in a similar state when he was under Sealed Artifact 2-049's influence!

Klein didn't know better back then, but after becoming a Marionettist, he knew that this meant that his Spirit Body Threads had been controlled by the Sealed Artifact!

This also meant that someone was controlling his Spirit Body Threads!

Furthermore, the difference from before was that, not only were his joints "rusting" as though someone had infused glue into them, he also felt a strong numbness as if he had been struck by lightning. It made his actions become harder.

Not good... It's the Spirit World Plunderer... I was guarding against... its use of a soul avatar... It distracted me... and secretly approached... but I never expected... that it not only had a soul avatar... but also... a partner... That... giant... blacksmith... made me... careless... And the marionettes'... presence... made me... neglect... my own... safety... Disjointed thoughts surfaced involuntarily in Klein's mind, disrupting his normal efforts to save himself.

At that moment, the ruptured-headed giant blacksmith raised its hammer and charged at Enzo, intent on smashing him to a pulp. A cold wind brushed Klein's neck, making every hair stand on end.

The surroundings had been abnormally silent before, but now all manner of strange creatures emerged from the pale-white stone columns, dilapidated houses, and the tomb beneath the tombstone.

Some of them only had half a body. Others were transparent and nearly invisible. Some were stretched and soft like noodles. Some had a ruptured chest with bloody innards. Some had dark green faces that resembled that of an evil spirit. Others had eyes growing everywhere around their body. There were also others who looked like jellyfish that lived in the air.

Countless gazes fell upon Klein from every direction. They held no emotion, only indifference.

At this moment, Klein opened his mouth with great difficulty as he said a word slowly:

"Sing..."

Just as he said that, the glove on his left palm opened its mouth, revealing its white teeth:

"Praise you!

"The Lord that created everything;

"The Lord who reigns behind the curtain of shadows;

"The degenerated nature of all living things!"

Amidst this jarring voice that resembled blackboard scratching sounds, Enzo, who had been thrown to the ground, successfully avoided the hammer's strike as Word of the Sea began spewing out water bubbles in excitement.

"Break! Break! Break!"

Klein's head suddenly ached, and his ability to think returned at once. For a brief moment, his thoughts were no longer disjointed.

However, his body remained "rusted" as his body was filled with numbness.

Following that, he relied on his spirituality while motionless, controlling Ludwell, who had returned to his side, to punch him with his left fist.

Bang!

Klein staggered back, instantly extricating himself from the numb and sluggish state.

Then, his temper flaring beneath the papal tiara, he spread his papal cape and raised the Sea God Scepter.

The blue gems lit up one after another as a bright silver bolt of lightning blasted down.

The bolt of lightning branched outward, blanketing hundreds of meters of Calderon City's periphery in a forest of lightning. Its devastating aura and destructive force erupted in full!

The strange creatures that had charged out from various spots shattered, evaporated, and completely vanished as a result of the swath of silver.

Moments after the silver storm quelled, Tyrant Klein's Sea God Scepter emitted a blinding light once again.

Frenzied bolts of lightning snaked through the area, crashing down again and again like a colossal wave.

After two repeated casts of Lightning Storm, Klein was exhausted as he found his calm again.

His heart beat suddenly as he recalled something.

Lightning Storm was indiscriminate when it struck. Apart from the Sea God Scepter-wielding him and the partner who stood beside him, everything else suffered a decimating blast!

This also meant that Ludwell was still fine, but there was a high chance of Enzo being "wiped out."

Klein instinctively looked over and saw Enzo curled by the side of the halved tombstone. Behind him was the huge metallic hammer which still had tiny bolts of lightning snaking around. Not far from it was two nonhuman charred legs.

The tomb corresponding to the tombstone had already collapsed. The iron-black tiles that landed on the ground still had remnant silver bolts of lightning sizzling away.

... As expected of a Winner. He didn't even die despite such an onslaught... The amount of luck he accumulated has probably been passively expended... Klein felt relieved as he activated his Spirit Body Threads vision to observe his surroundings.

He was searching for the Spirit World Plunderer!

He believed that the range at which a Spirit World Plunderer could control Spirit Body Threads couldn't match the reach of Lightning Storm!

The already dilapidated buildings had nearly been leveled. The remaining stone pieces and bones were mostly charred black. Even the heavy golden disc was in shambles.

Suddenly, a figure emerged from the rubble more than a hundred meters away from Klein.

It was wearing a translucent white robe. It didn't have a head or limbs. It appeared like it was being propped up by an invisible person.

At that moment, it looked like it was in a sorry state, with wounds and black marks everywhere.

This should be the Spirit World Plunderer... My rash use of two Lightning Storms seems to have countered it... These thoughts flashed through Klein's mind as he took in the scene.

Chapter 928: Misdirection

At this point, Klein roughly understood the situation.

Due to the law of Beyonder characteristic convergence, the Spirit World Plunderer had targeted him the moment he entered Calderon City, a place devoid even of ordinary dead spirits. First, it moved the golden disc of unknown origin onto his anticipated route, ensuring that his marionette would notice it while passing. This diverted his attention to Calderon City's transformative effect on the living. It then used the giant blacksmith, which wasn't one of its soul avatars, to distract him further. Finally, it secretly entered controlling range and succeeded on its first attempt.

If it wasn't because I had seen those deceased bodies that are hung up like wind chimes at the cathedral, thus having an instinctual fear of High-Sequence Beyonders of the Seer pathway, and having prepared several autonomous means to disrupt any exertion of control over me, I might've already been made a soul avatar by the Spirit World Plunderer...

Seriously, I should've thought of the law of Beyonder characteristic convergence before I came in... After carrying the Sea God Scepter, even with the Tyrant card suppressing it, I'm still a little too rash. I nearly missed out on such a crucial detail...

On the surface, I did seem as cautious as I usually am, but in fact, I had turned rash without realizing it. Yet, I didn't even believe I was being rash... Klein's thoughts raced before he raised the bone scepter-wielding arm and continued using Lightning Storm.

If once wasn't enough, make it twice. If that still wasn't enough, do it a third time. In short, he had to take this opportunity to prevent the Spirit World Plunderer from escaping from the range of his attacks!

This was the safest method, and it was also Klein's fighting style that he looked up to the most. If it wasn't because Lightning Strike had been greatly weakened in Calderon City, he even suspected that he could've gone over to pick up the Beyonder characteristic already.

And having already digested most of the Sequence 5 potion, his Spirituality was sufficient enough for him to deal out such damage for a while!

At this moment, the "invisible" figure wearing a translucent white robe burst into pale-white flames. It appeared in midair several hundred meters away.

The Spirit World Plunderer had used Flaming Jump, which was many times stronger than Klein's version, instantly pulling away from him!

At the same time, in the rubble it was hiding in, a four-meter-tall bluish-black giant staggered to his feet.

The giant's chest gaped open, but there were no innards within. Like a fortress, it planted itself between the Tyrant and the Spirit World Plunderer, blocking Klein's line of sight.

And in Klein's eyes, its Spirit Body Threads were gathered together, extending far towards the Spirit World Plunderer. It was obvious that it was a soul avatar.

At the tip of the Sea God Scepter, the blue-colored gems lit up. A few bolts of lightning leapt out of thin air, mixing together into a huge silver arrow. Instantly, it smote the bluish-black giant's head.

All the invisible defenses shattered, and the giant's head split apart like papier-mache. Countless pieces of charred flesh splattered outward as its headless body evaporated into white vapor mottled with dark green. All its vitality was stripped away.

All of this happened in the blink of an eye. Klein, in his papal tiara and papal robe, raised the bone scepter even higher.

The blue light radiated in ripples as howling wind blew up his cape.

In a very large area of Calderon City's periphery, dark clouds quickly gathered. Under a suppressive layer, they made the area appear darker and more repressed.

Smack! Smack! Smack!

Bean-sized drops of water smashed to the ground, releasing dust that had accumulated over time.

Splash!

The raindrops pattered at an increasing pace, forming a catastrophic storm.

The water extinguished the pale-white flames and formed a stream that gushed downwards towards the lowest point of the city, right for the end of the deep pit.

In such weather, Klein's Flaming Jump had been made ineffective, but it was likewise for the Spirit World Plunderer!

However, to a Tyrant, his spirituality could spread through the dark clouds as though he had transformed into a deity that overlooked the land.

Every dark cloud, every drop of water had become Klein's eyes. They allowed him to easily find the Spirit World Plunderer in every area that had its weather change.

This invisible figure with the translucent white robe was hiding behind a broken pale-white column. It hadn't left the periphery for the core region.

Boom!

A deafening boom sounded as bolts of lightning meshed to form a silver beam that shot out from the dark clouds, right at the Spirit World Plunderer.

Relying on its potent spiritual premonition, the invisible figure burrowed into the ground half a second early.

Three thick silver beams smote the area one after another, melting the soil away as they sank downwards, producing charred craters.

The Spirit World Plunderer emerged elsewhere and dodged frantically, veering right and left in a serpentine maneuver.

However, regardless of where it fled to, the silver beams would chase up to it. They even blocked its path ahead of time, preventing it from attempting to leave the stormy region.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Like a Tyrant deity looking down upon the Spirit World Plunderer from the dark clouds, Klein waved his scepter and struck at his target again and again, narrowly missing several times.

Klein grew increasingly anxious, eager to end the hunt at once. He therefore activated the Sea God Scepter without reservation, increasing the frequency of the descending lightning bolts.

Suddenly, he felt a strong sense of exhaustion.

This alarmed Klein, making him realize that something was amiss.

The Spirit World Plunderer had the chance of retreating deeper into Calderon City at the beginning, so why is it staying around?

It's clearly a spirit world creature without a physical body. It can burrow underground to avoid the lightning and a Tyrant's notice, so why is it circling around from time to time?

It's trying to force me to attack. From my Spirit Body Threads and my control over my marionettes, it has noticed that I'm not a demigod. It wants to drain my spirituality! Alarmed, Klein combined this with their first encounter and realized just how intelligent the Spirit World Plunderer was. It was an exceedingly crafty creature.

At the same time, he also thought of a problem:

Could Lightning Storm and the stormy rain attract the notice of dangerous existences in the core region of Calderon City?

I'm too rash. I keep neglecting the critical details... As thoughts flashed through his mind, Klein put away the Sea God Scepter.

The heavy storm stopped as the dark clouds quickly scattered, the weather restoring to normal.

Klein recalled Enzo to his side with Word of the Sea and had Ludwell protect him from the center.

He and his two marionettes then headed outward, as though trying to leave Calderon City while he still had some spirituality left.

During this process, Klein had his Spirit Body Threads vision constantly activated to prevent the Spirit World Plunderer from approaching him.

He noticed that this creature's Spirit Body Threads were somewhat special. A portion of them came out from its body and extended outwards normally. A number materialized externally and were bound together in a thick bundle, right into the translucent white robe.

Klein suspected that this was the state when a Spirit World Plunderer controlled a soul avatar, making it different from a Marionettist.

As he shifted his gaze, he suddenly saw thin black illusory threads coming out from a collapsed house. A portion of them gathered into a thick bunch with its source in the distance.

Klein didn't hesitate to raise his Sea God Scepter, creating a sonorous thunderclap.

Boom!

Amidst this sound that struck awe into one's mind and spirit, Ludwell suddenly raised his left hand.

Half of his body instantly turned illusory as his arm stretched an extraordinary distance toward the collapsed house.

Midway, his palm turned abnormally pale-white. An illusory face protruded from it and extended a snakelike tongue covered in white fur.

The tongue reached out far, penetrating the wall and stabbing at the spot where the Spirit Body Threads were gathered. It immediately sucked on a distorted and blurry soul.

Around the soul, a number of Spirit Body Threads suddenly disappeared as though they never existed.

A portion of them was none other than the gathered bundle, the ones that came from afar!

They were fake!

The Spirit World Plunderer could create false, illusory Spirit World Plunderers, or instantly exchange places with its soul avatar!

Klein suddenly turned his head and looked elsewhere. Indeed, he saw a blob of Spirit Body Threads swim over from underground at a fast speed.

He once again used the Sea God Scepter, releasing a thunderclap close to the ground that could shock the Spirit Body.

Meanwhile, Enzo expended some of his remaining luck, adding bad luck to the target. Then, he shot out a silver bolt of lightning from the tip of the Word of the Sea.

By a stroke of luck, the lightning bolt passed through a crack and entered the ground, striking the assailant directly and causing some of the Spirit Body Threads to vanish at once.

It was also fake!

Just as Klein reacted, his thoughts paused and his body turned numb.

Just as he opened his mouth with great difficulty to instruct the mystical item, the invisible figure in the translucent robe descended from above, landing right before him.

The Spirit World Plunderer had been hiding high in the sky, cloaking itself with the grayish-white clouds!

The moment this invisible figure appeared, maggots began crawling out of its collar where its head should be. They were maggots with strange patterns covering them.

Just one look at them sent his mind reeling. Although he broke out of the control of his Spirit Body Threads, he also lost his ability to think.

Fleshy tendrils began sprouting from his face beneath the shadow of the papal tiara. Each was translucent, like a squirming worm.

If it wasn't for the Tyrant card's level supporting him, he would've fallen to the ground while struggling in pain.

The Spirit World Plunderer had a Mythical Creature form to a certain extent.

At this moment, the invisible figure inside the white robe began to control Klein's Spirit Body Threads without any obstacles in the way. In a few seconds, it was already close to succeeding.

Seeing that its prey was about to become its soul avatar, the Spirit World Plunderer suddenly saw its target open his mouth with great difficulty and say a word.

He had recovered from the brink of losing control faster than it had anticipated. The word he spoke was ancient Hermes: "Fate!"

It was the incantation for the Fate Siphon charm!

If Klein had truly wanted to leave, he would've seized his two marionettes and ended the summoning, returning directly above the gray fog. He wouldn't have walked toward Calderon City's entrance.

He was planting a trap for the Spirit World Plunderer!

He had recovered so quickly from the damage inflicted by a Mythical Creature form, and managed to chant the relevant word, because he had experienced such situations too many times. Besides, although he wasn't sure what method his opponent was using, there was one broadly effective way to counter it--make his target unlucky.

Just as Klein entered a sluggish state, his first reaction wasn't to make the mystical item sing, but to let Enzo expend all his luck, making the Spirit World Plunderer have enough bad luck!

Chapter 929: True Soul Body

"Fate!"

As the drawn-out, abstruse ancient Hermes word resounded, the places where Klein and the Spirit World Plunderer stood suddenly darkened.

It wasn't very obvious, as though a cloud had drifted over in midair without stopping.

But when the illusory shadow dissipated, the invisible figure in the translucent white robe stood frozen in place. The surface of its robe bulged as though worms were crawling beneath it. It was sluggish, slow, and in a dire state.

Across it, Klein's eyes had their lucidity return. The meat tendrils on the shadowed face beneath the papal tiara vanished.

It appeared as though it wasn't the Spirit World Plunderer who had controlled Klein's Spirit Body Threads and nearly succeeded; instead, it appeared as though Klein was the one who was controlling it and had nearly converted it into his marionette!

The Fate Siphon charm switched one's fate!

This was a high-level charm made using a Worm of Time. It could siphon away the target's subsequent fate and, for a short period, burden the target with the user's fate, thereby completing an exchange of destinies.

Thus, Klein and the Spirit World Plunderer exchanged situations. One went from death to survival, while the other plunged from victory into instant despair.

After confirming that the Spirit World Plunderer was intelligent, exceedingly difficult to handle, and therefore difficult to hunt, Klein had begun feigning a retreat. Affecting rashness, he deliberately walked into the Spirit World Plunderer's controlling range to entice it into acting, ready to use the Fate Siphon charm at the critical moment!

That way, whatever terrible fate the Spirit World Plunderer inflicted upon its enemy, the charm would make it experience the same despair!

Of course, if the Fate Siphon charm failed to produce the expected effect, or if the Spirit World Plunderer's main soul didn't appear and instead controlled the situation by other means, Klein still had one final way to protect himself--end the summoning and return directly above the gray fog. He would sacrifice his two marionettes and several mystical items to ensure his own safety.

With no time to marvel at the Fate Siphon charm's wonders or the terror of Marauder pathway angels, Klein raised the Sea God Scepter high before the exchange of fates could end.

The dark blue papal robe billowed in the wind as interwoven beams of blue and silver shone from the golden papal tiara. Bolts of lightning shot from the tip of the white bone scepter, gathered into a sphere, and slammed into the Spirit World Plunderer's body!

A swath of silver brilliance instantly inundated the target, bleaching the surroundings white.

Once, twice, thrice. Klein unleashed terrifying spheres of lightning without pause, expending his spirituality without restraint.

Finally, he heard a roar that seemed to stem from the depths of one's soul as he instinctively sensed that his target had collapsed and dissipated.

Only then did Klein lower the Sea God Scepter and watch the silver lightning sizzle away.

At that moment, his entire Spirit Body had turned rather illusory. Even with the Tyrant's augmentation, it didn't seem real.

As the lightning dispersed, the invisible figure in the white translucent robe appeared once again in Klein's sight.

Flickering light emerged from within as the Spirit World Plunderer's body cracked, turning into countless illusory bubbles that disintegrated bit by bit.

The Tyrant had succeeded in the hunt.

At that moment, a sudden tremor ran through the depths of Calderon City. It was as though the Spirit World Plunderer's death had awakened a colossal creature, or countless dangerous creatures were surging outward.

The indescribable feeling combined into a swath of illusory grayish-white and, like a tidal wave, rose up from the bottom.

Other Spirit World Plunderers? No, it seems to be something even more terrifying and dreadful. A being served by the Spirit World Plunderer? And Calderon City's core region, at the bottom of the deep pit, remains as silent as ever. There isn't a sound, which makes it all the more horrifying... Klein steeled himself and devoted part of his attention to monitoring the situation within Calderon City while anxiously waiting for the Spirit World Plunderer's characteristic to form an ingredient.

He wasn't relishing in the delight of a successful hunt but was pacing about anxiously at the edge of the abyss.

During this process, Klein kept Enzo and Ludwell close. He tossed the Sea God Scepter to the former to escape its irascible influence. With a clear mind, he began considering how to handle subsequent developments and whether he had overlooked any other details.

As the thoughts flashed in his mind, Klein suddenly recalled something:

Back when he made the mystical items sing, Creeping Hunger had praised the True Creator and had used "His" complete honorific name.

Although the human-skinned glove had used Hermes instead of ancient Hermes or other languages that could stir the powers of nature, the former was still usable when it came to sacrifices! This also meant that the True Creator might've very well heard Creeping Hunger's praises and noticed the commotion here.

Apart from the rising grayish-white tide and the terrifying creature deep within the city, there are other dangers... Wait, I'm currently a Spirit Body, the equivalent of a wraith. I'm not in my normal state... Just as an idea occurred to Klein, his spiritual perception was triggered, and he instinctively looked toward Calderon City's entrance.

The lights there flickered as a figure entered.

The figure was wearing a simple and ordinary linen robe with a head of silver hair.

He was a handsome man with soft facial features. His eyes were gentle with some hints of coldness. It was as though he was observing the fates of everyone in the world like a spectator.

Behind him, there were beams forming illusory layers of pure wings. They spread outwards, blocking the entire entrance.

"..." Klein nearly hissed through clenched teeth as a series of titles and names flashed through his mind:

Ouroboros!

Tail Devourer!

Angel of Fate!

King of Angels!

He had no time to consider whether his previous thought was correct. His incorporeal body expanded, enveloping his marionettes, Enzo and Ludwell, the yet-to-appear characteristic, and the Spirit World Plunderer's remnant bubbles!

At this moment, Ouroboros's silver eyes already had the distant figure in "His" sights. It was a figure wearing a papal tiara and a dark blue robe, exuding extreme oppression and tyranny. There was a grayish-white fog that had been blurred by the Tyrant's aura.

A river of flickering light appeared in "His" eyes, seeming to circle the Tyrant figure and the periphery of Calderon City.

Silently, the square houses and the pale-white columns stood up again despite being destroyed by the Lightning Storm from before. The charred legs of the giant blacksmith once again possessed a body as he appeared inside the tomb, striking at the anvil.

All of this returned to what it was like shortly after the Tyrant stepped in.

However, Klein in his pontiff attire had vanished. His two marionettes along with the remnant bubbles of the Spirit World Plunderer had vanished as well.

The corresponding figure was unable to return as the rebooted scene shattered, turning back to the desolate state after the battle.

Tail Devourer Ouroboros watched silently for a long while before making a move. The grayish-white swath that rose up from the depth of Calderon City slowly receded back down.

Above the gray fog, Klein slumped in the high-back chair of The Fool in exhaustion. He wasn't even able to get Enzo and Ludwell to massage him.

He had already thrown the Sea God Scepter back to the junk pile. The Tyrant card had left his soul body and was placed facing down beside the Black Emperor card. The Spirit World Plunderer's bubbles were floating ahead, with the Beyonder characteristic constantly seeping out before combining with the points of light.

After resting for a while, Klein saw grayish-white powder fall onto the mottled table's surface. Following that was a transparent item that seemed weightless.

The palm-sized item was formed from coiled maggots and roughly shaped like a human. Its interior was filled with a colorless liquid in which bubbles continually emerged, scattering flecks of black light.

Klein didn't dare examine it closely, for even more complex structures lay within the weightless, transparent object. They formed indescribable patterns and symbols that seemed to fuse knowledge, power, transformation, secrets, bizarreness, and madness, rendering those abstractions tangible.

This made Klein feel very dizzy. His mind was even on the verge of breaking down, with his soul almost losing control.

This is likely the Spirit World Plunderer's true soul body... I have the corresponding powder as well. There's about seventy grams, more than I need. It's more than I expected. Klein nodded almost imperceptibly and stored the powder in a box. He tossed it and the true soul body onto the junk pile, then covered them with the gray fog.

After completing this, he raised his hand to rub his temples and made a self-deprecating remark:

If not for the Sea God Scepter, the Spirit World Plunderer's assault probably would've forced me to leave Calderon City. I would then have waited until I had helpers and could devise the most reliable hunting plan possible, controlling the disturbance so as not to alarm the unknown entity in the core region...

Sigh, I was rash the entire time. Although the outcome was fine, it really doesn't suit my character. It's also completely at odds with the Seer pathway's acting. In the future, I should try to avoid using the Sea God Scepter in the outside world.

Uh... The Spirit World Plunderer has been successfully hunted. There's no need for me to get Miss Sharron's help. In a few days, I'll write to her so that she won't be thinking over this matter.

However, I have a premonition that I'll still be heading to Calderon City in the future. When that happens, perhaps I might still need Miss Sharron's help.

In addition, I have to seek out information on Bizarro Banes. I can't put all my hope on the City of Silver...

Amidst his thoughts, Klein directly returned to his body, without bringing his marionettes. He ended the ritual and headed straight for bed, falling asleep the moment his head hit the pillow.

"Escaped?" Soest looked at the man opposite him and asked Daly Simone who was carrying out a spirit channeling.

They had just finished their operation and had captured a few Numinous Episcopate members. However, the key personnel the intel pointed at, Hand of White Palenque Taciblius, wasn't at the secret gathering point.

He was a Sequence 4 demigod. Therefore, not only had the Red Gloves used a Grade 1 Sealed Artifact, they had even requested Goddess's Eye Ilya's help. It had all been futile.

Daly Simone nodded.

"Yes."

She then looked at the captive, suddenly speaking with an ethereal voice, "Where did Palenque Taciblius go?"

"H-he said he was going to meet someone," the Numinous Episcopate member answered slowly.

"Who is that person?" Daly Simone pressed. Leonard Mitchell and company also cast their gazes over.

The man who was being spirit channeled answered with an unperturbed voice, "Ince Zangwill."

Chapter 930: Former Organization

"Ince Zangwill."

Upon hearing the name, all the Red Gloves present fell silent. Not a single one spoke for a moment.

Ever since this former bishop betrayed the Church and fled, the Church of Evernight had never relaxed its pursuit. Archbishops and high-ranking deacons in important posts had taken turns leading the search, assisting one another and often carrying the relevant Sealed Artifacts everywhere in pursuit of clues. Ultimately, however, they were unable to lock onto Ince Zangwill. All manner of coincidences allowed him to slip away without so much as his shadow being spotted. Moreover, he had caused several major incidents that claimed the lives of many Nighthawks.

To the Church of Evernight, and especially the Nighthawks, he was both a hated enemy and a living insult!

Without realizing it, Leonard Mitchell had clenched the fists hanging at his sides, and his breathing had deepened.

He soon forced himself to extricate himself from the sudden emotions that emerged within him. He turned his attention to something else.

It was no wonder Dwayne Dantes was able to meet Ince Zangwill on Waypoint Island in the Berserk Sea. It was because the latter's goal was also the Southern Continent--East Balam!

Amid the silence, Daly Simone immediately used her Spirit Body to produce an ethereal voice. Her expression showed no obvious change, but a trace of coldness entered her words and her pace quickened:

"Where are they meeting?"

The Numinous Episcopate member shook his head blankly.

"I don't know."

Daly raised a few more questions, but she didn't get an ideal reply.

Finally, she took a step back and cast her eyes at the Red Gloves team captain, Soest.

Soest sighed and deliberated before saying, "First, we need to report this intelligence to Her Excellency, Goddess's Eye, and leave it to her to contact the Holy Cathedral. Ince, who possesses 0-08, isn't someone a Red Gloves team can handle.

"Second, we should continue the investigation and follow this clue concerning Palenque Taciblius. Let us hope we can determine Ince Zangwill's motives. Since we cannot track or lock onto him, understanding his motives is more important than knowing his location. Perhaps it will allow us to set a trap he has no choice but to enter.

"Finally, from now on, everyone is to take note of any coincidences. Regardless of the reason, they are to be reported to me!"

"Yes, Captain!" the Red Gloves replied in unison. Leonard remained silent as he turned to glance at Daly Simone. The Gatekeeper who called herself a Spirit Medium was equally silent, her gaze dark.

At the same time, he heard Pallez Zoroast's slightly-aged voice resound in his mind:

"Heh heh, from the looks of it, I'll be witnessing a game of pursuit and escape."

What does Old Man mean? Is he hinting at something? We just decided to start investigations on Ince Zangwill's motives, and it's already known by 0-08? Leonard looked away and suddenly had an idea.

If someone who was already dead secretly conducted the relevant investigation, would he be able to escape 0-08's notice?

After two hours of sleep, Klein rubbed his still throbbing head and slowly got out of bed.

Following that, he pulled the bell by the side of the door and waited for an attendant to arrive.

Before long, a native deliberately dressed in Loen attire--a white shirt and red vest--knocked on the door.

Klein twisted the handle and opened a tiny gap in the door. He instructed with a hoarse voice, "Send another lunch set to the room. I had my meal too early."

At that instant, he already looked like the tanned Enzo. As a gentleman living in a luxurious room with two servants, it was impossible for him to personally instruct the attendant at the door.

"Yes, sir. One lunch set. Any special requests?" The native attendant took out paper and a pen and began writing as he spoke in a rather peculiar Loenese accent.

Klein used an equally odd Loenese accent.

"Braised meat for the main course, accompanied by a glass of sparkling wine with ice and lemon."

"Do I include two servant meals?" the native attendant asked, following the usual procedure.

Klein was silent for two seconds before saying, "Yes."

After ending the conversation, he closed the door and quickly set up a ritual, bringing back Enzo and Ludwell from above the gray fog to the real world. As for Creeping Hunger and Word of the Sea, he temporarily left them in the junk pile. One of them was starving, and the other could hardly resist the urge to sing.

After Klein controlled the marionettes to clean up his room, a few attendants came to deliver lunch. Soon, the entire room was filled with the sounds of cutlery hitting the plate and a soft chewing sound.

After some time, Klein put down his cutlery, picked up his napkin, and wiped his mouth. In satisfaction, he leaned backward and shook his head helplessly.

"If this continues, I'll really become fat..."

The two marionettes had already lost the ability to eat, but to conceal that fact, Klein had no choice but to add servant meals. With him unwilling to see food go to waste, he could only try to eat as much as he could.

"...Thankfully, I'm a Faceless." Klein covered his mouth as he burped, then drank the last of the sparkling wine.

Only at this moment did he feel like he had recovered. He now had the energy to consider the various details of his trip to Calderon City.

The Marauder pathway is truly terrifying. A mere charm created from a Worm of Time can produce such incredible effects. It's obvious how terrifying Blasphemer Amon must be as a King of Angels. Even one of "His" avatars isn't easy to deal with... Thankfully, I didn't put on a brave front. I knew to imitate those with experience and fled directly to the Southern Continent...

The True Creator places great importance on me. "He" directly sent Tail Devourer Ouroboros rushing over...

This does have a feeling of traveling across time. The angels on ancient murals are just walking out and standing before me. Thankfully, I was still able to directly end the summoning.

Just as Klein thought of this, his expression sank as he discovered a serious problem:

Ouroboros is a King of Angels from the Monster pathway!

This also meant that "He" could directly see the uniqueness about him. "He" could see the grayish-white fog and see the illusory door formed of spherical lights and the transparent and translucent maggots that formed the spherical lights!

What does this actually imply? The Angel of Fate, who has survived since the Second Epoch, should know something, and the True Creator probably knows even more... Could "They" tell that I'm the master of the mysterious space above the gray fog? Regardless, the importance "They" place on me will rise! Klein clenched his right fist and brought it to his mouth, pondering what actions the Aurora Order or Rose Redemption might take.

He felt lucky that, be it Rose Redemption or the Aurora Order, they had yet to lock onto any of The Fool's believers.

However, during the chaotic battle outside Bayam, when he was still active as Gehrman Sparrow, he had thrown out the Tinder glove corrupted by the True Creator in an attempt to attract a saint from the Aurora Order. This might very well have placed the crazy adventurer on their list of suspects.

The clues extending outward from Gehrman Sparrow lead to Admiral of Stars, Vice Admiral Iceberg, Danitz, and Anderson. The Aurora Order will investigate all of them. I have to warn them. Klein slowly exhaled and stood, preparing to head above the gray fog.

From his point of view, the pursuit of Gehrman Sparrow by the military, Church of Storms, Rose School of Thought, and Numinous Episcopate were all different. The True Creator's believers were rather crazy and had a King of Angels, a leader who was good at prying into the secrets of fate, active in the real world. This way, it didn't matter if Cattleya and company were at sea, making it difficult to be locked on. There was still the risk of them being found.

Among them, Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina and the Fog Sea's Strongest Hunter Anderson weren't people Klein was worried too much about. They knew little, nothing that pointed towards the core problem. Nothing much would happen aside from the need to consider whether the bunch of lunatics of the Aurora Order would employ extreme methods in the interrogation process.

West Balam, Northern State. In Cookawa City, ruled by Maysanchez, Danitz suddenly stopped chewing his roasted meat. He heard Mr. Fool relay a warning from Gehrman Sparrow.

"Be careful of the Numinous Episcopate. Be careful of the Aurora Order, especially the latter. Pay special attention. Also, warn Anderson Hood as well as Edwina Edwards."

Be careful of the Numinous Episcopate... Be careful of the Aurora Order... How many has it been... The military, Church of Storms, Church of Evernight, Rose School of Thought... What did Gehrman Sparrow do? Why has he offended so many factions? Dogsh*t! Danitz's expression froze before grimacing.

He had no idea that the strongest person of the seven pirate admirals had changed.

Opposite him, Anderson put down the knife he used to slice meat, pricked up his brows, and curiously asked, "Have you recalled something?"

Danitz secretly took a deep breath and asked after some deliberation, "Have you heard of the Aurora Order?"

He wasn't sure if Anderson knew. After all, the Aurora Order was a rather secretive organization in the beginning. Its reputation was later built up in the Loen Kingdom.

Anderson chuckled.

"I'm actually more surprised that you know of them. Did your captain tell you?"

Without waiting for Danitz to answer, he combed his short hair with his finger and continued, "They believe that the Creator is omnipresent. Everything has godhood. They believe that life is nothing but a spiritual journey. As long as one is willing to listen to their preachings, understand, discover, and gather the godhood, they will eventually become angels to transcend reality.

"Such an idea doesn't sound bad, but that's not the main point. The main point is that they believe in the True Creator..."

Upon hearing that, Danitz couldn't help but jeer:

"You know quite a bit, just slightly less than I know."

Anderson immediately curled the ends of his mouth and said with a beaming smile, "Of course.

"I once joined an organization in Intis. They hoped to change society, the world, to make the supernatural no longer secret and to be out in the open for everyone to see, so as to become true rulers.

"They're called the Iron and Blood Cross Order, and they also believe in the True Creator."

Danitz's expression froze as cold sweat oozed out of his forehead.

Chapter 931: New Method of Acquiring Intel

Glancing at Danitz's expression, Anderson continued as though he didn't notice a thing.

"However, their brains appear to have been eaten by zombies. They were fervent to the point of stupidity. They didn't adhere to my sense of aesthetics. So after cheating them of their things, I quit.

"Eh, why is your face so pale? You're even sweating. Did you get heatstroke? As a Hunter, shouldn't adapting to the environment be an instinctive ability?"

Danitz lifted his right hand and wiped his sweat. Cursing inwardly, he forced a smile and said, "I've heard that once someone believes in an evil god, it's almost impossible to escape the faith."

As he spoke, he raised his chin slightly, looking as though he were contemplating the circumstances of his future death. It didn't cross his mind that Gehrman Sparrow had just offended the Aurora Order and was being targeted by the True Creator's believers. Nor did he make the connection that he himself believed in a suspected evil god, The Fool.

"Well said," Anderson replied with a smile that didn't have the slightest hint of gloom. "It's not like I have any true faith. Back then, the incantations I said were lines I modified from the God of Knowledge and Wisdom. Since they don't really enjoy using their brains, no--they don't even have that. As long as you superficially appear devout, any random excuse can be used to fool them."

Without waiting for Danitz to pursue the subject, he asked, "Why are you suddenly asking about the Aurora Order?"

Danitz bit into his roasted meat, then slowly chewed and swallowed. After a deliberate pause of twenty or thirty seconds, he said, "I just remembered something. For some reason, the Aurora Order has identified Gehrman Sparrow as a high-priority target for elimination. Oh, right, there's also the Numinous Episcopate. And both you and I are known to have ties to him."

"You want me to be wary of the Aurora Order and the Numinous Episcopate?" Anderson nodded in realization and chuckled. "You've mentioned similar things recently. The Rose School of Thought, the Church of Storms, the Loen military... Man, sometimes even I think Gehrman Sparrow is better suited to being a Hunter than I am."

Danitz could hardly retort as he nodded heavily in agreement.

Anderson thought for a moment, then abruptly changed the subject:

"What do you plan on doing here in West Balam? Helping Gehrman Sparrow with something?"

At the question, Danitz fell silent for a moment. He put down what he was holding and leisurely straightened his clothes.

"Investigate the faith of the different classes of West Balam."

This was what he and Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina had decided after their discussion. In plain terms, it meant investigating the activities of West Balam's various secret organizations and factions.

Of course, this also included making preliminary contact with the local ruling powers and determining whether they wished to purchase firearms.

"Investigate the faith of the different classes of West Balam..." Anderson repeated Danitz's words as he reflectively raised his right hand to rub his temples as though he had a headache.

After the Tarot Gathering ended, Klein warned Admiral of Stars to be mindful of the Aurora Order's and Numinous Episcopate's "investigations," advising her that seeking the Moses Ascetic Order's help would be her best option. He then busied himself completing the three-party transaction between The World, The Moon, and The Sun, receiving 5,000 pounds in return.

After dinner, he read the newspapers with an unlit, disguised smoking pipe clenched between his teeth. Then he saw Miss Messenger step out of the void to deliver a letter.

Leonard's... Klein reached out to receive it and noticed that Reinette Tinekerr didn't stay at all. She had rapidly returned to the spirit world.

From this, he determined that Leonard Mitchell had already paid the delivery fee. He reached out with his other hand and unfolded the letter.

"Ince Zangwill has appeared in East Balam. He's suspected to have met with Palenque Taciblius from the Numinous Episcopate's Artificial Death faction..."

Ince Zangwill... Klein ruminated over the name as he slowly leaned back into his reclining chair.

In the letter, Leonard asked him to conduct a secret investigation into Ince Zangwill's motives.

But the problem is that 0-08 has the characteristic that "any mention of it will be known." Knowing about it also means being known by it. Besides, it's adept at arranging coincidences, making people follow its direction without even realizing it... Under such circumstances, it would be very difficult to investigate Ince Zangwill without attracting 0-08's notice. Not only would there be no chance of success, but I could easily expose myself... As Klein pondered, he had Enzo stand behind him and massage his shoulders.

He reread Leonard Mitchell's letter, hoping to find more clues and possible avenues of investigation among those few words.

East Balam... Numinous Episcopate... Artificial Death... Palenque Taciblius... Why is Ince Zangwill seeking them out? Is he trying to find allies for the royal family faction, the true mastermind behind the Great Smog of Backlund?

Artificial Death... Artificial Death...

As Klein thought, he suddenly recalled that there was a matter that no one knew other than himself and Mr. Azik.

The Evernight Goddess had gained preliminary control of the Death pathway's Uniqueness--in other words, Artificial Death. At present, "She" was usurping, digesting, and wielding the corresponding authority!

In other words, the Numinous Episcopate's Artificial Death faction's target of belief was, in a way, the Evernight Goddess. After the authority was fully transferred and seized, they were bound to suffer a purge before slowly merging with the Church of Evernight. Or they might continue their work, making contact with the other Numinous Episcopate factions and other secret factions while unnoticeably cooperating with the Nighthawks.

To Klein, that wasn't important. What mattered was something mentioned in an ancient text he had found:

To artificially create Death, a number of Numinous Episcopate members had to pray to the Uniqueness daily, as though it was a true deity. It was an attempt to slowly awaken its sentience and allow it to come to life.

Of course, this was only one part of the overall plan which wasn't critical.

Then, could it be possible that when Palenque Taciblius prayed to Artificial Death, he had mentioned Ince Zangwill's motives and had sought blessings?

But he will probably never imagine that Artificial Death has already been controlled by the Evernight Goddess. Although it hasn't become part of "Her" manifestation, it has already lost its "freedom."

From this perspective, directly setting up a ritual to pray to the Goddess might allow him to learn Ince Zangwill's motives... That's entirely possible! The more Klein thought about it, the more certain he became that his seemingly ridiculous plan would succeed.

And as for the reason why this could become a reality:

It was because the enemy's "leader" was their "spy"!

After having Enzo stop massaging him, Klein slowly rose and paced about, considering whether he should make the attempt and, if so, how.

Ince Zangwill is a traitor of the Church. He's an insult to all Nighthawks. If there's a chance to wipe him out, the Goddess should be very willing to see it happen. "She" wouldn't mind providing some help...

But the Goddess is now at a critical stage in seizing Artificial Death's authority. "She" hasn't been able to answer prayers for a long time and can only respond to ordinary ritualistic magic. Besides, I lack the corresponding materials...

Also, I've been constantly warning myself to be on guard. I must not fully trust and rely on the Goddess... On second thoughts, directly praying to "Her" to obtain a revelation might not be too good. I hope to maintain a safe distance... Amidst his thoughts, Klein felt a little hesitant.

He began letting his thoughts wander in a bid to find a more acceptable plan.

Suddenly, he had a more ridiculous idea.

Directly pray to Artificial Death!

This actually posed no danger. This was because Artificial Death wasn't able to respond to prayers and rituals. If there was any feedback, it meant that it was essentially controlled by the Evernight Goddess. On the other hand, Klein had the feather produced and left behind from the Artificial Death Project. He also had Azik's copper whistle. He didn't need to spend too much time to gather the ingredients needed to set up a ritual for a revelation!

In addition, there's a layer in between us. I'm not directly contacting the Goddess. Perhaps, this might even help "Her" further seize Artificial Death's authority. Klein consoled himself as he began busying himself.

He first used a sacrificial and bestowment ritual to bring the two remaining feathers, some Full Moon Essence Oil, night vanilla powder, and other items he hadn't used in a while back to the real world. Then he modified the sacrificial altar and completed the first stage of his preparations. After all, he was essentially praying to the Evernight Goddess, so he couldn't be bothered to go out and buy ritual materials from the Death domain.

This was essentially the same as other normal ritualistic magic. With great familiarity, Klein lit the candles, dripped some essential oils, and drew the symbols for "human" and "concealment" on an artificial goatskin. Then, in the thin fog that spread, he pressed Azik's copper whistle over it.

Immediately after that, he placed the white feather stained with pale yellow oil stains inside the silver bowl that had burning herbal powder. He then watched it curl without any signs of it turning black.

After exhaling silently, Klein took a step back and chanted in Hermes:

"You are the essence of death;

"You are the lord of the dead;

"You are the final home of all living beings.

"I pray for your help; I pray that you reveal Ince Zangwill's motives for contacting the Numinous Episcopate."

As soon as he spoke those words, the three candle flames swelled and brightened significantly, though they were tinged dark green. The surroundings turned cold and eerie.

Klein closed his eyes and entered Cogitation for thirty seconds, feeling uneasy. He walked in front of the altar, picked up the Full Moon Essence Oil and dripped one drop onto each of the three candles.

After doing this, he took away Azik's copper whistle, grabbed the artificial goatskin, and moved it close to the candlelight representing "himself." When it ignited, he threw it into the silver bowl.

With a whoosh, the white feather which didn't show any signs of damage soared with pale-white flames, covering the entire silver bowl and obstructing Klein's vision.

About three seconds later, the fire subsided, leaving a mound of powder in the silver bowl.

The powder moved without the help of any wind, forming one word after another:

"Possessed by an evil spirit. Requires exorcism."

Chapter 932: Thin-Skinned

...The Goddess really replied... Upon seeing the words formed by the powder, Klein's first reaction had nothing to do with the content. Instead, he was shocked that this seemingly ridiculous thing had happened.

Although he was already mentally prepared and had believed that the chance of success was rather high, he still felt conflicting emotions. It took him almost a minute to accept it.

After a while, Klein exhaled slowly, raised his right hand, and tapped his chest four times in a clockwise manner.

"Praise the Lady!"

He then ended the ritual, forcing himself to focus his attention on the revelation itself.

Possessed by an evil spirit. Requires exorcism?

Ince Zangwill was actually possessed by an evil spirit? He had advanced from Sequence 9 to Sequence 5 of the Death pathway. The godhood he obtained at the critical stage was also that of Sequence 4 Nightwatcher of the Evernight pathway, which excelled at dealing with Spirit Body-type creatures. Evil spirits and wraiths should be afraid of him, so how did he end up possessed?

That's unless the evil spirit's level is extremely high or, at its core, is very special.

Unfortunately, I've only met one evil spirit in the truest sense of the word. It's that ancient evil spirit sealed in the underground ruins of Alista Tudor. I know little about such monsters, so it's difficult for me to grasp the details. Hmm, I can write to ask Miss Sharron. I can also get Little Sun to find out more. That Shepherd Elder Lovia had Grazed an evil spirit...

It's no wonder Ince Zangwill is trying to meet a demigod of the Numinous Episcopate. When it comes to exorcising evil spirits, aside from the Church of Evernight and Church of the Eternal Blazing Sun, the best would probably be the Numinous Episcopate. Uh, there's probably the Church of the God of Combat as well. Neighboring pathways often have similar traits.

There's also one point that can be gleaned from this. Ince Zangwill doesn't wish for his possessed state to be known by the royal family faction and the Demoness Sect who are in cahoots with him. Otherwise, there's no need for him to come all the way to the Southern Continent! The two factions existed before the Fifth Epoch, and they have a long legacy. It's quite unlikely that they don't have a Sealed Artifact that can remove or exorcise evil spirits. Even if they can't find one, getting the Demoness Sect to contact the Numinous Episcopate is definitely safer and more covert than getting Ince Zangwill to make the trip himself...

As his thoughts raced, Klein unfolded a piece of paper and wrote:

"The intelligence you provided allowed me to connect certain clues I had previously gathered. With the help of a certain great existence, they point to a clear conclusion:

"Ince Zangwill is possessed by an evil spirit, and he's seeking the Numinous Episcopate's help.

"Just based on this fact alone, we can make several useful judgments:

"Ince Zangwill will often display inconsistencies in his words and actions. He will deviate from his normal course, doing things we would consider absolutely impossible for him and making mistakes we find incomprehensible. Until this problem is resolved, he will remain in contact with the Numinous Episcopate. That contact might even become more frequent...

"Making investigations based on this might allow us to catch Ince Zangwill by the tail. However, I believe we still wouldn't be able to lock onto him. The creation of coincidences from that Grade 0 Sealed Artifact is insurmountable."

Upon writing this, Klein couldn't help but recall his direct encounter with Ince Zangwill.

Klein's investigations hadn't pointed directly to Ince Zangwill, but they had nearly caused the plot to fail. Hence, Ince Zangwill had personally taken action, calling down a meteor in an attempt to kill Sherlock Moriarty and erase every clue. In the end, Klein had received Mr. Azik's help and escaped the dire situation, forcing Ince Zangwill into the open and exposing him.

Back then, if Mr. Azik had recovered his former strength, Ince Zangwill might already be dead... But recreating such a situation and forcing him to appear before me would still be extremely difficult. After all, there was not only Mr. Azik, a Death Consul, and my use of the gray fog to thwart the coincidences, but also Trissy Cheek and the ring suspected of being a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact. If she hadn't suddenly escaped, Ince Zangwill wouldn't have been forced to act personally... Klein deliberated as he wrote:

"If we can determine the evil spirit's origins and primary goals, the situation might change in our favor..."

After writing the matters regarding Ince Zangwill, Klein's heart stirred. Just as he was about to mention something else, he stopped his pen after writing the first few letters. He raised his left hand and pinched his cheeks. He appeared to be in a serious dilemma and seemed a little embarrassed.

After muttering silently a few times, Klein finally smoothly wrote the rest:

"Even without that Grade 0 Sealed Artifact's help, Ince Zangwill is an enemy you and I are unable to face head-on. We need to make plenty of preparations.

"If you can provide me with some Worms of Time, I can use them to create high-level charms that can deal with demigods. It's called a 'Fate Siphon' charm. It can swap the fates of yourself and the target for a short period of time."

Without taking a second look, Klein put down his fountain pen, quickly folded the letter, and solemnly sealed it in an envelope.

He then took out the adventurer's harmonica and a gold coin before summoning Miss Messenger. He got her to take away the reply letter to Leonard Mitchell, but this time, it wasn't addressed to 7 Pinster Street. Instead, it was directly sent to Leonard's present address. With Leonard having just written the letter, Klein didn't believe that he had moved out of Reinette Tinekerr's detection range.

After doing all of this, Klein heaved a sigh of relief as he shook his head slightly.

Requesting the help of others is really a difficult task. It's even more so for someone as thin-skinned as me.

He quickly retracted his attention and once again modified Enzo's and Ludwell's appearances. After all, they had been seen by Angel of Fate Ouroboros during their exploration of Calderen City.

During this process, Klein suddenly had an idea. He planned on "sending" them above the gray fog and using the Spirit World Plunderer's true soul body for a disguise!

The Spirit World Plunderer could make its soul avatars assume the form of its true soul body, and it could also disguise them as other spirit world creatures. The Beyonder ingredient it left behind had to possess similar abilities. However, it would be difficult to use, its effects would be poor, and its negative effects would be enormous!

However, this wasn't a problem for Klein who possessed the mysterious space above the gray fog. After all, he didn't plan on using the Beyonder ingredient for actual combat. Doing some changes to his marionette didn't require too many smooth operations and great effects. Furthermore, this could be slowly adjusted. As for the negative effects that came from the godhood, it wasn't something to consider. Who wasn't obedient when left in the junk pile?

After a series of preparations, Klein sat in The Fool's high-backed chair. In his hand was the palm-sized true soul body of the Spirit World Plunderer. Without lowering his head to examine it, he extended his spirituality into it bit by bit.

The scene before him didn't change much. It was still filled with dense, illusory black Spirit Body Threads. However, when he tried to control them, he discovered that he could not only manipulate his marionettes' Spirit Body Threads but also extend his own threads into their bodies.

Once this two-way connection was established, Klein suddenly felt as though he and his marionette were one. He could channel all his Beyonder powers through the Spirit Body Threads and enact them upon the other party, including his ability to change his appearance and physique!

During the slow and difficult process, Klein grew groggy, his emotions descending into chaos. He began to show signs of losing control.

This was an inevitable outcome from having his spirituality make direct contact with godhood.

He hurriedly diverted some attention to stir some of the powers of the mysterious space above the gray fog, and he restored his condition back to its normal state.

After enduring the torment, Klein finished his attempt. Enzo had transformed into a Southern Continent native that looked like he came from a plantation. Ludwell had a mixed-blood feel to him. His ghastly face was no longer more bone than flesh. Instead, there was a plumpness to it. As for the silver mask that had the effect of placating the soul, there was no way of removing it for the time being. All Klein could do was let it stick to Ludwell's chest. This still had a certain level of effect, but it was inferior to wearing it on his face. It could barely maintain the status quo.

Unfortunately, there's no way to change this mask into other types of accessories. Otherwise, it would save me quite a bit of trouble. As Klein rushed to throw the Spirit World Plunderer's true soul body back onto the junk pile, he rubbed his temples and allowed his thoughts to wander. Right, I still have a Soul Assurer Beyonder characteristic here that can be made into a mystical item to replace that mask... No, I've always planned on returning it to the Church. I'll mail it to him when Leonard replies.

After the discomfort slowly subsided, Klein took out his golden pocket watch and opened it to check the time.

Following that, he summoned a paper figurine and stirred some of the powers of the mysterious space above the gray fog. He then threw both into a specially labeled point of light.

It was the point of light representing The Fool's only believer at present--Danitz!

From Klein's point of view, Admiral of Stars Cattleya had the Moses Ascetic Order backing her. Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina was from the Church of Knowledge and Wisdom. Anderson Hood didn't know much about Gehrman Sparrow, and being good at identifying the situation he was in, he wasn't one to put on a brave front. Therefore, when the Aurora Order did an "investigation," it was unlikely that they would be in grave danger. Danitz was the only exception. With him in West Balam and not able to return to the Golden Dream anytime soon, his lacking strength, and him often wearing the boxing glove that made him act rashly, it was truly worrisome.

Due to this fact, Mr. Fool had to work a little harder. He gave Danitz a Paper Angel's embrace every day at a fixed time, so as to disrupt any divination or prophecies about him.

Leonard never expected Klein Moretti to reply that quickly. With some level of incredulity, he opened the envelope and read the corresponding content.

"Due to a particular great existence's help... Is he referring to The Fool?

"Indeed, Klein's investigations into Ince Zangwill has already reached a significant depth. He has already figured out the truth the moment I mentioned the Numinous Episcopate...

"Possessed by an evil spirit? How did he end up being possessed by an evil spirit?

"How do we make use of it?

"Worms of Time... This..." Leonard quickly scanned through the last part of the letter as his expression suddenly became complicated.

In his mind, Pallez Zoroast maintained his silence without saying a word.

Chapter 933: Evil Spirits' Common Trait

After a while, Leonard cleared his throat, an unconscious smile appearing on his face. He said in a restrained voice, "Old Man, Klein's... suggestion seems pretty good. It's very... very feasible. The effects should be quite substantial. Why don't you consider it?

"Didn't you mention that you would do your best to help me exact revenge?

"Haha, I thought Worms of Time could only be used for avatars and act as support..."

He rambled on while Pallez Zoroast remained silent. Only after some time did "He" sigh softly and say, "I can give you no more than two Worms of Time."

Without waiting for Leonard to speak, "He" added, "To take revenge on a demigod who wields a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact, what matters most is still your own level and strength. Otherwise, even with a high-level charm, you won't have a chance to use it."

Leonard wiped away his smile and nodded seriously. "I'll do my best to digest my potion.

"If you finish digesting it but fail to accumulate enough contribution points, I'll help you find the Beyonder ingredients needed for Spirit Warlock."

Leonard wasn't disappointed that there would only be two Worms of Time. They were already an unexpected windfall; even one would have been a tremendous boon. With two, he and Klein could split them, each receiving one Fate Siphon charm.

After expressing his attitude, he asked in puzzlement, "Old Man, do you think Klein has already used the previous Worm of Time as a charm?"

He remembered very clearly that, back when they were figuring out who Emlyn White was supporting, Old Man had parasitized Tinder with a Worm of Time. Later, it lost contact and failed to be of any use. Now, on retrospection, just Emlyn White's and Sherlock Moriarty's close relationship made it easy for him to figure out the truth. The Worm of Time had been eliminated by the upper echelons of the secret organization or even The Fool "Himself." Furthermore, there was a high chance that it had been bestowed to Klein. Otherwise, his former colleague wouldn't have known of the existence of the Worm of Time.

Pallez Zoroast immediately scoffed.

"If he hasn't already used it and seen its effects, why would he raise the issue and ask for more?

"Alright. I need to separate the Worms of Time. This will make me fall asleep for at least two weeks. If you have any questions, find someone to answer them by yourself."

With that said, not giving Leonard a chance to raise further questions, "He" scattered his spirituality and created a blob of light that hung "high" inside Leonard's mind as though "He" didn't wish to speak.

Leonard's instinctive response was to chuckle dryly. He turned his attention back to Klein Moretti's letter and carefully read it again.

Possessed by an evil spirit... The origins and primary goals of the evil spirit...

I don't know much about evil spirits. Nothing comes to mind...

After a few minutes of thought, Leonard took out a matchbox and burned the letter. Then, he left the room which the local Nighthawks had assigned him at the last minute. He came to a room diagonally opposite his and knocked on the door.

Before long, Daly, who hadn't removed her blue eyeshadow and blush, opened the door and pricked up her eyebrows.

"When did a Sleepless have the courage to knock on a lady's door at a time highly associated with a bed?"

"Ahem. I have some questions I'd like to consult you about." Leonard clearly didn't dare respond to Daly's remark and immediately stated the reason for his visit.

Daly sized him up and chuckled.

"I'm not responsible for counseling minors."

As she spoke, she made way and allowed Leonard to enter her room.

Not daring to let his gaze wander, he casually pulled over a round stool and sat down. Then he went straight to the point:

"Ma'am, I'd like to know more about evil spirits.

"You're a Sequence 5 of the Death pathway. You have higher clearance than I do. You should know quite a lot."

"Why are you asking me this?" Daly propped herself with her hands on the edge of the table behind her.

Without waiting for him to reply, she continued, "Most evil spirits are formed from dead High-Sequence Beyonders. A small number are wraiths that have broken through various restrictions after encountering certain opportunities.

"The first situation is more common. After High-Sequence Beyonders consume a potion and obtain godhood, their Soul Bodies undergo a fundamental mutation. This allows their Soul Bodies to persist after death or the dissipation of their powers. They retain a certain degree of divinity, making them rather terrifying. The second situation is no different at a fundamental level.

"Normally speaking, evil spirits will weaken with the passage of time until they completely dissipate. However, they can also assimilate into the region where they were born, making the spirit world and even the Underworld fuse with it. They then extract power from this to maintain their existence.

"Therefore, many evil spirits have their own territory and active range. It's not that they do not wish to leave, but they can't. The only exception is when they accumulate sufficient power, allowing their existence to experience a fundamental change."

Leonard habitually crossed his right leg over his left and pressed in thought, "Can evil spirits leave their territory by possessing a person?"

"Yes, but ordinary humans and most Beyonders can't withstand the draining effect evil spirits have on their bodies. They quickly lose their spirituality and body heat and can't last long." As Daly spoke, she raised a hand and pointed at herself. "The best method is to rely on a Beyonder of the Death pathway. Of course, they must be at least Sequence 5, because beginning with Gatekeeper, we possess a prison for dead spirits within our bodies. It can be considered a miniature Underworld, providing an evil spirit with a suitable environment in which to exist. Once you become a Spirit Warlock, you'll possess similar powers, though yours will focus more on sealing and inducing slumber than on an internal Underworld. Heh heh, those natural spirits and wraiths are truly troublesome when they come and go."

Ince Zangwill's Sequence 5 is Gatekeeper... It's no wonder that the evil spirit can possess him for long periods of time. Or could it be that he failed at an attempt to enslave an evil spirit? Leonard's thoughts opened up as he immediately made connections.

He deliberated for a few seconds before asking, "What sort of needs does an evil spirit have?"

"Needs? Singing? Dancing? Poetry? Men? Women? The Sea of Stars?" Daly returned with a question, amused.

Leonard realized that his choice of words was problematic and awkwardly ruffled his hair.

"I mean, what desires will an evil spirit have?"

"That depends on what it desired while alive. Generally speaking, the remnant spirit inherits the original person's obsessions without the rationality to temper them. If it were you, the evil spirit might attempt to write poetry, imprison an audience, and seek their approval. Or it might behave ostentatiously, like the protagonist of a play," Daly joked. "However, regardless of what it was in life, every evil spirit commonly desires two things."

"What are they?" Leonard turned attentive.

Daly shot a glance at him and said, "First, it's to feed on the souls of living creatures. This can pleasure them, an innate pleasure that stems from the need to maintain their existence. In addition, a large number of souls will allow them to escape the restrictions of their territory and active range. It will replace the power provided by the spirit world and Underworld.

"Second, it's to seek out Beyonder ingredients from their pathway while they were alive. Through this, they could create another foundation. At a certain stage, the evil spirit would no longer need to draw on the powers of the spirit world and Underworld. They would no longer be restricted by their territories or active range. In a sense, they would have transformed into a special spirit world creature."

Leonard seemed to realize something as he thought.

"This also means that evil spirits can consume Sequence potions?"

"No. Sequence potions are created for human consumption to reduce the risk of losing control. Many supernatural creatures have no need for them and can consume the raw ingredients directly. This is especially true of evil spirits. Their obsessions, cruelty, ferocity, and hunger for souls leave them half-mad to begin with. There is no need to moderate anything else. Furthermore, they are Spirit Bodies, so they consume ingredients through direct accommodation and gradual digestion." Daly corrected Leonard's misconception.

This... To the evil spirit that possesses Ince Zangwill, whenever it has the upper hand, it will control the body to seek out Beyonder ingredients of its pathway while it was alive! Leonard was first surprised before he had an idea. He said in a pleasant surprise, "I understand. Thank you for answering my questions."

With that said, he hesitated for a few seconds and asked after some deliberation, "Ma'am, I believe we shouldn't just figure out the motives behind Ince Zangwill's meeting with the Numinous Episcopate demigod, but we also need to track his trajectory since Backlund to East Balam. We need to know what he did midway, what items he found. This might lead us to effective clues."

Daly suddenly fell silent before she pricked up her brows and said, "Well said.

"But what does this have to do with evil spirits?"

"Nothing. I raised the question so as to make preparations because I believe that since we are investigating the Numinous Episcopate, we might encounter evil spirits. The latter half was a suggestion I wished to make after the break. I just wished to talk to you about it beforehand." Leonard's mind raced as he slowed down his speech and fabricated an excuse on the spot.

Daly listened in silence and chuckled.

"If you put this much effort into inventing stories for other girls, with those looks of yours, you won't remain single for long.

"Unfortunately, I'm not a clueless girl. Alright, there's no need to explain further. Leave."

Leonard rose awkwardly without trying to press his point, then walked toward the door.

Just as he gripped the handle, Daly's slightly ethereal voice sounded behind him:

"I don't know what secret you're hiding, nor do I know what you know. None of that matters.

"But when it comes to Ince Zangwill, if you need any help or aid, you can find me."

Leonard paused for two seconds as his mouth quivered. He then pulled open the door and walked out.

City of Silver.

Derrick Berg had received the order to join an expedition team. Leading it was Chief Colin Iliad. Their target was Nois City. It was in a northern city's ruins where the Shapeshifter and other terrifying creatures lived!

Chapter 934: 1+1 > 2

Ever since the information about the suspected Bizarro Bane-Shapeshifter-was given to Mr. World, Derrick constantly believed that the latter might one day entrust him with a mission for the corresponding ingredients. However, his strength was lacking. Even with his friends, it was impossible for him to complete the hunt. Furthermore, such expeditions needed to go through the six-member council. Private teams were unable to wander too far from the City of Silver. Therefore, all he could do was temporarily suppress it deep down. From time to time, it was used to motivate him to advance quicker.

To his surprise, it didn't take long before an expedition team headed for Nois City was set up. Leading the team was Chief Colin Iliad!

Combining his previous discussion with Mr. Hanged Man, Miss Justice, and company at the recent Tarot Gathering, Derrick quickly came up with a theory:

During the exploration of the former Chiefs mausoleum, Mr. Fool had provided a certain level of help to the present Chief, allowing him to foil the Fallen Creator's ploy and successfully resolve certain matters. Hence, noticing his search for information, the Demon Hunter had decided to hunt a Shapeshifter to please the deity!

"This is a necessary way to curry favor, and is also a kind of equivalent exchange..." The Hanged Man's words resounded in Derrick's mind. It made him no longer puzzled over the matter. So, taking the opportunity before he set out, he prayed to Mr. Fool and requested "Him" to inform Mr. World of this expedition.

He quickly received a response and heard Mr. World say:

"If hunting the Bizarro Bane proves difficult or dangerous, the requirements can be lowered. Attempt to extract its blood.

"As long as you obtain it, I'll trade you the Priest of Light Beyonder characteristic for it."

Priest of Light's Beyonder characteristics? Mr. World already has the Priest of Light Beyonder characteristic? Or could it be that he has locked onto a target and will quickly be able to obtain it? With the Chiefs strength and the teamwork of the expedition team, there's a high chance of success if it's just extracting the blood... Derrick felt relieved as he held Thunder God's Roar and left his residence, heading straight for the training field.

Just as he arrived at his destination, he saw Chief Colin Iliad. The latter carried two swords on his back. He was tall and staid, leaving anyone who saw him at ease.

And beside this Demon Hunter was another person. She was wearing a black robe with purple patterns, and she had long, curly, silver-gray hair-Shepherd Lovia.

Lovia, who was apparently participating in this expedition, turned her head as her pale gray eyes reflected Derrick Berg's figure. However, there was only calm in her eyes.

Derrick felt a baffling sense of alarm as he involuntarily slowed down his pace.

East Balam, above the gray fog.

Klein deeply approved of the City of Silver's Chief's organization of an expedition to Nois City. He also informed Little Sun that there was no need to take risks. All he needed was some blood of the target for the completion of the mission.

When the time came, he could smear the blood over Groselle's Travels, bring all his gear, and challenge the Bizarro Bane on his turf; thus, obtaining the Beyonder ingredients he needed.

Klein had also considered the possibility of whether Groselle's Travels's ability to swallow people into the book's world was screened by the uniqueness of the Forsaken Land of the Gods. He had also come up with a solution. It was to bestow Little Sun with Groselle's Travels. After achieving the goal, he could get Little Sun to sacrifice it back.

In addition, he wasn't worried about the Bizarro Bane lacking blood because of its nature as a spirit world creature. This was because the Bizarro Sorcerer potion formula clearly wrote:

"Supplementary ingredients: 200 ml of a Bizarro Bane's blood..."

There are always more solutions than problems... Klein muttered in satisfaction before returning to the real world.

Before sleeping, he received a reply from Leonard Mitchell. It mentioned that it would take another day for the Worm of Time, and he described the monsters known as evil spirits in detail.

Another day before they can be provided, and there will be two of them. The grandpa in Leonard's body has quite a good attitude... Unable to leave their territory, limited in their range of activity... Their common traits are devouring the souls of living creatures and desiring Beyonder ingredients from the pathway they followed in life... This also means that when the evil spirit gains control of Ince Zangwill's body, it will seek out the corresponding ingredients and Beyonder characteristics. This is indeed a direction worth investigating. Klein held the letter as he read and pondered.

Suddenly, he recalled something:

Back when he encountered Ince Zangwill on Waypoint Island in the Berserk Sea, the latter had been pursued by a powerful demigod from the Hunter pathway!

Could... Could it be a result of that evil spirit?

I previously imagined that Ince Zangwill had received a commission by some faction in the royal family, and did something that targeted the Intis Republic, only to have a mistake happen; thus exposing himself and getting pursued by their powerhouses...

From the looks of it, there might be another possibility... That evil spirit desires the Beyonder characteristics of the Hunter pathway, and when it could control Ince Zangwill's body, it attempted to hunt Beyonders of the same pathway. This might've succeeded or failed. In short, the result was that he was targeted by a powerful demigod from the Hunter pathway. He pursued him the entire journey with his intuition as a hunter. The more Klein thought about it, the more convinced he was that his theory was close to reality.

This was the only way to explain why Ince Zangwill, who wielded 0-08, was discovered!

At this moment, Enzo and Ludwell were kneeling down, massaging Klein's legs.

For now, I can assume it's an evil spirit of the Hunter pathway. I'll write back to Leonard later and have him steer the investigation in that direction. Eh, this fellow isn't a great actor, nor does he have much psychological experience. I wonder if he'll end up exposing himself. Perhaps he'll explain it away with some nonexistent informant... Hunter pathway evil spirit. Hunter pathway evil spirit... Klein's eyes suddenly widened, and he abruptly sat up, leaving his two marionettes at a loss.

There weren't many evil spirits he knew, and he had only seen one; however, that one happened to be from the Hunter pathway!

It was Red Angel Medici's main body, combined with the remnant psyches of the two Sequence 1 angels from the Sauron and Einhorn families!

When it came to the Hunter pathway, there was no evil spirit that was of an even higher level. That was unless Blood Emperor Alista Tudor still had his psyche remaining.

Previously, Ince Zangwill was in Backlund. That evil spirit, who I'm not sure if I should call Medici, was also in Backlund.

Later, that evil spirit escaped the seal, and its whereabouts are unknown. As for Ince Zangwill, he suffered from the possession of an evil spirit.

Both sides are evil spirits from the Hunter pathway...

This... Could the one possessing Ince Zangwill be the Red Angel evil spirit? Klein frowned bit by bit, almost finding his theory unbelievable. However, he found it very possible!

As his thoughts raced, he found another indirect piece of evidence:

The unique trait of 0-08 is that once you know it, it will also know you. And as a King of Angels who survived from the Second Epoch, Red Angel Medici probably knows all kinds of details about 0-08!

In other words, as long as the evil spirit attempted to recall anything related to 0-08, 0-08 would know of it and establish a connection.

Right, there was that sentence: "Pleasure working with you" ...No way... But the problem lies in the fact that I previously suspected that evil spirit to have one Sequence 1 characteristic. There's no need for it to seek any more of it. Could it be that it hasn't digested it? Klein rubbed his temples as his head ached. He stood up, entered his bathroom, and took four steps counterclockwise and headed above the gray fog.

Just as he sat down, he conjured a pen and paper and wrote the following divination statement:

"The one possessing Ince Zangwill is the evil spirit back in the underground ruins of Alista Tudor."

He scrutinized each word for a few seconds before taking off the topaz pendant on his left wrist and planned to use spirit dowsing for the divination.

This time, when he opened his eyes, the scene he saw was:

The topaz pendant stood still.

This meant that the divination had failed.

The level is too high, and there's also 0-08. Right, that evil spirit also carries the Red Priest card, which has anti-divination and anti-prophecy properties. It's no wonder I failed with all three combined... Hmm, this also serves as indirect confirmation. Klein analyzed the reasons and considered what other methods he could use for verification.

He tapped his finger on the edge of the long bronze table and silently muttered to himself, Apart from getting Leonard to lead the Red Gloves to do an investigation, I should do something as well...

Assuming that the one possessing Ince Zangwill is really the Red Angel evil spirit, where will it seek out Beyonder ingredients from the Hunter pathway when it gains control of the body?

Intis's capital, Trier? Feysac capital, St. Millom? Or would it solely rely on the Card of Blasphemy's activation and seal in order to use the law of Beyonder characteristic convergence to attract Beyonders to fly to it like moths flying to a fire?

Wait, it mentioned before that the descendants of the Medici family are in Bansy Harbor.

Although it has already been destroyed, there might still be something buried there!

Also, the evil spirit formed from the three angels' remnant psyches is highly provocative. That matches Leonard's description of evil spirits in the letter. It might have deliberately left something in Bansy...

With this in mind, Klein immediately conjured The World Gehrman Sparrow's figure and requested The Hanged Man to head to Bansy once more to do a more thorough investigation.

After doing that, Klein began to contemplate. Once he confirmed that the Red Angel evil spirit possessed Ince Zangwill, he wondered whether he could use the law of Beyonder characteristic convergence as a starting point, employing the corresponding ingredients to entice "Ince Zangwill" into a trap.

Hunter pathway... Hunter pathway... Amidst his thoughts, Klein suddenly recalled two Hunters who were loitering in West Balam.

He frowned slightly and began analyzing.

Although East Balam and West Balam are vast territories, and the distance between the city that Ince Zangwill made his last appearance and the Northern State is very great, he will probably take nearly half a month to travel, even as a demigod since he doesn't have Teleport. In theory, Danitz and Anderson will not suddenly encounter the Red Angel evil spirit because of the law of convergence. Also, their Sequences are too low, but I can't be too sure...

West Balam, Northern State, Cookawa City.

Danitz glanced at Anderson and blurted out:

"I'm going to conduct an investigation. Why are you following me?

"Logically speaking, shouldn't you head back to the Fog Sea at Behrens Harbor?"

Chapter 935: "Meeting Up"

Anderson, who was enjoying a piece of cream cassava bread, looked up at Danitz. Seemingly in thought, he said, "I'm not sure why, but I don't wish to leave West Balam. Haha. Since I'm here, as a treasure hunter, how can I return empty-handed?

"In the extensive forests, there are all sorts of abandoned temples that have gold, jewelry, antiques, and maybe mystical items. All of them are waiting for me to rescue them!"

Danitz tipped his chin and guzzled down the remaining Gwadar.

This was a beverage made from a fruit native to West Balam. It was orange-yellow in color with a sweetness amidst its sourness. It was good at quenching thirst and relieving heat. It also had some caffeine that allowed people to combat fatigue and stay awake.

Putting down the cup and picking up his napkin to wipe his mouth, Danitz scoffed.

"I keep feeling as though you're up to something."

"I also hope that's the case," Anderson said with an unconcerned smile.

He matched breakfast with coffee.

East and West Balam possessed many excellent coffee-growing regions. They were only slightly less famous than Feynapotter's Highlander coffee and the Fermo coffee of the Southern Continent's Star Highlands and neighboring Paz Valley.

Without waiting for Danitz's reply, Anderson said with a smile, "Actually, isn't this good? I'm providing you with free protection, and you're my interpreter. Everyone benefits out of this arrangement."

Recalling that he was only a Sequence 7 and was wanted by all kinds of factions, Danitz had a baffling feeling that Anderson's words made sense.

He coughed slightly and said, "But there will be certain times when I'll get you to stay away."

"If you say 'please,' then there's no problem," Anderson said in a relaxed manner.

Danitz immediately hooded himself and walked towards the hotel's exit in preparation to begin today's investigations.

Midway, he suddenly said, "Have you had such an experience? Often dreaming of an angel's descent, wrapping you in its layered wings.

"No, it's not only a dream. I occasionally will have the same hallucination even when I'm awake."

Anderson glanced at the boxing glove Danitz was wearing. After pondering for a few seconds, he said with a smile, "Are you a believer of some secret existence?

"Or have you made contact with some ancient item?"

Danitz's expression froze as he forced a smile.

"If it were as simple as you said, I would've long guessed the reason!"

As he spoke, he brushed shoulders with the three men who came in before walking out.

Anderson habitually sized up the passersby to confirm his surroundings. Therefore, he glanced at the three men and realized that they were a master and two servants. The master was tall and his skin was brown. He had soft facial features, as though he had parents from Balam and Loen. He wore attire in the style of the Northern Continent-silk top hat, black formal suit, and a gold inlaid cane.

The two servants were standard locals that seemed to come from plantations. They were helping their master hold his cane and leather suitcase. One of them was a mixed-blood with a fleshy face and baggy clothes. On his waist was a rapier, as though he was also playing the role of a bodyguard.

Unconcerned, Anderson retracted his gaze and followed Danitz onto the street.

He pointed at the different-styled coffins that were horse-drawn or manually lifted with piqued interest.

"Want to try one of those?

"It's very interesting. Once you get used to it, you will realize that death isn't something to be afraid of. Perhaps you might be able to open the lid at some point in time and stand up again."

Danitz looked at the strange transportation tool through the corner of his eyes as he didn't hesitate to shake his head.

"As a pirate, I more or less believe in the Lord of Storms. Certain things are taboo, and one of those taboos is going near coffins."

"I'm different. I don't have any taboos." Anderson casually took out a few Delexi and bought several newspapers from a paperboy on the street.

It had to be said that when it came to paperboys, the various cities in the Southern Continent weren't inferior to the Northern Continent. After all, manual labor was cheaper, and there were many children who needed to supplement their family's income.

As Danitz walked to the end of the street in search of a carriage meant for foreigners, he took a copy of the newspapers from Anderson and quickly browsed through it.

Suddenly, he noticed a piece of news:

"Infamous pirate who calls himself Admiral Hell, Ludwell, has been killed by the crazy adventurer, Gehrman Sparrow. His Black Tulip and entire crew has been taken over by Mirella who claims to be Death's Envoy..."

"This..." Danitz's mouth turned slightly agape, and he was hardly able to close it.

He finally understood why Gehrman Sparrow wanted him to be careful of the Numinous Episcopate!

This lunatic had actually killed the strongest of the seven pirate admirals, Ludwell!

About ten seconds later, Danitz handed the newspapers to Anderson with a dazed expression.

"Take a look at this."

Anderson received the newspaper with a smile and quickly scanned through it.

After a brief silence, he whistled and chuckled.

"That fellow likely has a new nickname:

"Pirate Admiral Nemesis!"

Danitz didn't dare to nod as he poignantly said, "Back when I first met him, although I already found him terrifying, I never expected him to be this terrifying."

At this moment, he recalled his early attempts of recruiting Gehrman Sparrow as a Sailor of the Golden Dream.

And while they left the hotel, Klein had already taken up residence in a luxurious room. He was standing by the window, watching the two Hunters who were being flippant while walking.

Rubbing the cufflink on his sleeves, he unfolded the letter and wrote:

"I suspect that the evil spirit possessing Ince Zangwill is from the Hunter pathway. You can investigate further along those lines.

"Along with this letter is a Soul Assurer's Beyonder characteristic. It comes from a pitiful person who was Grazed. I liberated him and promised to return his characteristic to the Church of Evernight."

In East Balam, having just prepared to join the morning meeting, Leonard suddenly saw the angel messenger who wielded four blonde, red-eyed heads appear before him.

Already used to this, he received the letter and opened it and gave it a glance. He was surprised to see an item as resplendent as the night sky.

This is... Leonard had an inkling as to what the item was. He hurriedly unfolded the letter and read it.

Twenty seconds later, he slowly sighed and silently said, As expected, it's a Beyonder characteristic.

Klein is still very friendly to the Church and the Nighthawks...

He was rather delighted as he took out two transparent dead, ringed worms and placed it in that envelope. He then summoned Gehrman Sparrow's messenger, handed it to her, and paid the one gold coin.

After doing this, Leonard loosened the top buttons of his shirt, walked out of the room, and headed underground.

On the way, he encountered Daly Simone.

Still dressed as a Spirit Medium, Daly looked forward and asked very normally, "Any new clues?"

"It's suspected to be an evil spirit of the Hunter pathway." Leonard fell silent for two seconds before he decided against concealing the matter.

Daly nodded indiscernibly and said after some thought, "Then it might have the instinct of being provocative. It will proactively leave clues for us. Of course, this might also contain some level of misdirection to it."

Knock. Knock. Knock. Someone knocked at the captain's cabin of the Blue Avenger.

"Come on in," Alger put down the brass sextant in his hand and said in a deep voice.

A sailor opened the door and looked back. With the urging of his companions, he hesitantly entered the room and struck his left breast with his right fist and bowed.

"Holy Lord of Storms!"

After Alger returned the salute, the sailor forced a smile and said, "Captain, many pirates and merchant sailors have recently claimed to have found valuables in the ruins of Bansy Harbor. There was even gold.

"We don't have any particularly important missions recently, so everyone is wondering if we should make another trip to Bansy. Such a bustling harbor, even if it has been searched numerous times, it should still have plenty of things left..."

Alger listened with a deadpan expression. After a few seconds of thought, he said, "I can understand your feelings. Let's do this. Let's head in the direction of Bansy Harbor, but do not set a destination. If nothing happens midway, we will stay there for a day."

"Aye-aye, Captain." The sailor excitedly clenched his right fist and struck his left breast again. "May the Storm be with you..."

"May the Storm be with you..." Alger watched as his subordinate left and closed the door.

Then, as though nothing had happened, he poured himself a cup of Lanti Proof without any joy or anger as he sipped it slowly.

Whatever that had just happened was within his expectations. This was because the news of finding items of value in Bansy Harbor's ruins was something he had spread while disguised.

As a captain of the Church of Storms, he was constantly monitored by his sailors. Having been to Bansy once, mentioning it again made it suspicious. Therefore, Alger decided on getting the crew to make the request themselves!

That way, even if they discovered or encountered something at Bansy Harbor, no one would suspect him, the captain.

To the sailors, especially sailors who had just spent all their money in Bayam, any news or rumors with sufficient allure would stir their hearts the most. Alger knew this very well.

In addition, the Blue Avenger had stayed in Bayam for too long. If he hadn't set sail, it would also be suspicious.

As for monitoring Artisan Cielf, it was naturally left to The Hermit Cattleya. Due to the "investigations" of the Aurora Order, this pirate admiral and the Future had recently been hanging around the Rorsted Archipelago. It was said to be an important base of the Moses Ascetic Order.

After drinking the liquor, Alger put down his cup and looked out at the undulating waves and silently said a word:

"Bansy..."

Considering that it was late June and Will Auceptin's exact birthday remained unclear, Klein made some preparations before heading above the gray fog to bring the radio transceiver back to the real world. He also reminded himself that he could ask no more than two questions.

In the room that suddenly turned gloomy and cold, the unmanned transceiver began producing clicking voices.

Chapter 936: Don't Want to Miss Out

Amidst the clacking sounds, a white piece of illusory paper spewed out from the radio transceiver. On it were words composed of Loenese:

"Exalted Great Master, your puny, loyal, and humble servant, Arrodes, is here to answer your summoning!

"Did you know? Dr. Aaron Ceres's child was born the night before last."

Thankfully I contacted the magic mirror in time... Klein nodded slightly and said, "Now I know."

Amidst clacking sounds, more of the illusory white paper spewed out:

"Based on the principle of reciprocity, it's your turn to ask a question."

Klein had originally wanted to ask about Ince Zangwill, 0-08, and the Red Angel evil spirit, but considering that his divination above the gray fog had failed, Arrodes was almost certainly unable to see the answer. At best, it could provide more detailed information about 0-08. Yet without the gray fog's concealment, that would be equivalent to Klein learning about 0-08, causing it to learn about him in turn. This wouldn't help him hide behind the scenes and direct the play.

After thinking for two seconds, he asked, "What means are there to speed up the digestion of potions?"

"Do a better job acting." On the illusory white paper, black words were produced.

Upon seeing the magic mirror's reply, Klein first fell silent before he slowly exhaled.

For the present him, Ince Zangwill's appearance was too early!

He still needed about two months to completely digest the Marionettist potion. Once that happened, with the ingredients already gathered, he could orchestrate the assassination of the demigod Ince Zangwill, combining his Sequence advancement with the fulfillment of his wish. Then he wouldn't need to leave himself any path of retreat. However, Ince Zangwill wouldn't wait to "appear" until Klein had finished every preparation. He wouldn't follow the steps Klein had in mind.

Based on Klein's earliest ideas, it was to first gather information, figure out where Ince Zangwill was, and wait until it was late August or early September before confirming the plan based on the situation. If not for the possession of the evil spirit, Ince Zangwill wouldn't have exposed himself. If he didn't use Ince Zangwill's current condition, it was very possible that he couldn't find the latter again once he exorcised the evil spirit. Coincidences would stand in his way when it came to meeting him.

Furthermore, if that were really the Red Angel evil spirit, Klein was also worried that Ince Zangwill might've already died by the time he and Leonard started exacting revenge. The reason behind his death could be due to certain machinations, or from some ridiculously comedic situations, and not because of his sins.

Due to these considerations, Klein attempted to digest his potion faster, hoping that he could complete it within a week or two.

However, Arrodes's answer left him depressed. He also knew that this wasn't something he could force.

In two weeks, or even in the next few days, how was he to create a better opportunity to act?

In his silence, Klein had already made up his mind. He didn't plan on tying the two matters together, and from the beginning, he wanted revenge against Ince Zangwill as his primary goal provided there was a chance of success.

He didn't wish to miss this opportunity.

Although it had only been about ten months--less than a year--since the incident at the Blackthorn Security Company, it felt like a very, very long time, so long that he didn't wish to wait any longer.

Catching a glance at the gloomy radio transceiver, Klein thought before wearing a stern look, he asked with a deep voice, "Back when I used the Winner marionette to look at myself, I learned why Beyonders of the Fate pathway will have such a reaction when facing me.

"Now, I would like to know what you see when you look at me?"

This unexpected question seemed to echo through the room. The radio transceiver abruptly fell silent, and it was quite some time before the clacking resumed.

A black illusory piece of paper spewed out, and on it were ghastly-white words:

"I-I see support and dominance from you.

"Are you satisfied with that answer?"

Support, dominance... What does that mean? Klein had planned on pressing on, but he believed that Arrodes was unlikely to explain it too clearly because it lacked the required knowledge.

Realizing that the Mother Tree of Desire was about to find him if he kept this up, he nodded and said, "Acceptable.

"That shall be all for today. You may return."

The clacking of the radio transceiver became increasingly brisker as the paper that appeared was white again.

"Alright, Great Master, goodbye~ Your loyal and humble servant, Arrodes, is constantly at your service."

This time, the magic mirror seemed to forget to add a hand-waving drawing.

That was quite a quick escape... Klein mumbled and immediately took four steps counterclockwise and entered above the gray fog. He conjured The World Gehrman Sparrow and informed The Hermit Cattleya that the Mythical Creature blood she needed was ready. She was to provide the means to regain a certain amount of strength during one's weak stages as quickly as possible.

Before long, Cattleya set up a ritual and sacrificed an item to The Fool, requesting that this mighty existence pass it to The World and tell him that its effect worked by temporarily borrowing a portion of one's strength from one's former self!

This sounds familiar... It sounds like the powers of the Seer pathway's Sequence 3 Scholar of Yore... The Fool Klein was surprised as he picked up the item that Ma'am Hermit had sacrificed.

It was like the end of a cane with a long transparent gem embedded on it. It was carved with complicated, mysterious, indescribable, three-dimensional symbols and magic labels.

Klein recognized two of them. One was the incomplete Pupil-less Eye, and the other was the incomplete Contorted Lines.

Could this be an item that truly points toward Sequence 0 The Fool? But isn't it a little too complicated... This cane feels very familiar. It's like... It's like the crystal ball Little Sun used when he prayed to me! C-could it also correspond to another crimson star? Klein looked out from the ancient palace with an odd expression, but all he saw were illusory stars suspended in the infinite gray fog, without any sign of abnormality.

Since such objects were single-use items like charms, he abandoned the idea of experimenting with it. All he could do was summon some paper from the junk pile and carefully copy the cane's complicated, unusual symbols and magical markings.

Loen Kingdom, Backlund, Dr. Aaron's residence.

A maid was in the master bedroom, caring for a soundly sleeping infant. Downstairs, the banquet attended by many guests had reached its midpoint.

Suddenly, in a corner, three figures quickly materialized. Leading them was a man in a silk top hat, black formal suit. He was none other than Klein Moretti who hadn't disguised himself.

He tossed out a charm and muttered an ancient Hermes term:

"Crimson!"

The dark red flames flashed, and amidst a light explosion sound, soothing powers emanated out. The maid fell asleep instantly, collapsing onto the bedside into a deep sleep.

Klein made his two marionettes stand in their spots as he walked to the infant's cot and cast his gaze inside.

It was a child wrapped in silver silk. His skin was very fair, and rolls of baby fat covered his body.

This infant showed no fear towards the stranger as he looked straight at Klein with his eyes wide open while sucking his fingers.

"Ahem." Klein couldn't help but smile as he took off his hat and bowed. "Congratulations on being born."

"You should say that to my parents!" The infant pulled out his fingers and spoke in a clear voice that didn't match his age.

Klein chuckled and didn't harp on this meaningless topic with the Snake of Fate. He went straight to the point.

"I brought the method that allows you to regain a certain amount of strength during your weak stages.

"You can now give me that drop of placenta blood."

Will Auceptin opened up his fleshy palms and said, "Let me take a look first."

"How do you know that the method is an item?" Klein couldn't help but ask in puzzlement.

Will Auceptin scoffed.

"An intuition of fate."

That was the same as saying nothing... Klein brought the cane out from behind him and handed it over.

The infant held it tightly and glanced at it twice before raising its voice:

"This can only be used once!"

"That's right. Only once. Is that a problem?" Klein deliberated and said, "With your level and abilities, you can completely replicate the symbols and magic labels engraved on it, and then prepare the corresponding ingredients to hold the correct ritual. Wouldn't that allow you to use it multiple times?"

Will Auceptin suddenly cut him off.

"Alright, I accept it.

"Remember, you were the one who suggested it!"

"..."

Klein was momentarily a little dumbfounded, but he also seemed to realize something. He had a vague feeling that, despite him being here to take advantage of a baby, it ended up as the baby taking advantage of him.

"Yes, I was the one who suggested it." He finally drew a breath and nodded earnestly.

The baby's plump face revealed a smile as he spread open his other hand.

"I've already prepared it for you.

"A total of two drops. One drop is for the transaction, and the other drop is your commission for facilitating this transaction."

There's a commission? Klein was delighted as he hurriedly looked at Will Auceptin's palm.

Two drops of silver blood rested there. Within each seemed to spin countless minute, aloof, illusory wheels. Together, they formed a band whose head joined its tail.

A single glance nearly robbed Klein of his ability to think. He felt every thought repeating endlessly in his mind.

He hurriedly shook his head and took out the iron cigar case which contained Azik's copper whistle. He then placed the two drops of Snake of Fate blood, which had clearly been sealed, inside.

"Thank you for your generosity," Klein said sincerely before asking, "Can this be used to make a charm?"

The baby sucked his fingers and said, "Of course.

"As for the exact symbols to carve, you've already seen them. You may choose any combination. Whatever you get will depend entirely on your luck."

Klein nodded and asked again, "Who should I pray to?

"You're probably unable to respond to relatively high-level rituals for the time being. And praying to Ouroboros would border on provocation...

"Do I pray to a Sequence 2 angel of the Fate pathway? But I don't know 'Their' honorific names."

Will Auceptin immediately grinned.

"There's a more convenient method."

"Who?" Klein pressed in delight.

The baby replied with a giggle, "Empress of Misfortune and Horror."

Chapter 937: Several Days Later

Empress of Misfortune and Horror... Isn't that the Goddess? That's right, misfortune includes bad luck--a part of fate. The Goddess has the corresponding authority and can naturally give a response... By giving this suggestion, doesn't it mean that, in Will Auceptin's eyes, "He" has always suspected that I'm Evernight's Blessed, it's just that I didn't notice it myself. It's the same as the answer I received about how I should get the High-Sequence Beyonder potion formula of the Seer pathway... "He" is even more certain after what happened at Saint Samuel Cathedral... Klein was first taken aback before he became enlightened.

As though he was muttering to himself, he said, "If I were to pray to the Goddess, no matter what symbols I choose, the final product's effect will likely be inclined towards the domain of bad luck."

"That's common sense!" the baby wrapped in silver silk shouted.

After obtaining confirmation, Klein felt more certain as he said with a smile, "Eh... Are you still named Will Auceptin?"

He was very curious whether "He" had changed his name after being born.

"If you like it, you can continue thinking so. However, my full name has already been changed to Will Ceres," the baby replied indifferently.

Klein thought before asking, "If I want to deal with the wielder of 0-08, what suggestions do you have?

"I don't want to know about 0-08. I just wish to know if you have any suggestions."

The plump baby looked at him as he suddenly opened his mouth and let out a loud cry.

"Waaa!"

"..."

The corners of Klein's lips quivered. Upon seeing the maid about to wake up, he took a few steps back and vanished from the room with his two marionettes.

In the Rorsted Sea, the Future was docked in the Bayam Resistance's private harbor.

Cattleya, who was holding a ritual, saw a drop of silver blood fly out of the illusory door that manifested itself from the candlelight.

With just one glance at it, she hurriedly closed her eyes, despite wearing her heavy glasses.

At that instant, it felt like an aloof and mysterious wheel was spinning in a circle, forming a silver snake that had its head connected to its tail.

This made her repeat her previous thoughts, thanking Mr. Fool twelve times in succession before returning to normal.

It really is the blood of a Mythical Creature from the Fate domain, and its level is higher than an ordinary angel... Cattleya ended the ritual in delight, and she took out a container she had prepared ahead of time, placing the drop of silver blood inside.

After obtaining some information on the Monster pathway from Queen Mystic, and learning the existence of Angel of Fate Ouroboros from Mr. Fool, she quickly came up with a guess as to who the blood belonged to.

Perhaps it's the one from the Life School of Thought. Or there might be another Sequence 1 angel... Regardless, Mr. Fool is able to use at least two angels in the real world. Along with that Ancient Bane that I can't be certain of, aside from the lack of Sealed Artifacts, the faction that believes in Mr. Fool is enough to match that of orthodox Churches. Even the Element Dawn and Moses Ascetic Order can't compare...

As expected of an awakening ancient god.

Increasingly filled with awe, Cattleya drew a gasp and began considering her matters.

Her other preparations were rather smooth sailing. Without any accidents, all she needed was to wait a month or so to attempt advancing to Sequence 4 to obtain godhood!

Heavy black clouds blanketed the sky. Silver lightning occasionally streaked across it, illuminating the desolate plains and winding, dry riverbeds.

And in the middle of the plains, where the river made a half-circle, black, stacked shadowy outlines loomed. It was a lifeless city.

After several days of traveling, the team led by the Chief of the City of Silver's six-member council, Demon Hunter Colin Iliad, finally arrived at their destination--Nois City.

The team was a small one. Excluding Colin, there were only four other members. They were the six-member council Elder, Shepherd Lovia, two Sequence 5 Guardians, Legere and Gonlun, as well as Sequence 6 Notary, Derrick Berg. The overall strength of the team wasn't weaker than a complete expedition team; it was perhaps even stronger.

According to Colin Iliad, this was because Nois City was filled with monsters, making it very dangerous. Shapeshifters were adept at disguises, and they enjoyed making use of the trust between teammates. Therefore, the smaller the expedition team, the better. And since there were fewer people, there was undoubtedly a need to prepare it with a stronger team.

As they watched the city in front of them which was covered in mist, one that couldn't be lit up despite the lightning, Demon Hunter Colin drew the two swords on his back. Unhurriedly, he slathered a silver-gray ointment on one, and a golden liquid on the other.

He then stabbed the two swords in front of him. He then removed three small metal bottles from a hidden compartment on his belt, pulled out the stopper, and gulped the contents of the potion.

Meanwhile, Legere and Gonlun had made preparations for combat. Derrick Berg held his hammer with one hand as he opened up his other palm. With a solemn tone, he said in Jotun, "God says it's effective!"

Silently, Colin Iliad and company felt that the consumed potion, the conjured dawn, and the slathered ointment had been significantly augmented.

Right on the heels of that, concentric rings of warm light emanated out, endowing the expedition team with courage and strength.

After Derrick used Holy Oath to boost his agility, Colin shot a glance at Lovia, who was holding an animal hide lantern and standing silently observing. He then turned his head to point at the perimeter of Nois City which was more than ten meters away. He said to the teenager who was once again a little taller, "Use your ability to light up the streets ahead."

After saying that, he surveyed his surroundings and added, "Once we enter Nois City, make sure we do not separate.

"A few days ago, I had already introduced the more active monsters that hide away in the darkness in this region. All of you should be aware of how separating will be utilized by the Shapeshifter."

Gonlun was a beautiful, female warrior who was 2.4-2.5 meters tall. Upon hearing that, she thought and asked, "Then, should we make use of this to hunt the Shapeshifter?"

"It's best that we don't. It's simply too dangerous. We could easily end up killing our own teammates or becoming lost in Nois City forever," the grizzled Colin Iliad warned solemnly.

Derrick looked at the silent city that was cloaked in thin mist as he subconsciously asked, "Your Excellency, was this city also under the Giant King's Court?"

"Yes, but it's very close to a kingdom ruled by another ancient god," Colin answered patiently.

Holding two iron-black poles, the 2.4-meter-tall Legere pressed with intrigue, "Which ancient god?"

"King of Demonic Wolves, the Annihilator, Flegrea."

Is that so... Derrick remembered the Chief's introduction, took a step forward, and extended his arms.

Pure, radiant sunlight emitted from his body, illuminating the either collapsed or rotting buildings, the grayish-white stone-paved streets, and the extremely silent city perimeter.

Derrick and company saw figures appear on the streets. They were either wearing linen robes or animal-hides, as though they were busily going on about their day.

Upon sensing the sunlight's illumination, they silently turned their heads in unison and looked at the City of Silver expedition team.

Bansy Harbor at night would occasionally have ravens or other birds calling out. It accentuated the gloom and deathly silence of the ruins. Even the sounds of crashing waves were unable to wash away that feeling.

As believers of the Lord of Storms and crew members of the Blue Avenger, the sailors were bold, especially when they believed that there might be gold or valuables hidden within the collapsed buildings. It spurred them on, sapping away any fear that might exist. The moment they arrived, they rushed down the ship and began searching the area in groups of two or three.

Alger didn't follow them as he strolled through the ruins alone, in search of any marks that appeared after Bansy Harbor's destruction.

As he walked, with him wearing the Whip of Mind ring and having the Blade of Poison slung by his waist, he came to a collapsed building with crumbling walls and a door that was only a few pieces of charred wood.

If I remember correctly, this was the telegraph office of Bansy Harbor... Alger nodded slightly as he approached and did a slight inspection.

He then saw a relatively empty area amidst the rubble. The ground was parched black with two blood-red silhouettes. It was as though two people had been lying there, only to be squashed flat.

And this had been months ago; yet, the two streaks of blood remained fresh, as though they still contained some degree of vitality to it.

Alger's forehead throbbed as he imagined the horrors that had occurred before Bansy Harbor's destruction.

He swept his gaze and suddenly saw a picture engraved on a crumbling wall beside the two blood-colored figures. It was a spot that the moonlight could hardly shine onto.

The picture was very simple, and it wasn't even colored. It was of an armored monster with a squid's head that wielded a trident. Lightning swirled around it as waves surged at its feet. Behind it was a cape formed by bird feathers!

Alger's eyes widened suddenly as he felt a tumultuous storm rage within him.

He recognized who the monster was representing because The Sun had once depicted it before:

It was the warped version of the Lord of Storms according to Rose Redemption!

And could this picture's appearance implied that a Rose Redemption member had previously come to Bansy Harbor, and they had drawn this picture after the building collapsed. Otherwise, it was impossible for the mural to not be damaged. It happened to fill an abnormal, crumbling wall!

This should be what The World wanted me to find in Bansy Harbor... He's pursuing Rose Redemption? Alger muttered silently to himself as he raised his right hand.

He had planned on destroying the picture, but after some thought, he retracted his arm, circling around Bansy Harbor's former telegraph office as though he hadn't discovered anything.

He then walked in another direction.

Chapter 938: Writing

Above the endless gray fog, in the magnificent and ancient palace.

The warped picture of the Lord of Storms, one that's suspected to be left behind by a Rose Redemption member... Hmm, Red Angel Medici is one of the founders of Rose Redemption... Klein sat in the high-back chair belonging to The Fool as he silently looked at the crimson star representing The Hanged Man.

Using his feedback, he had basically confirmed that the one possessing Ince Zangwill was the Red Angel evil spirit!

In the eternal silence, Klein silently sat at the seat of honor of the mottled table as though he had become a deity's statue.

After an unknown period of time, he nodded indiscernibly and slowly exhaled.

His figure vanished and returned to the real world. He continued his nap without thinking of any plans or considering anything related to Ince Zangwill.

He slept until the next morning, then got out of bed. Repeating his routine from the past few days, he walked barefoot to the window and drew the curtains.

On the street outside the hotel, Danitz, dressed like a West Balam native and wearing an additional hooded cloak, held his iron-black boxing glove close to his chest as he hurried toward the square on his right. Based on his previous report, Klein knew that he was meeting one of the local ruling factions today to determine their position on the arms deal.

Anderson didn't follow. He had ruffled his parted short blond hair in a mess as he leisurely strolled around the perimeter of the square, sat down, and wore a funny-looking puppet over his left black-gloved hand and began putting on a ventriloquist act for the people who walked by.

The man and puppet each had different voices as they mocked each other with witty remarks. It was quite good at attracting attention.

The only problem was that it was done in the Intis language and not Dutanese. Few people understood it, so after standing around to watch for a moment, they walked off.

Klein focused on the Fog Sea's Strongest Hunter with the same expression as before. His eyes betrayed how deep in thought he was.

East Balam, in the temporary office for Soest's Red Gloves.

Cindy, who had long, wine-red hair, walked in with a few telegrams as she said excitedly, "New clues!"

"What clues?" Soest put down the white porcelain coffee mug in his hand as Leonard and Daly cast their gazes to the door.

As Cindy handed the telegrams to her captain, she said, "Emperor Roselle's saying, 'Wherever he steps, whatever he touches, whatever he leaves, even unconsciously, will serve as a silent witness against him,' really makes sense. We've found witnesses who saw Ince Zangwill in several places, allowing us to reconstruct his entire route.

"From this, we've realized that Ince Zangwill's thoughts seem to be contradictory. He often approaches the colonies of Intis, staying for a short moment, before leaving it. He then approaches it once again and leaves it repeatedly as though--as though..."

Isn't this what Klein mentioned? That his actions are inconsistent? Leonard was delighted as he offered a better description for Cindy:

"As though he's oscillating."

"Yes, oscillating!" Cindy sighed in relief and continued describing their findings. "In addition, Ince Zangwill has killed several Intis military spies and purchased a number of Beyonder ingredients. We don't know what he's trying to do."

This... Leonard deliberated and said, "Which pathway's Beyonder ingredients are being bought by Ince Zangwill?"

"They are from the Warrior, Hunter, and Bard pathways." Cindy pointed at the few telegrams that Captain Soest was reading.

Indeed, there's the Hunter pathway... Having failed to find an excuse to get his teammates to take notice of Hunter-related clues, Leonard exhaled silently and no longer had any doubts regarding Klein's theory. He believed it to be the truth!

Next, how should I make everyone realize that Ince has been possessed by an evil spirit of the Hunter pathway... Leonard fell into deep thought. He waited until Soest finished reading the telegram and handed it to the other teammates before he came up with something. He decided to take a risk.

Before he spoke, he subconsciously glanced at Daly Simone. Dressed in a Spirit Medium's attire, this lady lowered her hand slightly, indicating that he shouldn't be too anxious, and to stop whatever he was about to attempt.

Ma'am Daly is telling me that it isn't time, that I should wait for a better opportunity? Amidst his hesitation, he saw Daly flick the telegram in her hand and looked around the room.

"I have an idea."

"What is it?" Soest asked.

Daly smiled.

"I suspect that Ince Zangwill is possessed by an evil spirit."

She... She just said it like that... She will be suspected! Leonard jumped in fright.

Without waiting for Soest, Cindy, and the others to voice their doubts, Daly continued, "Ince Zangwill was once a Gatekeeper, and now he's a Nightwatcher. His body can accommodate evil spirits and use their powers. Furthermore, he has 0-08's help. If I were him, I'd definitely seek out stronger evil spirits and increase my strength as much as possible.

"This way, before he obtains complete control over the evil spirit, there will be backlashes. Ince Zangwill will take actions that seem contradictory. This can explain what's mentioned on the telegram.

"In addition, haven't we been puzzled as to why Ince Zangwill has been trying to contact important members of the Numinous Episcopate, and we had come up with various theories? Perhaps getting them to help him exorcise, purify, or completely control the evil spirit is his goal!"

Soest thought for a moment and deliberated over his words.

"That possibility cannot be ruled out, but this is fundamentally a subjective theory of yours... How did you come up with this? Which details gave you the inspiration?"

Leonard became nervous as Daly chuckled.

"This is a woman's intuition. It's just like how I know your thoughts, as well as those of the rest of you at times.

"Besides, since this is a discussion and analysis, we should list down all the possibilities. We should then eliminate the possibilities based on the actual investigations. This will aid us in finding the correct answer. Therefore, we need to let our thoughts wander. No matter how ridiculous the idea is, we must dare to propose it!

"From the various details we obtained from our feedback, I believe my theory is the most likely one."

Ma'am Daly sure is good with words. At least, she's convinced me... Did she propose the evil-spirit-possession theory to protect me and draw the risk onto herself? When it comes to Ince Zangwill, she seems willing to shoulder everything... Leonard understood, a poignant feeling stirring within him.

After hearing Daly's reply, Soest nodded slightly.

"Indeed, since this is a discussion, we shouldn't limit our thoughts.

"The possibility of an evil spirit possession scenario is quite high. I'll report this to Her Excellency Goddess's Eye. I'll leave it to the archbishop and high-ranking deacons to decide the subsequent investigations. After all, we know too little about 0-08."

"The Red Gloves team led by Soest discovered Ince Zangwill's abnormalities from the feedback from various telegrams. Daly Simone used this opportunity to mention the assumption of an evil spirit's possession and had received a unanimous agreement.

"She claimed it to be a reasonable theory, but she was already in the know. She had learned it from Leonard Mitchell, who has a Parasite, and Leonard Mitchell's information source came from a letter sent by Reinette Tinekerr. Who could be the one who mailed it?

"Meanwhile, Leonard Mitchell and Daly Simone had already suspected that the evil spirit possessing Ince Zangwill belongs to the Hunter pathway..."

A classical quill dipped in black ink raced across an ordinary notebook as though held by an invisible hand.

Suddenly, a deathly pale hand reached out and seized the quill.

The owner of that hand had dark blond hair with facial features akin to a classic sculpture. One of his eyes was so blue that it was nearly black, and the other was filled with small but obvious blood vessels.

He lowered his wrist and continued writing:

"But is this the truth to the matter? Will everything develop according to what Daly Simone, Leonard Mitchell, and Soest's Red Gloves team have in mind?"

In the Forsaken Land of the Gods, in Nois City which couldn't be illuminated by the lightning.

The figures looked over without making any sound, giving Derrick a fright. He nearly stopped the illumination effect as he dodged to avoid facing them directly.

However, having trained from a young age, and with his experience over the past year, he didn't end up flustered. He didn't rush to end it as he forcefully held back his horror and waited for the Chief to give the next order.

Two dark green, complicated symbols appeared in Colin Iliad's eyes. He took in the streets that were blanketed with faint mist and the seemingly normal figures which didn't take any action.

Suddenly, he grunted and genuflected, his hands grabbing the two swords that were stabbed in the ground.

At the back of his neck, his bluish-black skin swelled a little as indescribable and complicated mysterious symbols appeared. They were half illusory and half real as they crept to either higher or lower levels.

At the same time, Shepherd Lovia let out a painful grunt as she raised her hands and held her head, vomiting some blobs of squirming flesh and blood.

Her palms and her body seemed to have silver armor strangely appear, overlapping on top of her.

"Stop," Demon Hunter Colin muttered softly one second later.

Derrick hurriedly ended the illumination and allowed the thin mist to cloak the figures, allowing the dead silence to once again blanket the ancient Nois City.

Everything quickly returned to its former form as Colin Iliad slowly got up. He cast his heavy gaze at the tower, cathedral, and other buildings that could barely be made out through the thin mist.

"It's a little different from my last expedition. I'm not sure what caused these changes either." Demon Hunter Colin withdrew his gaze and surveyed the team members. "Do you have any ideas or thoughts?"

Shepherd Lovia had already crouched down to pick up the blobs of flesh and blood that had fallen to the ground. However, she didn't immediately stuff them into her mouth, chew them, and swallow. She suggested, "We can change direction and explore Nois City's other entrances. Perhaps we might discover something."

She had been maintaining her silence and kept the attitude of a spectator the entire journey. This was the first time she was voicing out her thoughts and giving her point of view.

Chapter 939: Bait

Colin Iliad glanced at Lovia without giving a direct response. After he pulled out the two swords in the ground, he nodded and said, "Okay."

The group of five circled Nois City's perimeter and made several attempts to enter, but the seemingly normal yet silent city carrying out its "daily routine" frightened them back. They didn't dare venture inside.

As the lightning grew less frequent and darkness slowly began to rule the world, Colin stared deeply at Nois City for several seconds and said, "We'll set up a small camp first. We'll continue when it's 'daytime.'"

The so-called "daytime" meant when the frequency of lightning was relatively higher, keeping the moments of darkness to a minimum.

The expedition team members didn't object to it. Soon, they set up a simple camp by the riverside amidst a series of rocks.

At the extreme end of the camp, there was a huge boulder providing them with shelter so there weren't any worries about rain. A bonfire was burning with all kinds of strange creature carcasses piled to the side. From time to time, they would be thrown in as timber. Colin, Lovia, and company sat around the fire, eating the rations they had brought and the monster corpses that had been proven to not cause serious harm.

As fat sizzled over the fire, Colin Iliad, Chief of the six-member council, looked at Derrick Berg and said, "We'll patrol the camp first. We'll switch when they're done eating."

If this were any other time, Derrick wouldn't have thought otherwise. But now, the first thought that came to mind was: The Chief wishes to speak to me in private...

"Alright." Derrick stuffed the remaining piece of meat into his mouth and lifted the Thunder God's Roar at his side.

The piece of meat was clearly cooked, but it remained a ghastly green.

Upon reaching the dark edge of the camp, Demon Hunter Colin said in a deep, even voice, "Nois City is more sinister and dangerous than I expected. I wonder whether you have any thoughts on what we should do next?"

I know nothing about this place. I'm also lacking in experience. Why is Chief asking for my views? Derrick was instantly taken aback, wishing to raise his left hand to scratch the back of his head.

He then recalled the few times he had spoken with the Chief while they were in the City of Silver. He recalled Mr. Hanged Man's analysis of the hidden context in their conversations as he suddenly realized something.

Chief is giving me a hint!

He's trying to tell me that Nois City is more sinister and dangerous than he expected. The difficulty of hunting a Shapeshifter far exceeds his expectations. He's wondering whether we can change the objective?

He wishes for me to pray to Mr. Fool and receive a revelation so as to get "His" views?

Hmm... Mr. World really is a wise person. Along the way, he had already told me of a method to hunt the Bizarro Bane in a relatively easy manner. It's by getting its blood. Hmm, with the present situation, it seems like his plan is feasible!

As his thoughts raced, Derrick replied earnestly, "Yes, Your Excellency. I have some suggestions."

Colin Iliad silently sighed in relief and swallowed the more direct speech he had prepared, nodding gently.

"Go ahead."

"Since Nois City has changed, it will be very risky for us to enter. Perhaps we can consider luring the Shapeshifter out." Derrick didn't directly regurgitate The World Gehrman Sparrow's method, but he did make some modifications based on the present situation.

Colin didn't directly reject it, and said rather seriously, "Then how should we lure the Shapeshifter?"

Derrick didn't hesitate to say, "I have an item that is extremely enticing to Shapeshifters. As long as it's placed at the boundary of Nois City, or even further, it will lure a Shapeshifter out."

The grizzled Colin wasn't surprised by his words. He nodded amiably and asked, "What is the item?"

He long knew that Derrick Berg had secretly held a bestowment ritual at night during his guard duty shift.

Furthermore, if he hadn't helped conceal the truth, Derrick couldn't possibly have kept it from Lovia, Legere, and Gonlun.

Derrick didn't know what its name or description was. He immediately took out an iron-black box which was completely different from the City of Silver's style before removing the wall of spirituality.

Following that, he didn't lower his head. Instead, he turned his head and opened the box solely using his sense of touch.

Inside the box was a palm-sized human-shaped object. A cursory glance allowed one to see the transparent liquid filling the inside. From time to time, it bubbled, emanating a black glow. Upon scrutinizing it, there appeared to be maggots circling around the object.

This was the true soul body of the Spirit World Plunderer which Klein had previously obtained!

He believed that, for the Bizarro Bane, this Beyonder ingredient had an unparalleled allure. This wasn't simply a result of the law of Beyonder characteristic convergence, but it was also because once the Bizarro Bane obtained it, it could turn into a complete Bizarro Sorcerer. It would break through all kinds of limitations and receive a fundamental improvement in its life's natural order, truly becoming a demigod!

Therefore, to make the hunting of the Bizarro Bane simpler and clearer, without wasting any time, Klein took the risk of losing the true soul body of the Spirit World Plunderer by lending it to Little Sun.

Colin Iliad looked at it carefully for a few seconds before retracting his gaze.

"It's likely to be effective.

"Close the box and stop adding a wall of spirituality to it. Just bring it around with you. Let's see if they will be attracted to our camp."

"They?" Derrick subconsciously asked.

Colin, with a few old scars on his face, revealed a smile.

"Do you think there's only one Shapeshifter in Nois City?

"If this item's level was lacking, I would even be worried that it might attract more terrifying monsters."

Derrick wore a look of shame as he scratched the back of his head. Following the Chief's instructions, he closed the iron-black square box's lid, stuffing it into a concealed pocket in his clothes.

In the patrol that followed, he kept a high level of vigilance, but no Shapeshifter attacked.

After a while, Lovia, Legere, and Gonlun took over their patrol while Derrick returned to sit beside the warm fire.

At that moment, he heard cawing as seven to eight red-eyed ravens flew over and spiraled in midair.

This brought about an indescribable sense of horror. Colin Iliad drew his sword and looked up.

Suddenly, his heart stirred as he quickly cast his gaze to Derrick Berg.

On opposite sides of the bonfire, two brownish-yellow-haired youths with childlike features, each nearly 1.9 meters tall, stared blankly at each other.

Colin's eyes narrowed as he immediately shouted, "Illuminate!"

One of the youths was taken aback. After a moment of enlightenment, pure, warm sunlight was emitted from his body.

With a whoosh, an incomplete shadow swept past as Colin's sword sliced through the fake Derrick.

It was a shadow, a blurry, transparent shadow!

At the same time, a red-eyed raven fell from the sky. Its body swelled, transforming into a pitch-black shadow.

Above this shadow shimmered a transparent, ghostly-blue single eye. Around the eye were similar eyes but smaller.

Shapeshifter!

A Shapeshifter that could disguise itself as ravens!

Just as this pitch-black shadow landed, Derrick's mind turned numb as he could hardly move, as though he was being petrified. All he could do was watch the enemy pounce at him.

Pa!

The Shapeshifter slammed into an invisible wall and failed to take a further step.

Beside the bonfire, Colin Iliad stabbed the sword in his hand into the ground and drew the other sword on his back.

The surrounding area lit up, and like the legendary dawn, it descended upon this abandoned land. Infinite beams of light reminiscent of dawn erupted, turning into an illusory ocean. It devoured the pitch-black shadows along with all the ravens from the bottom up.

At the entrance of the camp, an illusory knight in silver armor, standing more than five meters tall, appeared behind Shepherd Lovia.

The knight's eyes burned with dark red flames as they instantly locked onto a spot.

He suddenly took a step and flashed hundreds of meters away.

Beams of sharp silver light shot out, dicing everything nearby into tiny, even pieces, including the various monsters hiding there and the Shapeshifter that had used some ability to escape the Demon Hunter's lethal strike.

The monster hadn't died as it switched its true body once again, but the pure, bright light of dawn descended once again, completely drowning a huge area.

After the light of dawn turned faint, Colin Iliad in his brown coat appeared with two swords in hand. He calmly watched as points of light gathered above the ground which was covered with cracks. Black-red blood which had mostly evaporated was slowly dispersed.

Success! As Derrick reeled in delight, he hurriedly sealed the black square box with a wall of spirituality.

Colin immediately stabbed the two swords into the ground, took out three metal bottles that had been emptied of their potions, and filled them with the blood on the ground.

While waiting for the ingredient to take form, he said to Lovia and company with his usual expression, "I have a use for the ingredients left by the Shapeshifter. I wish to directly make an exchange for them."

In the City of Silver, there were typically two ways to handle the spoils from such expeditions. First, it was to bring it back and give it to the city and exchange it for the corresponding contribution points. The distribution depended on the amount of effort put in during the expedition. Second, if it wasn't something especially important, and if it had caught the fancy of a member of the expedition, they could directly make an exchange for it with equivalent items or contribution points.

"I have no objections," Legere and Gonlun answered in unison.

Lovia didn't say a word as a form of tacit consent.

After the illusory silver-armored knight returned, she turned her head and looked towards the bonfire where Derrick Berg was with a deadpan expression.

In East Balam, in the temporary office for the Red Gloves.

Soest surveyed the area and said to all the team members, "Her Excellency, Goddess's Eye, has ordered us to investigate the sale of Hunter pathway ingredients in the local and surrounding cities, as well as any disappearances or deaths of Beyonders of the same pathway.

"She agrees with Daly's guess, and she suspects from the death of the Intis spies that it's an evil spirit of the Hunter pathway.

"Of course, we mustn't ignore any abnormalities since it's only one possibility.

"There's also another thing. We only need to do the gathering of information and to ignore everything else. We will not delve deeper into the investigations. It's an order by Her Excellency, Goddess's Eye!

"Got that?"

"Yes!" Cindy and the others replied.

Soest looked at Leonard and Daly before retracting his gaze and said heavily, "Move out!"

Chapter 940: A Story

After leaving the local Nighthawks' base, which was disguised as a private detective office, Leonard glanced at Daly Simone, who had suggested they team up.

"Where do we begin? Any suggestions?"

Dressed in a Spirit Medium's black robe with the hood pulled over her head, Daly Simone, uncannily beautiful and possessed of a mature air, glanced at Leonard Mitchell.

"This is where a gentleman should display his decisiveness and style."

Leonard looked at his left hand which was wearing a red glove. He deliberated and said, "If we begin by following Captain Soest's arrangements, that might allow us to find some clues, but it's not necessarily useful. I suspect that Her Excellency Goddess's Eye knows that. She's only giving us something to do in order to confuse Ince Zangwill."

"Why do you say that?" Daly wasn't joking; her expression was unusually solemn.

Leonard glanced around and, without realizing it, lowered his voice. "From what I know, 0-08 has the characteristic that 'once you know it, it will also know you.' Since we don't know its true name or powers and only use the code name we gave it, we shouldn't be influenced while remaining at the edge of its perception. But as Red Gloves investigating matters involving the Numinous Episcopate, and having discussed Ince Zangwill many times, I believe 0-08 has already grasped our situation. Ince Zangwill should therefore know that his abnormal state has been exposed. He'll use coincidences to avoid us."

Daly recalled the information regarding Ince Zangwill and nodded.

"Soest had also mentioned this problem in the beginning. However, he didn't verbalize it as clearly as you did. It's still in the stage of backward inference from a result of failures.

"Therefore, Her Excellency Goddess's Eye has gotten us to investigate the situation of the nearby district's Hunter pathway Beyonders and ingredients, and pretending as though nothing is confirmed. In the meantime, Her Excellency is preparing the usage of some corresponding items to lay a trap for the moment when the evil spirit gains control over Ince Zangwill and thus appears?"

Leonard turned his body and spoke as he walked:

"That's probably the case, but I suspect that it's unlikely for 0-08 to not know of it..."

Daly followed diagonally behind as she said in thought, "I believe there's still a chance for success. Don't forget that one of the honorific names of the Goddess is the Mother of Concealment."

"That can counter 0-08? The Church has a high-ranking member or Sealed Artifact that can counter 0-08? It's no wonder 0-08 was once obtained by the Church and sealed under the Holy Cathedral..." Leonard's eyes lit up as he came to a realization.

Daly nodded very slightly as her expression turned soft.

A few seconds later, her pupils contracted as she blurted out, "Do you think our discussion has caught the attention of 0-08?"

Leonard's expression fell, but he didn't dare confirm anything nor shake his head. He and Daly looked at each other, looking back and forth as they fell silent for a moment.

In a particular room, a slightly pale hand flipped a notebook to its very first page, then it flipped one page after another:

"After leaving Bansy Harbor, Sauron Einhorn Medici, who had obtained a certain object, was no longer only stubborn or only capable of instinctively conspiring. After repeated struggles and resisting, Ince Zangwill and he had obtained a truce and had even decided on having a limited cooperative effort so as to achieve each other's goals.

"To an evil spirit of the Red Priest pathway, such a promise cannot be guaranteed to be effective, but Ince Zangwill no longer had any other choice.

"From his point of view, this series of matters had many coincidences, but fundamentally, this was inevitable. At the very least, Sauron Einhorn Medici was many times better at creating stories than him.

"After confirming the destination to be the Southern Continent's East Balam, Ince Zangwill boarded a ship to the Berserk Sea... Every time, he would enter the Intis colonial islands, irrationally provoking the official Beyonders and hunting Beyonders from the Hunter pathway. Then, before danger arrived, he would quickly regain lucidity, cover his tracks, and flee far away.

"This might seem like a coincidence, but the problem is when it's the same coincidence every time, is it too much of a coincidence?

"From the perspective of logic and reason, too many coincidences imply that certain elements or rules were secretly in existence. The reason why Ince was able to do that was because he had written the words above. Using the Quill of Alzuhod, he naturally allowed himself to switch between the two states of 'being possessed by an evil spirit' and 'self-autonomy.' What a scheming fellow. This wasn't only directed at Ince Zangwill, but also at Sauron Einhorn Medici. They were clearly already coexisting in peace, but they acted out to be in conflict as though they were relying on an external force to achieve some semblance of balance.

"Ince Zangwill's purchase of additional Bard and Warrior pathway Beyonder ingredients was very reasonable. This was because he was hiding the clues that the evil spirit was using him to seek out various items of the Hunter pathway, and to prevent others from realizing that all of this was under his tacit agreement, disguising it as his attempts to resist. In addition, the Bard and Warrior pathways had the ability to resist the dead and exorcise evil spirits. As long as a clever person were to think it over carefully, they would undoubtedly notice this and verify that Ince Zangwill was being possessed.

"After numerous provocations, the Iron and Blood Cross Order's Tony Down finally locked onto Ince Zangwill and began pursuing him. During this process, this War Bishop, who had made his goal to become a Conqueror, showed off his powers without any restraint. When a storm happened to stop his pursuit, he appeared on a ship filled with ordinary people in an eyecatching manner before pulling out the fellow disguised as Ince Zangwill.

"This was a little coincidental, but it was nothing surprising. This was because the Iron and Blood Cross Order's belief is for the supernatural to be known to all, and to be placed above all

ordinary people. And Tony Down's unbridled arrogance often used his own strength to shatter the doubts of others and had extremely great confidence. Therefore, the way he acted was without a problem.

"Likewise, he was overly confident, causing him to neglect the possibility that Ince Zangwill was also on the ship. This didn't match his intuition as a hunter, but in this world, anyone could make mistakes!

"When Ince Zangwill disembarked on Waypoint Island, he sensed someone observing him from a first-class cabin, but he didn't mind it. This was exactly the effect he wanted. It was the best development if someone among the passengers happened to know him! Yes, happened to...

"It was neither too early nor too late. Before Soest's Red Gloves took action, Ince Zangwill met with Hand of White Palenque Taciblius of the Numinous Episcopate's Artificial Death faction, hoping to obtain their help in exorcising the evil spirit..."

Traces of words scribbled away.

"The course of events became a little strange. Before obtaining sufficient clues, Leonard Mitchell and Daly Simone of Soest's Red Gloves team seemed to reach a conclusion. It apparently came from a letter sent by Reinette Tinekerr...

"Where did the problem lie? Ince Zangwill was rather puzzled by this. From his point of view, unless one could directly capture Palenque Taciblius or other key personnel of the Numinous Episcopate, no one could come up with such a conclusion so quickly.

"This made his preparations a little hasty, but thankfully, this

was an outcome he wanted.

"The Red Gloves team led by Soest discovered Ince Zangwill's abnormalities from the feedback from various telegrams. Daly Simone used this opportunity to mention the assumption of an evil spirit's possession and had received a unanimous agreement.

"She claimed it to be a reasonable theory, but she was already in the know. She had learned it from Leonard Mitchell, who has a Parasite, and Leonard Mitchell's information source came from a letter sent by Reinette Tinekerr. Who could be the one who mailed it?

"Meanwhile, Leonard Mitchell and Daly Simone had already suspected that the evil spirit possessing Ince Zangwill belongs to the Hunter pathway...

"But is this the truth to the matter? Will everything develop according to what Daly Simone, Leonard Mitchell, and Soest's Red Gloves team have in mind?

"After the discussion with that person in the Cathedral of Serenity, the Cathedral of Serenity's high-ranking deacon, Ilya, believed Daly's theory and decided to use a Grade 1 Hunter pathway Sealed Artifact as bait, so as to allow Ince Zangwill to fall into a trap while the evil spirit was possessing him.

"To conceal this goal, she got Soest's Red Gloves team to continue investigating the relevant clues.

"Unfortunately, their premise was wrong. Although Ince Zangwill was possessed by an evil spirit, his actions had never been affected! All he had done before was an act. It was done in accordance with Sauron Einhorn Medici's suggestions, with the

aim to confuse the Church of Evernight and to make Ilya blindly attack. And a Red Angel evil spirit that was willing to help and cooperate was enough to change the battlefield's situation.

"Ince Zangwill's true motive for coming to the Southern Continent is:

"Hunt the high-ranking deacon, Ilya, of the Church of Evernight! It was for his advancement preparations by obtaining her Beyonder characteristic!

"He wanted to prove to everyone that the Church of Evernight had made a foolish mistake to abandon him back then!

"Of course, before beginning this operation, Ince Zangwill had to first satisfy Sauron Einhorn Medici's thirst-a thirst for Mid- and High-Sequence Beyonder characteristics of the Hunter pathway. To keep it a secret, he didn't plan on hunting locally, and he had prepared to do it further away.

"When the evil spirit's undying nature, Red Angel's level, and the uniqueness of a Gatekeeper combined, Ince Zangwill possessed the relatively High Sequence ability of 'Spirit World Traversal' of the Death pathway. He was able to head to remote areas and return in short periods of time. He had deliberately kept this under wraps before.

"After satisfying Sauron Einhorn Medici, Ince Zangwill decided to first kill Daly Simone and Leonard Mitchell and pretend to vaguely sense the Church of Evernight's trap. He would forcefully counterattack, only to lose his rationality and head for the trap.

"He didn't plan on leaving any unstable elements. All avengers that survived Tingen had to die!"

The notebook flipped to an empty spot as a pale-white hand grabbed a quill and added the words: "Today, everything will go smoothly."

West Balam, Northern State, Cookawa City.

"You aren't done with your investigation?" Anderson asked in boredom as he walked beside Danitz.

"Soon!" Danitz replied as he found it a little difficult to focus. "Do you have something to do?"

At this moment, Anderson took out a map and a stack of information. He said with a chuckle, "I've already figured out the rough location of an ancient mausoleum. Based on the traditions of East and West Balam, there's definitely plenty of treasure in it. Here, death doesn't mean an end but a new beginning. That's why they have tons of burial items."

Taken aback, Danitz asked in surprise, "I thought you weren't proficient in Dutanese?"

How did he gather the information?

Anderson chuckled and raised his black-gloved left palm. He spread his fingers and said, "I don't, but I can temporarily steal their language until I finish finding the information."

"I knew a fellow like you would have a few tricks up his sleeve!" Danitz said through gritted teeth as he pointed to the main street beside the square. "Goodbye!"

Anderson didn't stop him as he smilingly watched him walk away with large strides.

At this moment, the two simultaneously noticed a figure walking over.

The figure held a classic quill and wore a black clergyman's robe. He had dark blond hair with facial features akin to a classic sculpture. One of his eyes was so blue that it was nearly black, and the other was filled with small but obvious blood vessels. He was approaching Anderson and Danitz.

Anderson didn't know the middle-aged man, but his body couldn't help but tremble as though he was facing his nemesis.

Warning signs of danger flashed in his mind as his pupils rapidly dilated!

Suddenly, he heard a warm voice by his ears:

"Don't be nervous."

Who... Anderson blankly turned his head and saw a figure strangely appear beside him despite there not being anyone there in the first place.

This figure had apparently been there all this time, but he had always been ignored.

He wore a strangely simple white robe. He had a pale gold beard that covered half his face. His light-colored eyes were clear like a child's. He had a genial and reserved look.

Looking at the quill in Ince Zangwill's hand, this middle-aged man who was dressed like an ordinary priest half-closed his eyes, raised his right hand, and gestured four points before him.

Hanging there was a silver cross.

Chapter 941: Development That Adheres to Logic

The moment he saw the middle-aged man dressed as a priest, Anderson blanked out for a moment. Following that, the shackles in his mind suddenly shattered as countless memory fragments surged through an invisible barrier. It was as though long-suppressed emotions had suddenly erupted.

He remembered the things that had happened over the past two months. He remembered the mission that the demigod had given him!

Back in Bayam, he followed the thoughts in his mind to meet up with the demigod. He followed him and left the Rorsted Archipelago for a secret location.

There, he met the priest now beside him. They arranged for him to enter an ancient coffin, to lie there among Beyonder ingredients and a strange liquid blended from different kinds of blood, allowing them to seep into him.

After a month of this corrosive treatment, a dark red chrysalis formed inside his body. He then had his memories of this period sealed before being sent to West Balam. He was then psychologically conditioned not to leave until he recovered his memories.

This meant that he hadn't finished the demigod's mission and that it was still underway. Everything that had happened before had merely been preparation!

Scenes flashed through his mind as Anderson discovered that while he was playing the harmonica on the streets, checking into the hotel with Danitz, obtaining Language Comprehension charms from the Church of Knowledge's preachers, as well as his arrival in Northern State--throughout all these events, this genial, seemingly innocent priest had been beside him.

Whenever Anderson ate, he sat at a neighboring table. When he checked in, the neighboring room was his. When Anderson walked the streets, he walked right beside him. When playing the harmonica and putting on the ventriloquist act, this man watched him with a genial expression!

And Anderson hadn't noticed any of this back then. Danitz, who was beside him, the people around him-none of them had noticed him. It was as though they had never seen this priest before!

A chill rising from the depths of his heart ran from his tailbone up his spine to his brain. He felt that what he had experienced were enough to drive him insane, to the point of losing control.

Danitz, who had already put some distance between himself and Anderson, looked at the black-robed clergyman, Ince Zangwill, and then he looked at the simple priest who was praying with his eyes closed. He hurriedly bowed his head and softly chanted in ancient Hermes, "The Fool that doesn't belong to this era.

"The mysterious ruler above the gray fog.

"The King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck..."

A few days earlier, he had received Mr. Fool's revelation to handle some matters as a guise to stay around Anderson. It was so that he could immediately pray if anything abnormal happened.

Although he didn't know what would happen, or who he had encountered, Danitz, who always cherished his life, didn't hold back and did as he was told--even if anything abnormal that occurred might very well be him being overly imaginative!

For this, he had deliberately put on the boxing glove made from Groselle's Beyonder characteristic. It ensured that he would act before thinking and lose no time!

At this point, Ince Zangwill had stopped walking. His dark blue, nearly black eye and the eye filled with blood vessels reflected the priest in simple white robes who had a cross hanging by his chest.

A furious voice resounded in both his mind and his mouth:

"Adam!"

The Creator's son, King of Angels, Adam! Before Ince Zangwill could finish his sentence, the priest opposite him opened his eyes. His light-colored eyes were already pure gold.

Suddenly, pitch-black stone columns rose around them, forming a majestic cathedral.

Inside this cathedral, each column, each arch, and the surface of every dome was embedded with the bones of different races. They were densely packed, their varied eye sockets staring at Ince Zangwill. They surrounded a cross that was more than a hundred meters tall.

In front of the cross, a blurry figure stood there as though he was watching everything with compassion.

This was a cathedral of corpses, but instead of appearing eerie, it was filled with holiness!

The walls, windows, and doors of the cathedral had transparent, warped faces protruding. It was as though countless souls were sealed inside, preventing Beyonders from sensing the existence of the spirit world or astral world!

The square and pedestrians from before had vanished. They were kept outside the corpse cathedral that had suddenly appeared.

Ince Zangwill's classical quill had already flown up as it wrote rapidly on his black clergyman's robe:

"Anderson Hood is Gehrman Sparrow's friend. Ouroboros had taken notice of him, and due to various unknown reasons, Ouroboros's appearance here was a development that adhered to logic!"

Just as the quill wrote the exclamation mark, light beams shone in from the stained-glass windows of the corpse cathedral, forming stacked illusory pure feathers.

Beneath the enveloping feathers, a long, silver-haired figure materialized, kneeling in prayer. Following that, the figure stood up straight.

"He" wore a simple linen robe and was handsome, with soft facial features. He was none other than King of Angels, Tail Devourer Ouroboros!

Ouroboros's eyes were momentarily unfocused, but they soon reflected the genial priest's image.

In "His" eyes, at "His" feet, and on the stacked feathers of light behind "Him," a supernatural, mysterious circle was accentuated, forming an illusory river like a snake with its head joined to its tail.

The corpse cathedral once again reverted to the point when the pitch-black stone columns had just risen and the surrounding square still hovered on the boundary of existence.

Taking this opportunity, Ouroboros flew out. Ince Zangwill didn't hesitate as he made the surrounding colors deepen and overlap.

Just as this Nightwatcher was about to step into the spirit world, he suddenly saw a cross more than a hundred meters long plummet down from high above.

This cross impaled the middle of the unformed corpse cathedral as the blurry figure that carried the cross raised its head.

Infinite light spewed out, drowning Ouroboros and the quill-holding Ince Zangwill within.

The corpse cathedral, filled with the bones of different races and countless distorted souls, took shape once more.

Upon hearing the stacked, illusory pleas, Klein was in his hotel, idly considering mundane matters and lampooning out of boredom.

He suddenly stood up, went straight to the window and looked towards the nearby square.

On the square, coffins were coming and going. The fountain was still spewing, and music reverberated through the air. Everything seemed normal and even felt idyllic. Here, the only discordant sight was Anderson genuflecting with a stiff expression while a trembling Danitz was praying with his eyes closed. Without a second thought, Klein followed the plan he had formulated above the gray fog. He controlled Winner Enzo, a hundred meters away, and had him enter the telegraph office. He had instructed Danitz to live beside a telegraph office!

At the same time, he took out his adventurer's harmonica and blew into it.

Reinette Tinekerr walked out of the void with the four blonde, red-eyed heads in hand. All eight eyes turned to the square.

"For Leonard, Miss Messenger. He likely hasn't left your detection range." Klein took out a letter he had already prepared and a gold coin before handing it to Miss Messenger.

What he said and did was akin to a marionette. He only followed the instructions he had prepared in advance. If he couldn't help thinking of something else, he would immediately use Cogitation to divert his attention.

This was the method for dealing with 0-08 that he had learned from Will Auceptin. By completing all his thinking above the gray fog, all he did was act according to plan in the real world.

And in a particular prayer from Danitz, Klein had used the resulting scene to observe Anderson who was nearby. In the end, he discovered an unfamiliar priest who yet somehow felt familiar by his side.

Recalling the hidden connection between the Psychology Alchemists and the Twilight Hermit Order, then linking it to the contents of Emperor Roselle's diary, Klein immediately realized something. He was certain about what would happen next:

The master of the Twilight Hermit Order, the son of the Creator, Angel of Imagination Adam, was conspiring to obtain 0-08!

This also meant that Ince Zangwill was very likely to appear, with Anderson as his target!

Then, Klein redid his plan above the gray fog, pretending as though he had never noticed anything. He continued his state as a "marionette in reality."

One of Reinette Tinekerr's heads bit onto the letter as the eight eyes looked deeply at Klein for two seconds.

Klein nodded almost imperceptibly without a word, watching Miss Messenger return to the spirit world.

In the Cookawa telegraph office, Winner Enzo handed the staff the telegram, address, and verla gold he had prepared, urging them to send it immediately.

"West Balam, Northern State, Cookawa. Ince Zangwill has appeared."

The radio waves swiftly spread, sending the message to the major bases of the Church of Evernight in West Balam and East Balam.

East Balam.

"Why are you always active around the cathedral? Why don't you go further to carry out the investigations?" Daly asked Leonard.

Leonard thought for a moment, then answered frankly and seriously, "Awaiting news."

Daly nodded thoughtfully without prying further.

She fell silent, no longer playing jokes on Leonard. It was as though she was waiting for something as well.

Suddenly, Leonard's spiritual perception was triggered, and he turned to look left.

As a Gatekeeper, Daly had already turned her gaze in that direction.

A letter had appeared at some point, landing underneath a gas street lamp.

Without avoiding Daly, Leonard hurriedly picked up the envelope and opened it.

The letter's contents were very simple. There was only one line:

"West Balam, Northern State, Cookawa, Revival Square. Coordinates..."

Leonard's expression turned heavy as he turned to Daly and said, "Ma'am, please help me to cover my tracks."

As he spoke, his left glove turned transparent. He stuffed his right hand into his pocket and grasped the Fate Siphon charm.

Daly fell silent for a second and said with utmost seriousness, "Bring me along.

"Back then, you managed to at least fight, but I didn't have the time to do anything."

Leonard's expression changed as his mouth fell slightly open. Finally, without saying a word, he grabbed Daly's shoulder.

The two then vanished from the nearly empty street.

As he watched Miss Messenger leave, and once he confirmed that the telegraph office had at least sent one telegram, Klein immediately took four steps counterclockwise and entered the space above the gray fog. He sat in the high-backed chair of The Fool and beckoned for the Tyrant card, the Sea God Scepter, and a silver-gray charm.

In an instant, he wore a papal tiara and papal robes, a bone scepter in hand.

Amidst silver bolts of lightning, Klein spread his spirituality towards the point of light where Danitz was.

Chapter 942: Deity's Curse

As Klein's spirituality made contact, the points of light suddenly expanded into a scene before his eyes.

With his Shadow Cloak up, Danitz was praying with his head bowed in the corner of the square, chanting The Fool's honorific name in ancient Hermes.

Thanks to this, Klein could see an expanded area around him, and he began searching for Ince Zangwill.

Through the gray fog, everything he saw was clearly different from what he had previously seen. In the middle of the square, a pitch-black cathedral embedded with corpses had appeared at some point. Its interior was dark, with no sign of activity.

Using this opportunity, Klein replied to Danitz's prayer, "Leave the area. Find somewhere concealed."

As he spoke slowly, dressed in the papal tiara and dark robes, Klein raised his left hand and made the blue gems at the tip of the bone scepter light up.

Sharp, jarring sounds immediately resounded in Revival Square in the real world as a sudden gale swept the area. It drove away the people relaxing there and sent pedestrians hurrying for shelter. Even Anderson, who had a frozen expression, recovered his usual insouciant attitude. Holding his abdomen, he quickly rushed out of the dangerous area.

In a few seconds, Revival Square became extremely silent. Even the pedestrians who walked slowly without running felt as though the wind were carrying them along.

The empty square fell briefly silent. Then, a flame appeared from the corpse cathedral's window. It grew in size and became increasingly blinding.

Silently, the stained-glass windows shattered as blinding blue-tinged white light shot out like a meteor.

This flaming light instantly crumbled, materializing into Ince Zangwill, who wore a black clergyman's robe and had one dark blue eye and one bloodshot eye.

The moment this Nightwatcher appeared, he couldn't help but open his mouth and scoff at the classical quill in his hand.

"If a fool like you didn't listen to my suggestion, how could something like this happen!

"I'm not even sure what you're afraid of. If you had allowed me to pray to the Lord, allowing me to secretly return to the Rose Redemption and join forces with the 'Serpent,' our preparations would allow us to set up a trap. Today, we will be the ones hunting Adam, and not the other way around!"

The seemingly dark and damaged quill immediately flew up and wrote on an empty spot of Ince Zangwill's clothes:

"Out of shame-fueled rage, Sauron Einhorn Medici blamed this development on the Quill of Alzuhod, but in fact, it was 'He' who was stopping himself from praying to the True Creator. Be it Sauron or Einhorn, neither one of them trusted this evil god.

"Today's development worsened this evil spirit's dissociative disorder! This is extremely reasonable. This is the diagnosis by the best, most professional psychiatrist!"

"Ince Zangwill" immediately frowned as he raised his left hand and pressed it to his head.

His dark blue eye rapidly recovered its luster as the classically handsome face turned extremely stern.

At this moment, having escaped the corpse cathedral, he was no longer facing the square. Instead, he faced flights of ancient stone stairs. They led to the peak of a towering mountain. At its summit stood a huge cross with countless angels spiraling around it.

At this moment, an exaggerated bolt of silver lightning tore through the overcast sky, smiting Ince Zangwill.

The sealed and strange space cracked. The fountain and its splashes appeared in his dark blue eye.

Ince Zangwill's figure immediately vanished, leaving behind a blurry, transparent spirit. The latter was struck by lightning and was instantly obliterated.

This Nightwatcher didn't have the luxury of time to consider what other lurking dangers there were. He took this opportunity to transform into a flame as he passed through a crack and rushed out.

To him, no matter what lay ahead of him, nothing was more terrifying and difficult to deal with than the Son of the Creator, King of Angels Adam!

Upon seeing the flame rise up from the square, allowing Ince Zangwill to escape the illusory world's restraints and return to his appearance with dark blond hair and pale hands, Klein raised his head slightly and subconsciously sat upright.

Countless scenes flashed across his mind--his heart being pierced, the pair of bright leather boots just before his previous death, Dunn Smith smiling at him with a wink of his left eye, and the Blackthorn Security Company which had been reduced to ruins.

Klein's lips quickly curled upward as he revealed a comical smile.

He then muttered solemnly using ancient Hermes, "Misfortune!"

The silver-gray charm on his right palm suddenly burst into a gloomy black light.

Klein had made this charm from the domain of misfortune using the Snake of Mercury Will Auceptin's blood and precious metals, through a prayer to the Evernight Goddess.

This was a present he had prepared for Ince Zangwill.

It was an arrow of vengeance.

It was a deity's curse!

Klein immediately stood up, stretched his shoulders, and threw out his right arm, fusing the gloomy black light with the small amount of power he could stir from above the gray fog as he threw them at Ince Zangwill.

Just as Ince Zangwill returned to Revival Square, he saw a dark beam appear out of nowhere. It blanketed the entire sky, making him find himself in an extremely dark environment.

Such a change happened in a flash before everything was restored to normal in an instant. Nothing seemed amiss, but as a Nightwatcher who could give others a certain level of bad luck, Ince Zangwill acutely "smelled" the aura of danger. Without any hesitation, he reached out his left palm in an attempt to use the evil spirit within him and his powers as a Gatekeeper to enter the spirit world and flee.

However, none of the surrounding bright flowers, pure white fountain, and dark tiles had their colors deepen, much less become stacked.

Ince Zangwill's Spirit World Traversal had become ineffective!

His gaze froze as he seemed to understand the reason. It was because the evil spirit in him was struggling internally; thus, it refused to lend him its power.

"See? Everything would be fine if you had listened to me!"

"Bullsh*t! 'I'd rather die than believe in the True Creator!"

"What's the point of saying all of this? Didn't you still end up the same as us, being made into a potion by Alista Tudor?"

"So none of you are nervous at all? Didn't you notice that the curse clearly came with divine aura? That power was fundamentally very powerful. Our present condition doesn't allow us to avoid it at all. Haha, keep arguing. Go on! I'll wait to die with all of you."

Ince Zangwill's temple throbbed at those words. He was furious that Sauron Einhorn Medici would suddenly engage in internal strife at such a critical moment. They didn't seem to notice the danger they were in at all.

As a former archbishop, as a Beyonder who had watched over the Church of Evernight's Holy Artifacts, Ince Zangwill didn't let his judgment become clouded because of his rage. He instinctively believed that the gloomy black beam had something to do with the Evernight Goddess's authority over misfortune. He believed that Sauron Einhorn Medici's sudden fallout was clearly the result of this influence. Otherwise, it was impossible for the Red Angel evil spirit to break into a quarrel without regard for their predicament simply because of the Quill of Alzuhod's writing!

He immediately turned around, quickly running toward another exit of Revival Square in an attempt to communicate with other spirits. He wished to borrow their powers to escape; however, there wasn't a single spirit around!

At this moment, a figure stood in a secluded corner of the open square. He was a mixed-blood with one parent from Loen and the other from Balam. He had a fleshy face and baggy clothes. On his waist hung a rapier.

It was Admiral Hell Ludwell!

This was a marionette who ordinarily had no thoughts!

After throwing out the Deity's Curse charm, Klein followed his plan, returned to the real world, and put his two marionettes to use!

After having Enzo find a corner, he took out the items he prepared, set up a bestowment ritual, and controlled Admiral Hell to walk to a secluded spot to face Ince Zangwill.

This Admiral Hell, who looked nothing like his original self, raised his right hand, allowing his arm and fingers to rapidly become incorporeal as they extended towards the target.

This was a power he used by borrowing the Underworld creature within him to extract the Spirit Bodies of others remotely!

Ludwell's palm quickly turned pale white, and a figure rose uncontrollably from Ince Zangwill.

However, Ince Zangwill had once been a Gatekeeper. An illusory bronze door filled with mystery immediately formed in his eyes as it quickly pulled back his escaping Spirit Body.

With his level and strength, this should not have gone so smoothly, but for some reason, he repeatedly made mistakes and nearly allowed Admiral Hell to succeed. For a brief moment, all he could manage to do was a seesaw struggle.

At this moment, two figures rapidly appeared beside Ludwell. One of them was the black-haired, green-eyed Leonard with a transparent glove in hand, and the other was Davy Simone who had blue eyeshadow and blush.

They had arrived at precisely the right moment because the bad luck of an enemy often implied that one was lucky enough!

The first thing Daly saw was the figure she could never forget. Fury blazed in her eyes instantly.

She didn't attack rashly as she made some observations. She moved behind Ludwell and spread her arms.

A bronze door filled with countless strange patterns immediately descended and creaked slightly open.

This was a door that led to the Underworld. It was a door irresistibly alluring to all undead creatures!

An indescribable and terrifying suction force poured from it as the figure hovering above Ince Zangwill's body completely separated from him.

It was a translucent man wearing blood-stained black armor. He was young and handsome with red hair. His face had terrifying signs of decay, and at his glabella was a flag-like mark.

This young man wasn't too surprised about being separated from

Ince Zangwill. Instead, he sneered.

"We truly are unlucky today. We have already died together once, so is there a need to do so another time? Especially when we're being controlled by such a weakling?"

A bloody gap appeared on his upper left cheek as it opened and closed.

"Alright, let's clear out the surrounding trash..."

Before the sentence was finished, the man in blood-stained black armor reached out his palm and drew out an illusory sword with dark red rust stains from his body.

A terrifying suppressive force easily allowed the evil spirit to free itself from Ludwell's and Daly Simone's extraction. It swooped down in an attempt to return to Ince Zangwill's body.

At this moment, a hoarse voice sounded, as rough as sandpaper. Admiral Hell Ludwell had chanted in ancient Hermes, "Fate!"

Chapter 943: The Third Act

"Fate!

In the awkward-sounding voice, the spots where Admiral Hell Ludwell and Nightwatcher Ince Zangwill stood turned dark as if they were covered by two black clouds.

Fate Siphon charm!

This was one of the Fate Siphon charms that Klein had made using the Worms of Time from Pallez Zoroast!

To make plans without 0-08's knowledge, he had kept himself hidden behind the scenes the entire time. Not only had he lent Creeping Hunger to Leonard Mitchell, he had also given the Fate Siphon charm to his marionette!

Hence, the one who was possessed by the evil spirit shifted from Ince Zangwill to Ludwell.

Admiral Hell instantly had Sauron Einhorn Medici's bloodstained, black-armored body plunge into him as his eyes became filled with minute blood vessels.

Inside the hotel, Klein calmly controlled the marionette without wavering or hesitating due to the impact the evil spirit had. Ludwell reached out to tear his clothes and raised the soul-soothing mask to cover his face.

At the same time, having heard the Red Angel's words, and witnessing "His actual condition, Daly Simone, who had suffered immense pressure, seemed to realize something. Not only did she not close the Door to the Underworld, she even gritted her teeth and used all her might to widen the gap.

Bloody, skinless arms, slimy tentacles with teeth, and bluish-black vines with baby faces began emerging from the Door to the Underworld as they grabbed at Ludwell.

This freed up Admiral Hell who had planned on completing this step alone. Taking advantage of the opportunity that the Underworld within his body had not yet been destroyed by Sauron Einhorn Medici, with the only negative effects on his body being decaying, he hurriedly turned around and dashed towards the mysterious, illusory bronze door!

He was then grabbed on his body and legs by the arms, tentacles, vines, and spirits behind the door. With his momentum combining with those scalp-tingling tugs, he instantly leaped through the widened door gap and entered the Underworld.

Upon seeing this, Daly immediately pulled back her palm and stopped maintaining the mysterious-patterned bronze door.

Thud!

The indescribable illusory door closed heavily. Admiral Hell Ludwell, along with Sauron Einhorn Medici, were shut away from the real world with the Underworld creatures.

This was a key step to Klein's plan. It was to forcibly separate the Red Angel evil spirit from Ince Zangwill!

Although he believed that the Red Angel evil spirit was the reason for Ince Zangwill's instability, he wasn't willing to face an additional evil spirit formed after the deaths of one King of Angels and two Sequence 1 angels when taking revenge on a demigod. No one could predict what actions a Conspirer would take in such circumstances.

Therefore, Klein used the basis of the magical powers of the Fate Siphon charm and Ludwell's pathway characteristic to formulate a plan. The addition of Daly had allowed the entire process to happen more smoothly. There wasn't any room for being interrupted as they successfully pulled the Red Angel evil spirit into the Underworld!

This way, even if the evil spirit was able to possess Admiral Hell's body and travel back to the real world via Spirit World Traversal, it would be far into the future. After all, to leave the Underworld required them to find an exit, and with the Evernight Goddess wielding control over Artificial Death, she had a certain level of authority in the Underworld. "She was definitely not letting the Red Angel evil spirit leave so easily.

Sacrificing a marionette, a high-level charm, and two mystical items in exchange for removing the Red Angel evil spirit from the battlefield was heart-wrenching for Klein, but it was definitely worth it!

As for the misfortune on Ince Zangwill, on the one hand, it was a continuous state and not a short-term affliction; and on the other hand, he had suffered from Deity's Curse. The Fate Siphon charm could only replace a tiny portion of that and not empty it out. He could soon recover. As for Ludwell, he had Winner Enzo imbuing him with good luck. Nothing would stop his series of actions for a short period of time.

Such a change was completely unexpected for Leonard. However, he had become a Red Glove for almost a year. He had plenty of experience dealing with supernatural cases, so he didn't show any hesitation or confusion. He immediately cast his gaze at the still-dazed Ince Zangwill.

When the figure in a black clergyman's robe with one dim eye was reflected in his eyes, his expression immediately warped as though he was facing a trauma of his.

It was a trauma where he did his best but had been unable to help. It was the trauma of seeing Captain and Klein already dead after regaining consciousness.

As Leonard raised his left palm, he pressed the human-skinned glove to his temple and grasped the Fate Siphon charm in his right hand tightly. With a deep voice, he said, "Fate!

The ancient, supernatural language echoed as a transparent book condensed in front of his left glove. Following that, there was the ethereal chant of "I came, I saw, I record.

Bolts of bright silver lightning blasted down one after another as they instantly devoured Leonard.

Lightning Storm!

This was akin to Leonard holding a revolver to his temple before pulling the trigger.

He was committing suicide, but at the same time, he was using the Fate Siphon charm. This would transfer such a fate to Ince Zangwill!

This was the best solution he could think of when using the Fate Siphon charm and Creeping Hunger! It required immense courage!

Countless silver lightning swept over, shattering the surrounding darkness. Leonard Mitchell immediately snapped awake and found himself still standing at his spot. His left hand had yet to rise, and his right hand had just grabbed the Fate Siphon charm.

Whatever he did was just a dream!

At this moment, in Ince Zangwill's dark blue eyes, darkness was slowly swirling. It was as though it was saying: When did you get the misconception that you aren't dreaming?

In fact, long before Sauron Einhorn Medici had been extracted from his body, he had already created a large-scale dream in an attempt to pull all his enemies in. Unfortunately, the man with a rapier was completely unaffected. He easily escaped and ended up destroying the dream, reducing its effects to nothing.

As the ability to detect danger which was gained from one's Spiritual perception feedback was that obvious, and with the possibility of the conflict between the two Kings of Angels behind him spilling over at any moment, Ince Zangwill didn't hesitate to create a large-scale slumber effect while pulling Daly Simone and Leonard Mitchell into a dream.

Right on the heels of that, he picked up Quill of Alzuhod and rapidly wrote on his sleeve:

"Ince Zangwill was in optimal condition today. He could effectively control his Mythical Creature form; therefore, he didn't hold back and used all his strength to escape the area!

As he finished writing the sentence with the quill, Ince Zangwill's body began transforming.

His eyes instantly turned black as though it was tainted with ink. The fine patterns around him began to extend, forming strange and distorted mysterious symbols.

At his waist and ribs, his clothes swelled as four skinless arms grew out from squirming flesh; they were covered with blood vessels.

The arm was rapidly covered with white feathers as a cadaveric aura rippled out.

At the same time, Ince Zangwill's teeth grew long, turning sharp. His body seemed to be embedded with numerous blurry, tiny faces.

In a blink of an eye, this Nightwatcher was already slumped on the ground, turning into a strange monster with eight "legs and white feathers!

Night suddenly fell upon the square as worms in the soil and the bacteria on the floor tiles died one after another, entering an eternal slumber.

This was the combination of the powers of Evernight and Death!

Just as Daly Simone and Leonard Mitchell were about to lose their lives amidst their slumber, a thunderclap boomed.

Bolts of silver lightning struck down, turning into a forest of lightning that blanketed Ince Zangwill's incomplete Mythical Creature form.

After sending away the Red Angel evil spirit, Klein didn't stay any longer. Like a marionette with preset orders, he mechanically took four steps counterclockwise and entered the space above the gray fog. Wearing the papal tiara and papal robe again, he picked up the Sea God Scepter!

This was the third act of the play. With 0-08 exhausted by Adam, and with the Red Angel evil spirit separated from Ince Zangwill thanks to the Fate Siphon charm, he had to face the Sea God's wrath as a Sequence 4!

Klein knew that he didn't have the strength to directly fight a demigod. Therefore, his plan had been to wear down Ince Zangwill's support while smiting him from above the gray fog. It was akin to the sea battle with the demigod, Qonas Kilgor, who was from the Black Emperor pathway back then.

Even if he couldn't complete the kill due to a demigod's resilience, he could stall for time until the Church of Evernight's archbishop or high-ranking deacons with Sealed Artifacts arrived!

In this plan, there were two uncontrollable parameters.

First, it was unpredictable how much influence 0-08 had near the end. A card up his sleeve was to let Enzo set up a bestowment ritual and be prepared to send Groselle's Travels to the real world at any time. By sending it to the edge of the battle, Klein wanted to know if this would lure the quill away from Ince Zangwill. After all, he guessed that the quill was a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact of the Spectator pathway. It was likely that it was interested in the special book left behind by the Dragon of Imagination.

Second, he wasn't sure how strong the Son of the Creator, Adam, was. Klein had no reference point, and he believed that it wasn't impossible for a King of Angels like him to subdue 0-08, imprison the Red Angel evil spirit, and kill Ince Zangwill alone!

Against such a development, Klein had no means to foil it. All he could do was pray for the Goddess's blessings and Fate's favor as he waited for the outcome.

Rumble!

The lightning forest smote down, bringing with it intense destructive auras.

At this moment, pure darkness surged out of the gaps in the lightning, devouring all of the silver-white swath.

Right on the heels of that, Ince Zangwill's eight "legs moved rapidly as he ran out of the area.

He couldn't find a target of attack, nor could he lock onto the enemy that had cast Lightning Storm. Holding back his furious emotions, he ran towards buildings along the perimeter of the square, leaving shadowy afterimages behind.

However, amidst booming thunder, terrifying lightning bolts smote down one after another, trapping Ince Zangwill inside the square.

Daly and Leonard had already woken up from their dreams, but the light from the lightning affected their vision, allowing them to make discoveries that Ince Zangwill had apparently turned into a monster, but the details were unclear.

Mythical Creature form... As the two had a solid foundation in mysticism, they immediately realized what was happening and quickly closed their eyes. They then retreated to a spot that provided them shelter.

Realizing that he was unable to dodge the lightning strike given the amount of time he had, Ince Zangwill retracted one of his "legs, picked up 0-08, and as he ran, he wrote on his body:

"An unknown existence is attracted by the combat and feels great pity for Ince Zangwill's experiences before deciding to help him by taking him away via the spirit world!

Chapter 944: The Fourth Act

On the heavily scuffed and damaged Revival Square, the environment turned dark as a gloominess and eeriness filled it almost tangibly. Even the blinding silver lightning wasn't able to dispel this feeling.

Daly Simone acutely sensed that an unknown creature was traversing the spirit world and approaching. An ominous feeling rose up in her as though she could already see Ince Zangwill using such an accident to easily escape, never to be found.

She felt an irresistible, icy chill, just like when she first became a Beyonder.

Back then, due to a particular accident, as a nineteen-year-old, she had lost her family and accidentally drank a potion by mistake. She ended up becoming a Corpse Collector and was placed into a Nighthawks team.

The influence of the potion and the wounds from losing her family had made her enjoy gloominess and coldness. She couldn't help but approach corpses, often loitering in cemeteries and sleeping there.

This made her appear odd, with people instinctively avoiding her. This not only lowered her body temperature, but it also slowly froze her heart and soul as they turned ice-cold.

She was afraid of this feeling. She still hoped to live as a person; hence, she instinctively used men's desire for her beauty and body to find a boyfriend. She wanted to use the warmth of a body to stop her soul from turning cold.

In this decadent and surreal life, she met that man, a man who always warmly listened to her. He was a man who always stayed beside her and helped her. He was a man who became embarrassed when faced with jokes involving the two sexes. He was a man who accepted all the flaws and weaknesses of his teammates with a sincere attitude. He was a man who floundered helplessly when she jested at him again and again. He was a man who hid the pain and sorrow in his heart, to the point of suffering an early receding hairline. He was a man who was the first to step forward when encountering danger, putting himself in between the danger and his teammates.

She changed. She began putting on makeup that made her appear older. She stopped mixing with other men but kept making jokes so that the change wouldn't be too obvious.

However, she still didn't make it in time. She didn't manage to witness the man master the acting method, digest potions, and advance to Sequence 6. She didn't manage to see him reach out his hand to invite her to an opening dance or be able to participate in his final battle. She didn't manage to tell him her feelings in time.

I was wrong. I failed to do anything in time. Today, I won't let it happen again... Daly's expression turned sorrowful as the corners of her lips curled bit by bit with tenderness and sweetness.

With her eyes closed, she suddenly pulled out a small metal bottle from a hidden compartment. She pulled out the stopper and gulped the liquid inside.

Her blue eyeshadow and blush instantly brightened, and even her skin turned slightly translucent. Her coiled-up hair was instantly released, pushing her hood back as they fluttered.

"Spirit wandering the void, higher-order creature that inspires awe, the unforeseeable creature," Daly chanted with simple and forceful ancient Hermes, "I, I shall sign a contract with you in my name, ask you to leave this place!"

Behind the eight-"legged," the white-feathered Ince Zangwill, a figure appeared. It was a blood-colored piece of flesh with countless eyes on it and arms of different races.

Just as it was about to grab Ince Zangwill and drag him into the spirit world, it suddenly paused. It then turned its gaze towards Daly Simone.

Pitch-black snake-like scales instantly appeared on Daly's skin, and within the gaps of the scales, white feathers grew.

Her knees buckled as she knelt in pain, but she ultimately maintained her spirit channeling posture.

That quill began writing autonomously on Ince Zangwill's body.

"The unknown existence descended upon Revival Square and was just about to take Ince Zangwill away--but no, it was attracted by Daly Simone. Its sense of aesthetics was inclined towards humans. Oh no, it abandoned Ince Zangwill. It decided to listen to Daly Simone's suggestion and ended up leaving.

"How surprising that when it came to spirit channeling, Ince Zangwill, a demigod, would actually lose to Sequence 5 Daly Simone. Although this lady had consumed the Flower of Spirit and paid an immense price, she had little chance to defeat Ince Zangwill who was barely using the Quill of Alzuhod.

"Ince Zangwill was just too unlucky. He actually encountered a matter with nearly zero probability!"

Amidst the lightning strikes, blood-red beams lit up in Ince Zangwill's pitch-black eyes that were covered with mysterious symbols before calming down. His "hand," which held the quill wrote on his body once again:

"Another unknown existence was lured into the vicinity and attempted to enter the real world..."

Just as he wrote that, the quill suddenly paused as it continued writing:

"Incoming! Incoming! It, no--'She' was Reinette Tinekerr! No, Reinette Tinekerr chased away all the surrounding creatures in the spirit world. 'She' gave Ince Zangwill a glance, looked away, and left, continuing 'Her' patrol of the surroundings.

"Ince Zangwill is too unlucky, just too unlucky!"

Ince Zangwill's rapidly moving body suddenly paused as though he had suffered a terrible blow.

Boom!

A thick bolt of silver-white lightning smote the eight-"legged" monster. It sent Ince Zangwill flying up as he let out an inhuman cry.

In his pitch-black eyes, the blood-red beam spread out like an explosion, turning into two bloodthirsty, cruel, and maniacal blobs of light.

"Ince Zangwill could no longer control his emotions and maintain a good state of mind. He lost most of his reason..." The more the slightly damaged quill wrote, the darker it became until it slowly stopped.

With a scream that left one with goosebumps, an endless darkness blanketed the area, pulling Daly Simone and Leonard Mitchell into a dream.

However, the thunder booms and lightning snapped the dreamers awake.

Ince Zangwill took a step back with his eight "legs," leaving behind an afterimage in his spot. He rapidly ran towards Daly Simone who was on the brink of losing control, hoping to rip apart the Nighthawk who had foiled his plans for escaping.

Boom! Boom!

Ridiculous bolts of lightning blasted down, stopping his attempts to escape.

Boom! Boom!

The eight "legs" that were covered with white feathers, which now had signs of being charred, moved one after another as he kept his body low while he circled the square, dodging the lightning in searching for an opportunity to kill Leonard and Daly.

With time, he realized there was a problem with the remaining reason that he had. The frequency of the lightning was dropping!

The person that kept casting Lightning Strike had apparently reached his limit, and his spirituality was almost drained!

Ince Zangwill's heart stirred as a cruel smile was plastered across his face. He ran at high speeds as he muttered in ancient Feysac, "All of you will die!"

He had apparently forgotten his need to escape.

All of you will die... Leonard Mitchell could do nothing despite hearing that sentence. It was because he couldn't even open his eyes. He couldn't determine where Ince Zangwill was, nor use his spirituality to lock onto him.

At this moment, he felt as if he had returned to Tingen, back to the Blackthorn Security Company, back to the day when they engaged Megose in an intense battle. He had returned to the time when he was weak and helpless, unable to stop anything himself.

Back then, he clearly wanted to help Captain and Klein. Despite overcoming his fear, despite having Old Man to provide him with help, he quickly fainted due to his low Sequence and lack of strength; thus, failing to participate in the subsequent battle. All he could do was wake up to see two corpses and use the pain of meeting family members to resolve the blame he placed on himself.

He always cherished his leisurely life in Tingen City, the feeling of not needing to take any responsibility as if he was the protagonist. However, the more he cherished those memories, the more he hated his former self, wondering why he hadn't worked harder.

With his eyes tightly closed, dancing lights darted around him, and all he could do was clench his hands into fists as he hurriedly shouted, "Old Man!

"Old Man!"

This time, there wasn't any response in his mind. No one provided him any help, as Pallez Zoroast was still in a deep sleep.

Leonard's breathing turned heavy as he couldn't help but move his head from side to side with the darting of the light. Then, with a slightly hoarse voice, he shouted in clear anxiety, "Old Man!

"Old Man!

"Old Man!!"

His voice gradually softened, drowned by the thunder. Leonard slowly lowered his head, his face filled with shame and pain.

His lips quivered as he relaxed his hand and gripped it tight again. His entire body froze for several seconds.

Suddenly, he wore a firm expression. With a grimace, he opened his mouth and chanted softly in ancient Hermes, "The Fool that doesn't belong to this era.

"The mysterious ruler above the gray fog.

"The King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck!"

Just as he said the prayers, he magically saw a scene in his mind.

Ince Zangwill, who had seemingly turned into a spider or some deformed feather wolf, was running frantically and dodging the lightning strikes. From time to time, he attempted to attack him and Daly Simone.

And unlike usual, Ince Zangwill's figure appeared rather blurry in this scene. It was almost completely represented by red light, and it could only be used to determine his location.

Leonard was first taken aback as he immediately laughed. Teardrops flowed down as he laughed.

Without any hesitation, he raised his left palm, pressed the glove to his temple, and then tightly gripped the Fate Siphon charm with his right hand.

"Fate!"

The incomprehensible, mysterious word in ancient Hermes resounded as a transparent book appeared in front of Leonard. It flipped to a page amidst the ethereal chanting of "I came, I saw, I record," as he locked onto the eight-"legged" monster with white feathers growing all over him.

Silver bolts of lightning blasted as Leonard Mitchell threw out the charm with a hideous expression, shouting, "Die! Ince Zangwill!"

He had waited to say this for a very, very long time. He had played this scene in his head so, so many times.

Chapter 945: The Story's Ending

The moment the Fate Siphon charm left Leonard Mitchell's hand, it vanished into midair, its whereabouts unknown. It cloaked the spots where he and Ince Zangwill stood in darkness. Even the burgeoning silver storm was unable to illuminate it.

At that instant, Leonard felt the surface of his body turn numb, as though lightning was leaping over it, creating a slight stabbing pain, one that would completely pulverize his body at any moment.

But following that, he didn't suffer irresistible pain, as though nothing had happened.

No, something did happen. A bolt of lightning smote down at him as if it bared its fangs, shattering the ground and charring the soil.

Klein had personally redirected his casting of Lightning Storm from Ince Zangwill when Leonard Mitchell used the Fate Siphon charm!

"Ah "

A shrill scream sounded as the rich darkness around Ince Zangwill failed to dissipate the storm that was formed from a mesh of silver lightning bolts. His body was swept into the heart of the storm.

He had suffered the fate of Leonard Mitchell being devoured by the Lightning Storm ability!

Boom!

The thunder boomed deeply as the lightning forest quickly dissipated, but before the Lightning Storm came to a complete end, more bolts of silver lightning smote down from the sky, causing a new wave of attacks.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The thunder god's wrath smote down again and again as the lightning's frequency returned to normal. There were no gaps between them. Even though there were waves of darkness surging out from Ince Zangwill's position, they were unable to obliterate the silver swath.

After a few Lightning Storms, the blinding light finally dimmed. The minute bolts snaked around weakly.

Ince Zangwill remained standing there without collapsing.

However, his head with pitch-black eyes, blood-red halos, and mysterious symbols had cracked. The flesh inside the cracks was charred black as a grayish-white liquid seeped out.

The four "legs" by his torso had already been burnt black and curled up together. All it took was a touch for them to fall off.

On them, not only were the white feathers gone, even the overlapping blood vessels were pulverized and had scattered to the ground, leaving them at head height with him.

But even so, Ince Zangwill still wasn't dead. Creatures that had obtained godhood possessed vitality unimaginable to ordinary people!

The blood-red halo in his eyes grew richer as the violent aura could no longer diminish. Feelings of hatred and regret surged in him, giving him the urge to vent.

He hated himself for only thinking of escaping in the beginning and not killing all the enemies present. Back then, if he hadn't held back and had used his powers by releasing the terror of a demigod without any reservations, he could definitely have kill Daly Simone and Leonard Mitchell amidst the lightning strikes. If he had done so, he wouldn't have been left in such a sorry state by two Mid-Sequence Beyonders.

"Damn it! Damn it!" Ince Zangwill roared and threw away the darkened 0-08 quill. Using his remaining four "legs," he pounced at Leonard Mitchell.

Leonard was just about to take action when he felt a coldness in him. It was as though thin, long hair was reaching out and binding him from the darkness, doing so from a dream. He was unable to move again.

Boom!

A bolt of lightning struck Ince Zangwill, but it only served to stagger him for a moment and drop a few pieces of charred flesh. He continued his attack and even revealed a cruel smile.

From that strike, he was already certain that the person hiding in the background casting the lightning was at his limit. The person was unable to use any more demigod-level powers!

As for Leonard, who was being bound by countless strands of invisible hair, his thoughts quickly became serene. It was as though he no longer put up any resistance and wished to sleep in the darkness.

Unable to move, he bit his tongue lightly and temporarily recovered some of his lucidity. He made the transparent book in front of him emit the ethereal chanting: "I came, I saw, I record!"

With a resounding whoosh, a terrifying Hurricane swept at Ince Zangwill, who had arrived with a pounce.

It snapped the illusory black hairlike objects, giving Leonard freedom again.

Whoosh!

Ince Zangwill was thrown up as he slammed heavily into the ground. His body was covered with deep gashes as pale white blood gushed out of him.

Despite having lost another front "leg," he still wasn't dead. He "stood" up again and locked onto the Evernight poet who still had his eyes closed.

Without any warning, Leonard suddenly slipped and fell to the ground. When he tried to get up, he seemed unable to maintain his balance. Even the gale he created had failed to sweep up his body.

"Damn it! I should've killed you when you were unconscious back in Tingen City!" Ince Zangwill cursed through clenched teeth. "That woman is about to die. The same goes for you!"

As he cursed, he hobbled over to Leonard's location as though he had lost his ability to move at rapid speeds. With a ferocious expression, he said, "Your captain was irritating. Likewise for that teammate of yours. All of you are the same!

"After I kill you, I'll leave this place and return to Tingen to dig up their graves!"

As he cursed, the darkness filled with cadaveric auras surged out of Ince Zangwill, sweeping towards the nearby Leonard Mitchell.

Leonard could sense that he was afflicted by terrible luck, but he could do nothing. He didn't even dare to open his eyes.

Bang!

Amidst a gunshot, a pale-golden bullet pierced through the thick deathly darkness, bringing out blinding sunlight, terminating the abnormality within.

Pa! Tarot cards flew over, stabbing into the ground at different spots.

One of the cards landed in front of Leonard as it burst into scarlet flames.

Amidst the flames, a figure wearing a half top hat and black suit walked out with a revolver in hand. With a bookish demeanor, he had black hair and brown eyes with sharply defined features. He was none other than Klein Moretti.

Unable to use the Sea God Scepter anymore, he had decisively returned to the real world and rushed here with Death Knell!

"You, it's really you! You really are still alive! Die together with them!" Ince Zangwill's movement speed instantly recovered as he circled around Klein, trying to forcefully pull him into a dream.

He had been acting!

However, Klein was completely unaffected. He didn't show signs of falling asleep as he raised his right hand and pulled the trigger as though he had foreseen it.

Bang!

Ince Zangwill was thrown to the ground by a powerful impact. The cracks on his head widened.

"That shot was for Ma'am Daly," Klein said in a deep voice as he snapped his fingers. Using the flames that burst up, he flashed to the side of Ince Zangwill.

Ince Zangwill's eyes protruded. As he moved at high speeds, he released bad luck in a bid to influence Klein, but it was completely useless.

"This shot is for Leonard."

All the Tarot cards were ignited at the same time, like bursting fireworks. Klein flashed behind Ince Zangwill, cocked the gun, and relying on his intuition, he pulled the trigger.

Bang!

Pale-white blood spurted out of Ince Zangwill's left leg as it broke.

His running came to an abrupt stop as he even failed to maintain his balance.

Using the burning tarot cards, he repeatedly cast Flaming Jump, preventing himself from entering the influence of the black "hair."

"This shot is for Megose.

"This shot is for the Keepers.

"This shot is for the destroyed Blackthorn Security Company.

"This shot is for all the Nighthawks.

"This shot is for me."

Amidst the gunshots, Klein kept pulling the trigger and did the corresponding reloading as he shot demon-hunting bullets. He blew through another of Ince Zangwill's legs, blasting open his forehead, causing his roars to turn into a whimper until he fell onto the ground.

Finally, Klein flashed in front of Ince Zangwill. He then held Death Knell to his face.

At this moment, mysterious patterns accentuated Ince Zangwill's almost-cracked head, creating an immense impact.

He still had the ability to resist!

He was waiting for him to approach and then use his Mythical Creature form to turn the tables!

However, Klein's brown eyes continued looking at him without reflecting a thing.

He thrust Death Knell forward and pulled the trigger.

Bang!

Ince Zangwill's head completely exploded, and like a smashed watermelon, the fragments and the juice splattered everywhere.

Death Knell had sounded the knell for him!

Klein raised his left hand and rubbed away his two eyes. The real eyes that hid beneath were moved back to their original spots.

His brown eyes had grown misty. He curled the corners of his mouth bit by bit and said to the already dead Ince Zangwill softly, "This shot is for Captain."

He didn't give Ince Zangwill a chance to leave any last words. He had no wish to know what bitter past the latter had experienced.

He then took out one remaining tarot card from his pocket and threw it on Ince Zangwill's corpse.

It was an inverted The Star card.

At this moment, a figure appeared not far from him. He bent down and picked up the darkened quill.

This figure wore a simple white robe and had a pale gold beard that covered half his face. On his chest hung a silver cross as though he was the most ordinary priest, but he was the King of Angels, Adam!

Adam looked at Klein and said with a gentle smile, "Unfortunately, I failed to retain the snake."

He looked at the quill in his hand and then at the tarot card. He smiled and added, "A price is always exacted for what fate bestows, isn't that so?"

With that said, he turned around and slowly disappeared from the ruined square with each step he took. He left behind these words, almost singing them:

"Under the witness of a Spectator, Klein Moretti completed a grand performance, directing a magical murder. With that, he managed to digest his potion with enough energy left to attempt an advancement before the curtains fell."

Klein didn't linger over the sensation of his Marionettist potion's digestion and the corresponding feedback. With a Flaming Jump, he arrived in front of Daly Simone.

The lady was already on the brink of losing control. She said in a daze, "I don't want to become a monster..."

"Alright..." Klein looked at her with a sorrowful gaze as he quickly thought of a way to save someone losing control.

He had considered getting her to chant The Fool's honorific name before pulling her Spirit Body above the gray fog, but with her body already mutating, it was apparently useless. The only way was for Daly to choose to remain there forever. As for the Flower of Blood, it was also unable to resolve such problems.

Daly smiled with great difficulty as she resisted the white feathers and pitch-black scales that kept growing out of her.

"So it's you...

"Didn't you ask me why I didn't take the initiative to confess to Dunn, to drag him into bed?"

She gasped for air and said with a bitter smile, "I had indulged myself too much in the past. H-he was a conservative man. I-I felt inferior."

She couldn't hold out much longer, with the outcome of her becoming a monster happening at any moment.

At this moment, she heard Klein Moretti reply, "Captain actually liked you too, very much. Because you were too outstanding and young, he felt inferior as well."

Daly smiled as her blurry gaze saw a man in a black trench coat with a receding hairline. He had dark gray eyes. She watched as he pressed his hand to his chest, bent down, and reached out his palm to invite her to a dance.

She reached out her hand as her thoughts turned sluggish.

the man with gray eyes in a black trench coat pulled up Daly, whose mutation was slowly fading away. Under Leonard's watch, they danced a brisk dance in the destroyed square with the fountain spewing water everywhere.

One material after another flew out. There were golden grapevines and a rather ugly rubber mask. Under the guidance of Spirituality, they slowly mixed together and entered a small metal bottle.

Amidst the beautiful dance, Daly leaned forward gently, resting in Dunn's embrace.

Klein held the potion bottle, brought it to his mouth, and downed it.

Chapter 946: A Bestowment or a Curse

The ice-cold potion slid down his throat, bringing Klein a numbness that reached deep into his soul.

He had already stopped dancing. His mind seemed to be lifted as though he was high in the air, looking down at the ruined Revival Square, at Cookawa City which had been left in shambles by the repeated lightning strikes.

At this moment, he felt his emotions stir for some baffling reason as all the pedestrians below seemed to be connected to him by some invisible threads. They could be happy, angry, or sad, making all kinds of actions based on his directions.

Klein often had such feelings recently. He knew that this was the vision of a "director." Viewing every participant as marionettes or actors, he attempted to control or guide them into putting on a grand performance.

Using that hint of familiarity, Klein hurriedly adjusted his state of mind, completely separating his emotions from it, and viewing everything in a cold, aloof manner, so as to prevent himself from being affected by the play.

As a "director," he followed the script while accounting for reality, and rationally analyzed the circumstances and made his choices. He allowed emotions to build up, letting himself drive events forward and use the clues that emerged.

Once his state of mind settled, he felt the potion's power spread across his body, like a net of sharp threads.

Suddenly, Klein felt that his Soul Body was connected to his physical body. They were split into countless parts, and without being able to hold it in any longer, he let out a cry from deep within his soul.

"No!"

His thoughts were diced into fragments. Each fused with a different piece of flesh and gained its own sentience.

These included Klein with pain, Klein with arrogance, Klein with coldness, Klein with gentleness, Klein who could amuse himself, as well as Zhou Mingrui, Sherlock Moriarty, Gehrman Sparrow, and Dwayne Dantes!

His entire Spirit Body seemed to be thrown into a grinding machine.

Not far away, Leonard, whose cheeks were streaming with unconscious tears, first saw Captain Dunn, who was embracing Daly Simone, transform back into Klein Moretti. Following that, he noticed his face, neck, and the back of his hands. Pale-colored tendrils protruded as though they had a life of their own. They kept growing outward, each turning into a transparent maggot. And beneath his clothes, there were also signs of squirming.

This made Leonard fear that Klein would collapse into a cluster of transparent maggots the next second as they raced in different directions!

Just as he wanted to do something, he felt dizzy. He instinctively closed his eyes and didn't dare keep watching.

The transparent maggots that grew out of Klein's body shimmered under the sunlight, producing three-dimensional layers of mysterious symbols. They connected to higher and lower levels, directly presenting the abstract concepts of bizarreness, madness, change, strength, and wisdom.

Amid howling, frigid winds, black illusory threads rose up around Klein as they bonded together, forming strange "tentacles."

The tentacles flailed as his Soul Body, Astral Projection, Body of Heart and Mind, and Ether Body were reduced to fragments as they fused with the different maggots that represented Klein's various thoughts, turmoil, and dilemmas. As they wafted between them gently, they seemed to fly up to an infinite height where there were countless illusions hugging huge distorted buildings. They were either playing wind instruments, giving speeches, growling, or raving.

Amidst Klein's countless chaotic senses, everything around him stacked together as though they turned into the spirit world. However, there were living people coming and going with the stars shining upon them.

At this moment, the fragments filled with thoughts had fresh memories appear:

There was the King of Angels Adam praying with his eyes closed. It was the scene of his shocking appearance;

There was Klein using Death Knell against Ince Zangwill as he pulled the trigger to blast open his head;

There was the moment when he revealed his Clown's smile, saying in a deep voice, "This shot is for Captain";

There was the moment when Spectator Adam used an extremely clear and innocent eye to take in the ending of the performance;

There was Klein turning into Dunn Smith, inviting Daly Simone to dance the closing dance.

They were all so fresh in his mind, especially the gaze of a Spectator. The almost tangible feedback exerted a magnetic pull. It made Klein gradually discover his sense of self-awareness once again.

Who am I?

Klein had answered this question while he was still a Faceless. He didn't need to think too much about it as he quickly understood his identity:

A person from Earth; a person who had been reconstructed from Klein's memory fragments;

A person whose experience as a Nighthawk deeply influenced him;

A person who was cautious and was afraid of danger, but could persevere and sacrifice everything;

A guardian and a miserable wretch.

Strange sensory organs that didn't come from the Body of Heart and Mind or Soul Body were extracted bit by bit from the fragments, condensing Klein's new thoughts--coldness, calmness, spectating, and overlooking. They were thoughts that allowed him to view the world from even more angles and dimensions.

He knew that this might be godhood. Without putting up any resistance, he chained the original Spirit Body fragments with black threads, allowing him to slowly take form again.

At this moment, he realized the purpose of the advancement ritual.

It was a mark, an anchor. Compared to other pathways, Bizarro Sorcerers, who experienced the fragmentation of their Soul Bodies, required an anchor much earlier!

However, this didn't require the support of any faith. On the contrary, faith was multitudinous and chaotic with too many personal feelings involved. During the ritual's fragmentation, it easily wiped away the humanity of the advancer who was only Sequence 5, leaving behind godhood.

A grand, profound performance under the watch of countless spectators was enough to form this anchor!

Although the spectators were few in number, as the supreme existence of the Spectator pathway, Adam could match thousands of ordinary spectators. He could even imagine a theater of spectators to create the effect.

With his entire body taking form, all kinds of knowledge surged out from the depths of his demigod Spirit Body, engulfing Klein's mind and dealing him an indescribable shock. It felt as though his brain was about to explode.

However, with a measure of godhood and his wealth of experience, he could view this in a detached manner and pass through this stage with relative ease.

The transparent maggots on his face, hands, neck, and beneath his clothes withdrew into his body, turning back into the black-haired, brown-eyed Klein Moretti.

Looking at Daly Simone, who was still in his embrace and slowly turning cold, he lifted her up and walked to Leonard Mitchell. He bent down and placed her on the ground.

Daly no longer had pitch-black scales or white feathers. She had been restored to normal and her eyes were closed. The corners of her mouth were curled up as though she were having the deepest and sweetest dream.

Klein stood up and looked at Leonard, who had opened his eyes again, and said gravely, "She has returned to the Goddess's kingdom, just like Captain."

He had turned her into a marionette to reverse Daly's mutation, allowing her to die like a human before releasing his control over her.

Leonard tried to force a smile as he gave a choked acknowledgment. Tears were streaming down his face.

Klein gently nodded his head.

"To her, this might not be the worst outcome. She returned as a human to the embrace of the deity she believed in, and that's where Captain and the others are."

As he spoke, he subconsciously and sincerely raised his right hand and tapped his chest four times clockwise.

Leonard instinctively drew the sign of the crimson moon. He was momentarily taken aback as his expression turned odd.

Klein surveyed the area and said, "Take Ma'am Daly back with you to East Balam. Make it known that she died due to Ince Zangwill's attack and made exceptional contributions to Ince Zangwill's death.

"Don't worry, no one will investigate you. Of course, you can take this opportunity to leave the Red Gloves."

"I'm used to the Church," Leonard said gravely.

Klein took off his hat and bowed in farewell.

Holding his hat, he turned to walk to Ince Zangwill's body and took a card that had a chariot and a red priest on it.

The red priest wore the face of Roselle Gustav.

Leonard's lips quivered as he suddenly asked, "A-aren't you returning to the Church?"

Klein didn't turn around as he put on his silk top hat and headed for another exit of the square.

After a few steps, he paused and replied to Leonard with his back to him:

"I can't return anymore..."

Can't return anymore... Leonard stared in a daze as the familiar figure gradually receded and vanished.

After a while, a few Beyonders flew to Revival Square. One of them was wearing the clergyman robes of the Church of Evernight. She had beautiful raven-black hair and an exquisite face.

No one could tell her age, because no one cared. They could only notice the eyes that seemed to contain countless stars within.

This woman floated in midair as she looked at the square. All she saw was Ince Zangwill's mangled corpse, barely recognizable. Covering his cracked head was a common tarot card.

It was The Star.

Above the gray fog, Klein placed the Red Priest card by his left hand and closed his eyes to rest for a moment.

He had a basic understanding of the powers of a Bizarro Sorcerer.

On the one hand, he could transform into animals that didn't differ too greatly from him in size. In a Spirit Body state, he could completely ignore this point. He could transfer wounds from either himself or others onto a paper figurine. He had also gained an enhanced Flaming Jump ability with a range of nearly a thousand meters. His Air Bullets now had the might of cannon fire.

On the other hand, he could now obtain initial control of a target's Spirit Body Threads in three seconds. He could turn a target into his marionette within fifteen seconds. His control range was 150 meters. At the same time, he could switch Spirit Body Threads, allowing his marionette to obtain all his Beyonder powers. Within a thousand meters, he could switch locations with his marionette at will.

Because of this, and the maggots he separated as a Mythical Creature form, as well as the disguise from the Spirit Body Threads, Klein obtained a higher level of body doubles. This also meant that, as long as even one of his marionettes was alive, a Bizarro Sorcerer would never die!

An enemy would often struggle to tell if the one killed was the Bizarro Sorcerer or his marionette. What was real and what wasn't was difficult to determine.

After confirming his state and resting for a moment, Klein immediately walked into the depths of the mysterious space above the gray fog. He headed for the staircase of light that seemed to lead to heaven.

As he expected, there was another step, one formed of light.

This time, Klein believed that he could use this sixth giant-like step to step onto the condensed gray cloud.

One step, two steps, three steps... He came to the end and, with a leap, stepped onto the cloud formed by the gray fog.

Reflected in his eyes was a door of light tainted with a bluish-black luster. It was formed from countless layers of spherical light, and each spherical light enveloped squirming maggots. Some of them were transparent, others translucent. This was the scene Klein saw through Enzo's eyes, but the objects were very blurry, as though something was obstructing his vision.

In addition, above the door of light, there were thin black threads that hung down. From them hung what appeared to be completely transparent cocoons.

These cocoons were gently swaying, each enclosing a different soul. They looked to be of every ethnicity: Africans, Asians, and Caucasians, etc. Some were wearing jeans, others held cell phones. Some had beautiful clothes, others had beautiful features. All of them seemed to carry the aura of the living, but their eyes were tightly closed.

Klein's gaze froze as though he had returned to Earth and was walking along crowded streets.

Then, he noticed that three cocoons had opened. They were empty and were swaying with the wind.

Raising his head, Klein took in the sight in silence.

Chapter 947: House Call

Backlund, East Borough, in a two-room apartment.

A few policemen in black-and-white checkered uniforms opened the door and entered. All of them covered their mouths.

There was a strong stench of blood inside!

"Officer, I've no idea what happened. Other tenants said that there seems to be so much blood that the other tenants can smell it from next door." The landlord with a silk top hat looked around in fear, unwilling to stay in the room for another second.

A black-haired, blue-eyed police officer with an inspector epaulet waved his hand and said, "Wait by the door. We still have questions for you."

As he spoke, he put on his white gloves and cast his gaze towards the wooden door of the bedroom.

However, he wasn't in a rush to enter. He slowly surveyed the area and took in his surroundings-a pile of coal, a cupboard with cutlery and food, a small stove, a clean iron pot, a somewhat greasy table, two collapsed circular stools, two slanted chairs, a few glass bottles with unknown powders, and a stack of scattered tarot cards.

"A mysticism enthusiast with an ordinary financial situation?" The black-haired, blue-eyed inspector nodded gently as he made a judgment. Then, he signaled for a subordinate to open the bedroom door.

With a creak, a stronger smell of blood gushed out.

The constable who opened the door looked in and let out a short exclamation as he repeatedly retreated.

The inspector frowned. He pressed the retreating constable's shoulders, circled around him, and approached the bedroom.

When he swept his gaze, his expression immediately changed.

In the bedroom, on a wooden bed, there was a man lying there. His hands were tied to the bedpost.

He was naked with deep and shallow marks on his body. His blood had long been drained, dyeing the bedsheet and blanket beside him dark red.

At a glance, the deceased apparently had been bound by metal wire, cutting into his skin and flesh, right into his bones.

This scene still affected the policemen who had seen many murder scenes. Furthermore, it had a diabolical feeling as though it were ritualistic.

As the inspector was about to say something, two people rushed into the room. One of them attempted to take photos while the other bombarded him with questions.

"Another murder case?

"Have there not been many murder cases in East Borough recently?

"Officer, do you think it's a serial murder?"

The black-haired, blue-eyed inspector frowned and waved his hand.

"Do not interfere with the scene; otherwise, we will view you as the criminal's accomplice."

He then said to the constable from before, "Khazix, please escort the two reporters away. Tell them that if they have any questions, ask the news department of Sivellaus Yard."

After the reporters were escorted out of the crime scene, the inspector let out a long sigh.

"I'm going to be in the newspapers again. Damn it!"

In Empress Borough, the opulent villa of Earl Hall.

"Another murder in East Borough. The victim is suspected to have been abused before being killed..." Having had dinner, Audrey was in the activity room casually reading the Backlund Evening News.

Upon hearing his daughter's soft muttering, Earl Hall shook his head and sighed.

"This isn't new in East Borough. The statistics show that there are people dying there every day. It's far from one person."

Audrey didn't pay too much attention to the matter. After a casual chat with her parents and brother, she returned to her room with her golden retriever, Susie.

The human and dog could read each other's minds without exchanging a word. The latter stood by the door as a guard while Audrey locked the door. She sat by her bed and chanted Mr. Fool's honorific name.

After a few seconds, she saw a dark red beam of light surge and drown everything.

Audrey arrived above the gray fog, appearing inside the magnificent and ancient palace.

She then saw a small room to the side. The mottled door was ajar.

It's much better than the old confessional from before... However, this doesn't match Mr. World's character. Did something happen to his state of mind? In thought, Audrey entered the room and closed the mottled door.

She had previously held a follow-up consultation with The World Gehrman Sparrow and concluded that he had fully recovered. To her surprise, she received a request from him for another treatment.

This left her puzzled as she felt a little intrigued.

In the rather spacious dark room, Audrey leaned against the wall that obviously had another person behind it. Her body slowly slid down as she knelt with her legs placed diagonally.

In the calm and serene atmosphere, she adjusted her state of mind and said brightly, "Good evening, Mr. World~"

Just as she said that, Audrey's spiritual intuition already knew the situation with his Body of Heart and Mind, or in common parlance, his emotions or mood.

Gloomy, disheartened, confused, depressed, and having no interest in anything... Mr. World's current problem is completely different from the last one... What happened this time? Audrey gently bit her lip and calmly made a judgment and used Placate at the right moment.

This was the most useful power of a Psychiatrist. In ancient times, this ability was called Psychoanalysis.

The "dark clouds" behind the wall scattered significantly. Gehrman Sparrow finally hoarsely said, "Good evening, Miss Justice."

Leaning against the wall, Audrey thought and canceled her original plan. She maintained her brisk tone and said, "I'm very curious about your recent experiences. It seems you have had too, too many encounters.

"There's no need to think about anything else. Let's have a chat first, just like we're friends.

"If you're interested in my life, ''m also willing to share with you some of the interesting matters."

On the opposite side of the wall, Gehrman Sparrow fell silent for a moment. Without answering the question, he asked, "What hopes do you have for the future?"

Audrey's eyes darted slightly to the side as she replied seriously, "To advance myself, to work hard to become a demigod so as to better protect my father, mother, and brothers.

"Oh, I've recently visited the applicants for the bursary foundation with the other staff of the foundation. Their living conditions are really worse than I imagined. Although I've read some reports and was mentally prepared, I still found it unsettling when I saw it with my own eyes. A girl who's just a few years younger than me was very short and skinny. She doesn't get enough to eat each day, and she only has two tattered dresses. When she said that she wishes to study, her eyes were extremely pure and filled with an earnest desire. I can't forget it to this day..."

As she spoke, Audrey acutely sensed the change in Gehrman Sparrow's mental state. It was no longer a completely still lake, and now rippled and undulated

After a short deliberation, this Psychiatrist continued as though she didn't seem to notice anything, "I once anticipated having a beautiful wedding, hoping my 'prince' would appear like those popular novels. However, after becoming a Spectator, I realized that I might never be able to fulfill this dream. I can often read the true thoughts of those men and see through their lies. 'm able to confirm that many people aren't as nice as I imagined, and it has left me disappointed. Hmm, in a few more years, I might be able to appreciate people for their flaws, but it's really difficult to do so now..."

Noticing that Gehrman Sparrow, who had his back to her across the wall, having the emotions of laughter, Audrey did a timely Placate on him. Then, she heard him ask, "You once gathered information about dragons from The Sun. You should have some understanding of the Dragon of Imagination.

"If I were to tell you that your father, mother, and brothers are imagined by the Spectator pathway's King of Angels and that they do not really exist, what would be your reaction?"

I'll definitely collapse on the spot and directly lose control... Mr. World is suffering because he discovered that the thing he anticipated--his ultimate goal--will never be fulfilled? Audrey was first alarmed by Gehrman Sparrow's question before she realized the essence of the question.

She didn't reply as she asked in a guiding manner, "You seem to have witnessed the destruction of hope."

"Heh." There was a self-deprecating a scoff from the wall behind Audrey. "Indeed, I once thought that I had family. Later, I realized that it was only an extravagant hope of mine."

"Why do you say that?" Audrey asked as casually as if they were merely chatting.

Gehrman Sparrow fell silent for a few seconds before saying, "Have you heard of those fairy tales that Emperor Roselle used to entertain children?"

"Those are my childhood memories," Audrey acknowledged.

At the same time, she discovered that Mr. World's emotions were clearly stirred on the other side of the wall. Repressed pain was surging out. This time, Audrey didn't use Placate. Her spiritual intuition and professional knowledge told her that he needed to vent it out.

"Then you should know of Sleeping Beauty and her prince," Gehrman Sparrow said with a soft, hoarse voice. "There's one such person who also entered a deep sleep until he suddenly woke up one day... He believes that his family is still around, and he works hard to improve himself, hoping that he can one day find them. This becomes his main driving force in life. Finally, he realized that he has slept for at least three hundred years, or even more than a thousand years, perhaps even longer. He can never find anything that he once had any more..."

The intense pain and sense of loss was extremely clear to Audrey. She came to a realization.

The gloomy, restrained, experienced, and ruthless Mr. World also has his own goals and reason for existing!

This is in line with his gentle heart... How pitiful... Although he was speaking through a fairy tale, some of the emotions he felt when saying certain words reflect reality... When he mentioned "deep sleep," "family," "three hundred years," "more than a thousand years," "even longer," "never find," his pain clearly increased... This means that he's from an ancient time and has lived to this day due to certain encounters? This matches the situation of Mr. Fool being an awakening ancient god. It's no wonder he became his Blessed... Audrey quickly grasped the key to the matter.

She pursed her lips and pondered for a moment.

"Did his family say anything? Did they say what they wanted him to do when he wakes up?"

Chapter 948: Meaning of Existence

From Audrey's point of view, Mr. World's current situation wasn't him suffering from a mental illness, nor was it close to pushing him to the state of losing control. It was because his goal in life and the meaning of his existence had been destroyed. It left him with a psychological barrier that just needed some guidance. Once she helped him set up a short-term goal, allowing him to find meaning in life, the problem would slowly be resolved.

In the serene and silent darkness, Audrey heard Gehrman Sparrow answer in a deep voice across the wall, "No."

As expected... Audrey wasn't surprised as she asked, "Then, did he search for his family's final messages? Did he search for their grave? Did he try to figure out the reason for the deep sleep?"

The Spirit Body behind the wall seemed to vanish for a few seconds as there wasn't a single sound. After a moment, the hoarse voice continued:

"No, not yet."

Not yet... That means that it's a possibility in the future? Audrey felt relieved as she clearly felt that Gehrman Sparrow's emotional state wasn't as heavy and gloomy as before, without any interest in anything. He had some motivation and a tiny sense of urgency. He was just still in a state of confusion.

Taking this opportunity, Audrey cast Placate again. The effects were much better than before. At the very least, she believed that Mr. World had used this impetus to escape from the abyss of gloominess and depression, returning to a normal person's disheartened state.

Following that, Audrey didn't press on regarding how he could find clues or investigate, because this could bring about some resistance. She nodded in the dark room in a natural manner and said, "Yes, there are many things to do, and many things that need to be set right! Perhaps you will have the chance of meeting someone from the same bloodline? Perhaps a family member of his didn't die of old age, or managed to live to this day due to some reason? The reason why there's meaning to life is because of its infinite possibilities.

"In the process of searching, make sure to not miss out on your surroundings. Life isn't just a one-way street. There are many branches and alleys. If only the former exists, how dull would that be. You should know how to approach it, to broaden your horizons, and to make discoveries..."

Trying hard to recall all the suitable words she had read in books, Audrey suddenly thought of something as her voice softened significantly.

"Also, don't wear that thick mask."

The thinner and transparent ones don't matter because everyone wears a mask when interacting with others. No one likes to directly express their private secrets to others. It's both a way to protect oneself and also a way to respect others... When Mr. World has enough friends, a new meaning in life will naturally be formed... Audrey added inwardly, but she ultimately didn't say it aloud. She believed that it might even backfire.

Unsurprisingly, Gehrman Sparrow fell silent again, seemingly still in confusion.

After a few seconds, a voice that wasn't that hoarse sounded again:

"Thank you for guidance, and for your treatment."

"No, this is all a result of the strength inside you," Audrey replied seriously.

She cast a final Placate to confirm that Mr. World's mental state was back to normal and that it wouldn't relapse.

She then heard Gehrman Sparrow say, "Let's end it here for today, okay?"

Audrey adjusted her tone and briskly replied, "Of course. It's not a serious problem. I can do another follow-up whenever youre free next week.

"Also, if it's possible, make some medicine to stabilize your mental state. Take it for seven consecutive days. The ingredients are 10 grams of chamomile powder, 5 grams of rosemary powder, 10 milliliters of lemon balm extract... During this period, don't reduce your intake of desserts, and try to relax in an appropriate manner..."

In the dark and silent room, she propped herself against the wall with her hands and slowly stood up.

At this moment, Gehrman Sparrow's voice passed through the wall:

"What's the consultation fee?"

Audrey held one hand to the wall and turned her head thoughtfully.

"Wait till I get the potion formula for Sequence 5 of the Spectator pathway. I might need you to help me find the ingredients.

"If the Psychology Alchemists provide me with the ingredients, hmm..."

She curled the ends of her lips and said, "When you return from the Southern Continent to Backlund, remember to bring me some of the local specialties as a gift."

A super luxurious and light transportation coffin that's carried by eight people? On the other side of the wall, Klein had the inexplicable urge to lampoon. He then stood up while clinging to the wall and sent Miss Justice back to the real world.

With a wave of his hand, the room vanished. He returned to the seat of honor at the long bronze table and sat in The Fool's seat.

In front of him, there were the Black Emperor, Tyrant, and Red Priest Cards of Blasphemy on the right. On the left, there was the Creeping Hunger, which Leonard Mitchell had sent back via Miss Messenger Reinette Tinekerr.

"I owe Miss Messenger 10,000 gold coins again..." Klein retracted his gaze and raised his right hand to rub his temples.

To prevent Ince Zangwill from escaping through the spirit world, he had already communicated with Reinette Tinekerr before he planned the murder. She was in charge of chasing away all the spirit world creatures around Revival Square, in exchange for the same fee of 10,000 gold coins.

The only thing that surprised him was that 0-08 was more terrifying than he imagined. With Ince Zangwill suffering from Deity's Curse, and with the King of Angels Adam having drained it, its first attempt was able to "attract" an unknown creature which could pass through Reinette Tinekerr's seal. If not for Daly Simone's forceful spirit channeling and signing a pact, Ince Zangwill might very well have escaped.

Of course, while under Deity's Curse, even if Ince Zangwill were to successfully escape, there was a high chance of him encountering other misfortunes, such as being thrown by the unknown creature to somewhere more dangerous or having it directly cause him harm. However, that wasn't within Klein's control.

At the thought that he was 10,000 gold coins in debt again, Klein felt a headache, but his mental state was a lot better.

After seeing the cocoon above the gray cloud, and the door of light beyond the staircase of light, he had suffered a shock like a river bursting its banks. He felt that all his expectations had been shattered. His established worldview, outlook on life, and values had crumbled as a result, causing his entire being to fall into a turbid state, as though he were a walking zombie.

Thankfully, he still had the instinctive desire to live and sought out his private psychiatrist, Miss Justice Audrey, in time for treatment.

Phew... Klein exhaled and forced himself to turn his thoughts towards the cocoons. And from the scene he saw, his first reaction was:

An extremely high-level existence or Sealed Artifact had used various means to grab a large group of people from Earth at the same moment in time. Here, there were people who used the luck enhancement ritual, others bought strange silver plates, or had their phones hit by some strange virus...

Then, these transmigrators had their souls sealed inside the cocoon and hung above the door of light, awaiting a particular opportunity before being sent to the real world.

Based on Klein's observation, the door of light didn't have any intelligence. It was operating based on pure instinct. This also meant that as long as the conditions were met, it would activate a cocoon and deliver the soul inside to a specific target's body.

Based on the current circumstances, Klein guessed that there were probably two conditions that needed to be met.

First, no other transmigrator could have preceded them, or the transmigrator had already been deemed to have failed or died. Second, the "calling out" of a certain object, item, or ritual. For example, Klein Moretti had followed the Antigonus family's notebook to perform that dark divination.

As for the rest, I can't know. Unless I can find the corresponding content in Emperor Roselle's diary... Putting together everything that I know, my current theory should be very close to the truth. This will make it easy to explain why, despite being from the same era as the emperor on Earth with less than a year in between us, our arrivals in the real world were separated by just over two hundred years... It's because we transmigrated at the same time, but we were "released" in different eras! Before entering the real world, who knows how long we've been asleep for... A brother from next door? Klein leaned back into his chair as his eyes shimmered before turning gloomy again.

This was a hypothesis he came up with based on the conditions of the door of light, his situation, and the emperor's diary.

Of course, this didn't mean that there weren't other possibilities. At present, Klein couldn't to find evidence to support them. For example, a cocoon might represent the life of a transmigrator, but this was in contradiction with Klein's own recovery or the lack of change in his Spirit Body.

And if his hypothesis wasn't too different from the truth, it meant that he had left Earth, transmigrating here at least two hundred years or even thousands of years. Even if he found the way and method to go back to Earth, he was unable to return to the place he called home.

Compared with the gulf of distance, the barrier of time left him in greater despair.

This was the reason why it caused Klein's mental state to instantly collapse. "Returning home" was always his ultimate goal.

Miss Justice is right. There are still many questions to resolve and mysteries to probe... What's the meaning behind hanging so many transmigrators behind the door of light? What goal does it have? Who arranged everything back then? How many people were pulled in here? Where has the other person gone to? The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth? Klein tried hard to engross himself in thinking, so as to find a new goal for the future.

Unfortunately, he was only able to approach the door of light and not touch it. He was unable to touch it, grasp it, or even carefully inspect it. He had no means to conduct any study to receive any direct information.

I should consider finding clues from the real world... Also, since reaching Sequence 4 allows me to reach that gray cloud and see the door of light, will there be another qualitative change at Sequence 2? Will I be able to gain control over the door of light when that happens, allowing me to figure out the truth?

Heh heh, I was affected by the Seven Lights, the Goddess, and Arrodes's attitude. I almost imagined myself to be the real owner of the gray fog, and believing that ''m some great master above the spirit world. Now, from the looks of it, 'm just a "test subject" that was randomly thrown down. Once I fail, the next transmigrator will appear... Klethoughtfully as he tapped the edge of the long bronze table.

He was rather curious about another point. Three broken "cocoons," with one representing himself, and another representing the emperor, so who was the third one?

Chapter 949: Direction of Investigations

Klein's first target of suspicion was undoubtedly Elf King Soniathrym.

This ancient god had created chopsticks, made blood cakes, enjoyed eating animal innards, and was good at using spices for cooking. "His" descendants had facial features, hair color, and eyes that resembled Asians on Earth. Not only did Klein suspect that "He" was a transmigrator, even Emperor Roselle shared his feelings.

Of course, after deeper investigation, Roselle had ruled out that hypothesis by their language, symbols, traditional proverbs, and other facets. Klein believed that using chopsticks, the preference for eating innards, and using spices weren't exclusive traits. To a species that enjoyed nature, such customs could gradually arise in their daily life!

As for why elves who wielded the Sailor pathway were close to nature, Klein didn't know why. That was simply how they were described by the murals and texts they left behind.

I felt that the Elf King is unlikely to be a transmigrator, but after seeing three broken cocoons, I can't be too sure... Perhaps "He" might be a fellow countryman... Hmm, I can't rule out the possibility that this ancient god isn't a transmigrator but that one of the high-ranking elves around "Him" is one. This can also explain how the tradition was passed down in the name of the Elf King... Klein tapped his fingers as he thought silently.

Almost at the same time, he had two directions for his investigation:

Groselle's Travels had Elven Songster, Siatas, who served Soniathrym's queen, Queen of Calamity Cohinem!

As long as I enter her collective subconscious sea, I should be able to see or make contact with the elves and find fragments of memory regarding the ancient god!

I can also use Hypnosis, directly allowing her subconscious to speak... But the problem is that I'm not good at such matters. The last time I attempted to delve into Groselle's subconscious, I felt restless and could hardly calm down. Although I'm already a demigod, it also becomes more pressing that I resist the inclination towards madness and losing control. And I won't be able to regulate my mental state for quite some time... Forcefully spirit channeling isn't suitable for such a situation and for such a target... Klein frowned slightly. He felt that he might need a mystical item that was of a relatively high Sequence in the Spectator pathway, or an assistant that was at least a Hypnotist.

He began seriously considering the possibility of getting Miss Justice's help.

It should be possible. It's not impossible to leave by entering as a Spirit Body above the gray fog...

I don't have to worry that Miss Justice will pry into the secret of a transmigrator. As long as Siatas doesn't have any knowledge of this, her subconscious and collective subconscious wouldn't point to such a conclusion. And I can find the desired clues in details without attracting her notice...

The biggest problem is that Miss Justice lacks adventuring experience. Entering the sea of subconscious of an ancient figure is very dangerous to her. There might be the remnants of an ancient god in within it... Without the help of a Psychiatrist, I will also end up the same...

Even if I'm getting Miss Justice as support, I'll have to wait until she reaches Sequence 5 so that she can use her level to make up for her lack of experience. When that happens, we can first attempt to hypnotize Siatas and see what we can learn from her mouth. If there's nothing of value, we can consider entering her dream to delve deeper into her consciousness and step into that sea.

Yes, the Dream Charms I create now aren't potent enough. I might not be able to maintain such a long exploration. Sigh, the Goddess won't directly respond to such trivial matters. It's a fixed feedback based on a fixed ritual... The corresponding Beyonder characteristics have been returned to the Church... Don't tell me that I need to bring Leonard with me? I wonder if pulling someone at the Spirit Body level can avoid the notice of the grandpa inside him. I'll do some research over the next few days...

Klein reined in his thoughts and considered his second target of suspicion.

This person didn't seem too special in the past, nor did Klein believe that he was a transmigrator. But now that his mind calmed down, he began processing his thoughts and analyzing, Klein realized that many points that he viewed as common sense weren't that simple on careful thought. They contained an unspeakable sense of horror.

He suspected: the ancient sun god, the City of Silver's Creator!

The seven Churches' separate scriptures have similarities to Earth's Western religions... The same is true of their Masses!

Based on Little Sun's description, from what Emperor Roselle saw from Adam's chapel, and the content of the murals in the Forsaken Land of the Gods, it's clear that the ancient sun god's main symbol is the cross!

"He" gave his children the names Adam and Amon...

The angels beneath "Him" all have wings of light. I haven't seen that in the other pathways to date...

No one knows how "He" rose up. "He" suddenly appeared late in the Second Epoch, killed several ancient gods, and took "Their" various authorities...

I never thought much about these details in the past. It's quite scary now that I think deeply of it. Klein drew a sharp breath as he began feeling more convinced that it was the ancient sun god instead of Elf King Soniathrym.

"His" experiences were just too legendary, more like the protagonist of an era than Emperor Roselle!

Of course, "His" outcome was rather tragic, becoming a feast for "His" Kings of Angels. Emperor Roselle was also tragic but nowhere near as terrible.

Doesn't this imply Amon's and Adam's attitude in a certain sense? "They" believe that the gray fog is related to "Their" father, but due to "Their" different pathways, they made different choices? Hmm, there's a certain chance that Adam can't see the gray fog. "He" isn't a High-Sequence Beyonder of the Fate, Marauder, Seer, and Apprentice pathways... Klein nodded slightly.

Based on these clues, he also had a line of investigation that didn't require contact with major figures at the angel level.

In Groselle's Travels lived Ascetic Snowman who survived the

Third Epoch and had served the ancient sun god!

The problem has come full circle... There's nothing to doubt about the rest for the time being. Klein slowly exhaled, reached out his right hand, and picked up the newly obtained Card of Blasphemy: Red Priest card!

Infusing his spirituality into it, the card produced a blood-red light, forming a palm-sized illusory book.

The pages of the book flipped, presenting portraits of a lifelike Roselle Gustav. He was either wearing a hunter's attire, raising his middle finger, walking through a burning building, or standing behind a trap. He had all sorts of attire and was doing all kinds of things.

Sequence 9: Hunter... Sequence 8: Provoker... Sequence 7: Pyromaniac... Sequence 6: Conspirer... Sequence 5: Reaper... Sequence 4: Iron-blooded Knight... Sequence 3: War Bishop... Sequence 2: Weather Warlock... Sequence 1: Conqueror... Sequence 0: Red Priest... Klein's gaze swept past the different portraits on the tarot card and imprinted the content into his mind.

He wasn't surprised at this pathway's Sequence 0's ritual to become a god. This was because Hermes had once told Roselle that the "red" in Red Priest meant the red of war.

Therefore, when he saw "stir up a war that sweeps an entire continent and achieve victory," he wasn't surprised at all.

After flipping the Red Priest card, he began thinking about problems and felt his mental state improve. He rubbed his temples, finally felt exhausted.

I should set a short-term goal and investigate the person behind the Great Smog of Backlund. This is something that I've yet to complete. Yes, I should proceed with the arms deal according to my original plans, and return to Backlund after receiving the money. Now, there are two clues. First, the captain of the royal guards, Viscount Stratford, and the other is MI9's deputy director, Brigadier General Qonas Kilgor... Klein tried to pull himself up and decided to occupy himself with something.

Before leaving the gray fog, he threw the mental medicine recipe that Miss Justice had given him to the crimson star representing The Moon Emlyn. He requested this vampire, who was skilled at compounding medicine, to make a week's worth for 1 pound a bottle.

Backlund, within the Odora family's villa.

Emlyn White, who was waiting in the activity room, curled his lips and thought to himself, A transaction that's just 7 pounds. I really don't want to do it... The World can concoct it himself if he's a little careful.

He hadn't objected to The World's request, because after spending 5,000 pounds to buy the Sequence 5 Vampire Beyonder characteristic, he only had 730 pounds left.

At this moment, Cosmi walked over, looking like a middle-aged gentleman.

After exchanging a bow, the Sanguine Baron asked, "Emlyn, why are you suddenly here?"

Emlyn immediately felt a little guilty before recalling his previous experiences of conversing with The Hanged Man and The World. He tipped his chin slightly and answered in a seemingly casual manner, "I've received a Sequence 5 Scarlet Scholar Beyonder characteristic. I wonder when we can begin the ritual to make me a Viscount."

Cosmi was taken aback as he asked, surprised, "You obtained a Scarlet Scholar Beyonder characteristic?"

Emlyn glanced at him and nodded with a faint smile.

"That's right."

He didn't explain how he had obtained the Beyonder characteristic, as though Cosmi wasn't worthy of knowing.

Cosmi gaped as he fell silent. After a few seconds, he said, "Wait till the next full moon."

He paused and said, "I happen to have something for you.

"My grandfather wishes to inform you that an important figure will be coming to Backlund. 'He' wishes to meet you."

"He"? Emlyn's pupils dilated instantly.

The ancient ones of the Sanguine that lived since the Second Epoch to this day, together with the Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts, all of those important existences at the angel level didn't exceed five in number!

Chapter 950: Keeping Secrets

Emlyn fell silent for two seconds as he lowered his chin and asked, "Who... is it?"

To him, angels were naturally worthy of respect, but those who could truly make him bow his head were the important figures addressed as "He" by every Sanguine. "They" had witnessed and experienced the Sanguine's long history, the source of his pride.

"I'm not sure. But in short, I'll notify you when the time comes." Cosmi Odora shook his head... The person is coming because of the Ancestor's revelation? There are subsequent instructions? Why doesn't the Ancestor directly give me a revelation? This will be better concealed. I'm "Her" chosen one! This is to avoid agitating Mr. Fool? Questions flashed past Emlyn's mind as he answered them himself.

He didn't speak further as he wore his top hat and left Odora's villa.

When he arrived at the door, he looked at the thin clouds that barely veiled the sun. Emlyn curled his lips in disdain, raised his hand to press down on his hat, and ran for a rental carriage at the end of the street as he inwardly mumbled, Such weather really isn't suitable for heading out!

The medicine that The World wants isn't rare. It can be concocted in fifteen minutes... Hmm, the ingredients I ordered previously should be in by today. I can carry out the transaction with Miss Magician that I've delayed for days...

Backlund, Cherwood Borough.

Fors placed glass bottles on an altar and looked at the light blue and golden liquids, feeling the exhilaration from shopping. They're more enticing than a cocktail. I wonder what it tastes like. Putting some ice in might make it taste better... Seriously, what am I thinking? These are all medicine! Fors sputtered at herself and hurriedly cleaned up the room.

Upon receiving the medicine she needed for treatment, she finished her preparations for heading to the abandoned castle in Delaire Forest. She was just waiting for Xio to return!

After tidying up certain matters, Fors slumped onto the sofa and casually picked up a few copies of the newspaper and began planning her itinerary for the day.

Set off at dusk. Dinner will probably be when we arrive at the town bordering the forest...

Amidst her silent mumbling, Fors flipped to the copy of News At Sea.

Suddenly, her gaze froze as a familiar name was reflected in her eyes: "Gehrman Sparrow!"

This adventurer had appeared at sea again, boarding the Black Tulip with a middle-aged man known as the "Death Consul." He killed Admiral Hell Ludwell, changing the lineup of the seven pirate admirals again.

Fors subconsciously pressed a hand to her chest, unsure what she was happy about.

At that instant, she had a baffling feeling that Gehrman Sparrow's experiences were legendary enough, something that could definitely be written into a novel!

Unfortunately, he's not someone who's easy to get along with; otherwise, I could certainly be a part-time biographer to write a book for him... Haha, if I were to write the book titled "Gehrman Sparrow," I'll definitely be targeted by the official Beyonders... Fors thought in amusement before hearing the lock turn.

She looked up and saw Xio pushing open the door and entering the living room.

"You're early?" Fors asked, surprised.

Xio ruffled the right side of her blonde hair and said, "I met with MI9 again and received a mission."

"What is it?" Fors sat up and asked curiously.

Xio casually dropped into the armchair.

"Investigate the background of the crazy adventurer, Gehrman Sparrow.

"Based on the information provided by MI9, he's a terrifying Beyonder, and the name he uses is fake. Even his identification documents are fake. He probably came from Backlund.

"They suspect that Gehrman Sparrow has another identity and accomplices here."

Upon hearing the word "partners," Fors couldn't help but feel the corners of her mouth twitch. She had the urge to tell Xio that MI9's guess was right. Gehrman Sparrow's partner was sitting directly opposite her.

She coughed slightly and acted calmly while she asked, "Why are you investigating Gehrman Sparrow's background?

"What did he do this time?"

Xio glanced at the stack of newspapers beside Fors.

"Haven't you read today's News at Sea?

"Gehrman Sparrow killed Admiral Hell Ludwell and is now being hailed as the strongest adventurer on the Five Seas.

"By the way, MI9 also told me that Gehrman Sparrow might very well believe in the secret existence known as The Fool. This is news that came from many different sources, including the Aurora Order and the Rose School of Thought."

I can testify to that... They are right... Fors forced a smile and said, "Sounds rather dangerous."

"Yeah." Xio nodded. "I only plan on gathering intelligence and not delving too deep into it."

Fors didn't continue on this topic as she said, "I've already prepared the medicine. Shall we head to Delaire Forest today?"

Xio had already become a Sequence 7, Interrogator a few days ago, and she had mastered a rather useful power, Psychic Piercing.

"Alright." Xio stood up, demonstrating her decisive nature. "Let's set off now."

"Ah? Can't we wait a little longer? I was thinking dusk..." Fors replied, with some reluctance.

She often wished to procrastinate until the last moment.

Before long, she was pulled out of their rented apartment by Xio along with all their equipment. They got a rental carriage and headed for the metro.

Amidst the sonorous whistle of the steam engine, the massive steam locomotive hauled its meandering body and entered the platform. Under the illumination of the wall lamps on both sides, it stopped.

Fors and Xio stood outside a carriage and waited patiently for the passengers to alight.

Suddenly, they saw two Red Gloves.

The owner of the Red Gloves was a man in his thirties. He wore a white shirt with a black trench coat. His collar was raised high, covering his chin and mouth.

He had a pair of dark-green eyes with golden-brown sideburns. He held a silver chest large enough to hold a small violin.

Fors and Xio exchanged glances as they lowered their gaze, staring at their toes.

As a high-ranking deacon of the Church of Evernight's Nighthawks, one of the twenty-two most powerful members of the Church, and one of the three bigwigs of the Red Gloves, Crestet Cesimir wasn't someone who cared to put on airs. He enjoyed touring alone, using the same transportation as commoners, making him appear like an ordinary clergyman.

After transferring to another line, he eventually arrived in North Borough. He then took a rental carriage and headed straight for Saint Samuel Cathedral where he met the Archbishop of the Backlund diocese, Saint Anthony Stevenson.

After greeting each other and praising the Goddess, Cesimir found a seat and said, "I'll be troubling you to provide me with some help for the next couple of weeks."

The clean-shaven archbishop, Anthony, in his black robe with red accents sat down as well. He deliberated before asking, "Is it something to do with Ince Zangwill?"

"Yes." Cesimir nodded slightly. "The Holy See wishes that I inform you that another servant of the Goddess, the matron of the Evernight cloister, Ma'am Arianna, will soon arrive in Backlund."

This ascetic was ranked first among the thirteen archbishops.

Without waiting for Saint Anthony's inquiry, he explained in detail, "Ma'am Ilya learned a great deal of important information from Ince Zangwill's remnant spirit, including his mental problems that 0-08 used to escape, as well as the details of his cooperation with the royal family and the Demoness Sect...

"After orchestrating the Great Smog of Backlund, Ince Zangwill was betrayed by 0-08 and ended up possessed by the Red Angel evil spirit. He headed for the Southern Continent alone in an attempt to lay a trap for Ma'am Ilya.

"One important point is that in Ince Zangwill's memories, there is a very important underground ruin. It's in the northwestern outskirts of Backlund, near where the Tussock River enters the city.

"My mission is to find that ruin."

Saint Anthony listened in silence before asking thoughtfully, "Ince Zangwill doesn't know the exact location?

"He has never been there before?"

Cesimir shook his head.

"He entered, but he was led in there and was unable to identify the crucial landmarks."

Saint Anthony gave a terse acknowledgment before asking, "Have you figured out which faction of the royal family Ince Zangwill was working with?"

"No." Crestet Cesimir paused and continued, "Based on normal logic, even if his partners wore disguises, if they met, corresponding memory fragments should exist, but within Ince Zangwill's Spirit Body, there were no traces of that. It was as though the meeting had never happened."

"Perhaps a deed influenced him. A deed powerful enough to affect even a Sequence 4 demigod is worth our attention." Saint Anthony nodded very slightly.

After some thought, he said, "The telegram didn't include much. I do not know the precise course of events. Who exactly killed Ince Zangwill?"

Crestet Cesimir exhaled slowly and said, "A name you might find impossible to believe, Klein Moretti."

"The Nighthawk who died in the line of duty during the Tingen incident?" Anthony's wrinkles deepened.

"Yes, that's what Ilya sent back. No one knows how Klein Moretti, who was only a Sequence 8 Beyonder, had been resurrected, or how he could kill Ince Zangwill, a demigod wielding 0-08..." Upon saying this, Cesimir's expression turned somewhat odd. "The Holy See has ordered us to keep this intelligence strictly confidential. We are not to divulge this to anyone who isn't an archbishop or high-ranking deacon. Furthermore, we are not to pursue Klein Moretti, and must pretend he remains in his grave."

Saint Anthony fell silent for a few seconds as though he recalled something trivial. He nodded and said, "Perhaps he's a Blessed of the Goddess..."

Cesimir suddenly looked up at Saint Anthony as though the archbishop were a lunatic.

His lips quivered, but he ultimately didn't say a word.

Anthony didn't continue the topic as he looked at the door and said sternly, "Your mission will require extensive investigation. That will require sufficient manpower. Hmm, Soest's team has completed their mission in the Southern Continent. I'll have them return at once and place themselves under your command."

"Alright." Crestet Cesimir didn't object.

"Rest for the remainder of the day before returning to Backlund?" Leonard looked up at his team captain, Soest.

Soest looked sympathetically at Leonard, who had been silent for quite some time, and nodded.

"That's right."

After watching this Spirit Warlock leave his room, Leonard sighed and leaned against the wall.

At this moment, dark red light surged out from before his eyes, enveloping him completely without warning.
