Chapter 701: Giants Never Retreat

Ulyssan charged at Snowman but failed to hit him. It slid past, leaving a deep chasm behind.

Behind it, fireballs exploded one after another. Klein's somewhat stiff figure flashed about thanks to the fire. The King of the North failed to widen the gap between them, which remained at five meters.

By the time Ulyssan came to a stop, Klein, who was still invisible, suddenly sensed something amiss. The corresponding scene appeared in his mind. He lunged forward as he clung close to the ground and appeared underneath the frost dragon.

Meanwhile, Ulyssan's thick and powerful tail had swung over, lashing out at the nearby Siatas and Mobet.

Whoosh!

With a loud crack, Mobet was sent flying as he dodged the frost dragon's tail. As for Siatas, she failed to keep up. Although she had the aid of the gales to retreat and reduce the force, she had been struck in the side. The strike shattered the thick illusory scales that surfaced over her body while her ribs fractured. She was also thrown out, but thanks to the wind, she did not strike the snow too hard.

If it were Mobet or Anderson, this strike would've instantly killed them. Thankfully, the Storm pathway's illusory scales protected her. Furthermore, every Sequence advancement brought about corresponding improvements. Siatas was only heavily injured, but she didn't lose consciousness. She didn't even completely lose her mobility.

At that moment, Ulyssan's neck moved as it widened its mouth, spewing out a light-blue beam.

The beam of light swept past Snowman, freezing him into an ice sculpture. Edwina, Frunziar, and Anderson were blocked by the huge dragon's body. They were too far away to help him in time with their other Beyonder powers.

Bang!

The frost dragon leaped up a little and turned around. When it hit the ground again, it left a slight tremor.

By then, it was clearly in a terrible state. The wound on its right shoulder was exceptionally gruesome. Although the frozen light blue liquid barely stopped the wound from worsening, its right foreclaw was nearly maimed and could hardly be used.

Many of the illusory scales on its body had shattered and dimmed considerably; it was as though they had lost large amounts of vitality.

Regardless, it had severely injured and restrained three of its opponents. The situation was much better than before, especially with Groselle being seriously injured. It was no longer caught up in battle and could now attack as it wished.

Upon seeing this scene, Edwina's light blue eyes turned black again. Viscous, vile thoughts slowly flowed from them.

She suddenly clenched her right palm, causing Ulyssan to raise its head in a roar. It was in excruciating pain as light blue liquid flowed from the corner of its eyes and mouth.

At that moment, the only thought on the frost dragon's mind was to purge the emotional disturbance from its Spirit Body.

Taking the opportunity, Edwina's eyes lit up and turned extremely pure. The light of dawn around her quickly materialized into a sword.

She wanted to play the role of a Guardian to fend off the King of the North!

She believed that Gehrman Sparrow definitely had his reasons for staying by Ulyssan's side while being invisible. All he needed was time!

At that moment, a figure enveloped in the original light of dawn charged at the frost dragon.

It was none other than the giant, Groselle!

His chest had sunk in. His grayish-blue skin was pale, and the broadsword in his hand had web-like cracks. However, he still bravely faced his enemy.

Groselle cleaved at his target as though he were burning away his life, emitting light and warmth.

"Giants never retreat!"

Amidst his roar, Groselle parried the frost dragon's repeated blows, and he dodged the ice-blue breath in time due to its maimed front claw.

"Imprison!" Frunziar ran over and began to restrict the King of the North's actions. Edwina also worked in tandem with him. Once Ulyssan's rage allowed it to escape the restraints, she triggered its emotions again, allowing the restriction to continue and prevent another charge. At this moment, Anderson switched between throwing burning-white spears and fireballs. Again and again, he inflicted severe damage on the frost dragon. After Mobet managed to catch his breath, he continued stealing its thoughts or powers, stopping the frost dragon's attacks.

Ulyssan attempted to spread its wings a second time. It took to the air again, sending snow flying, but with Frunziar adding another flight restriction, it could only give up when it sensed the difficulty in doing so.

Klein, who kept switching positions by its feet, gained deeper control over its Spirit Body Threads. It had long reached the twenty-second mark, but he failed to achieve success. This was because the King of the North's spirituality was extremely potent!

After a while, there was a clang. Groselle's broadsword was tainted by the frost dragon's breath as he was struck by its claw. The weapon shattered completely, turning into countless fragments as they flew everywhere.

With sputtering sounds, the invisible walls in front of Groselle reached their limit, allowing several fragments through that impaled his head and chest.

Frunziar, who was similarly nearby, failed to dodge in time. The side of his armor collided with the fragments and mangled his side.

"Giants never retreat!"

Groselle roared loudly once again. The light of dawn radiated from him once again as a sword made of pure light appeared in his palm.

As the dark red blood on his face flowed, he parried the frost dragon's strike.

At that moment, Klein was flicking the Spirit Body Threads before he finally saw the opportunity to achieve initial control.

Three seconds! Two seconds! One second!

Ulyssan's actions instantly froze as though all its joints had rusted.

The frost dragon immediately became alert and sensed that the danger came from beneath it. Seizing the moment before its thoughts came to a complete halt, it instantly made the decision to sit down.

It wanted to quash that despicable fellow!

Suddenly, its mind went adrift, having forgotten what it wanted to do. And about twenty meters away, Mobet Zoroast's knees buckled as he sat strangely on the snow.

Klein took the opportunity to move his feet, moving beside the frost dragon's hind legs at a steady pace.

His invisibility was beginning to wear off. After all, the mimicked ability could not compare to the original. He extended his hands halfway as his spirituality jumped, his actions akin to controlling a huge puppet.

Bang!

Ulyssan, whose thoughts were already slowing down, finally recalled what it wanted to do. Its hind legs slowly bent as its hefty figure smashed downwards, but all it did was send snow and dust flying.

No... This is bad... Have to... do that... Thoughts flashed through its mind sporadically as its heart suddenly contracted, condensing a terrifying light blue halo.

This was the Beyonder power rooted in its life force. It could create a cold hell. With this, Klein and the others would completely freeze. If not for Snowman's experience and powers being capable of restraining that state, more than one or two Beyonders would've died.

However, with it under Klein's control, every action Ulyssan attempted was visibly impeded. Edwina acutely noticed the source of danger that she had previously been unable to perceive. Immediately, she clenched her right fist, detonating the frost dragon's strong emotions.

The King of the North's figure trembled in slow motion as the light blue halo it had just condensed scattered out of control. It failed to interfere with its environment.

The frost dragon's mouth slowly opened as it let out a stuttering cry.

Siatas stood up with great difficulty the moment she recovered a little. Upon seeing the situation, she immediately held back her pain and drew her bow.

Her hair flared up again as heavy dark clouds appeared in midair once again. Two different silver bolts of lightning complemented each other's radiance as they surged onto the bow, forming a terrifying arrow that swirled with lightning.

Siatas's face twisted as she released the arrow.

The silver bolt of lightning instantly penetrated Ulyssan's chest with a whoosh, tearing open a ghastly wound. Flames spewed and lightning bolts sparked inside its wound, causing greater damage.

At that moment, Anderson's eyes lit up. A blazing white flame enveloped his body as he transformed into a stream of light, accurately shooting straight for the wound.

Pitch-black marks rapidly surfaced on the frost dragon's abdomen as though someone was scribbling over it. Ulyssan's thoughts weren't as slow due to the intense stimulation. As it struggled to flap its wings, it soared up into the sky.

"Flying is prohibited here!" Frunziar added more restrictions in a timely manner.

Bang!

The King of the North fell to the ground again as the pitch-black marks on its abdomen tore open. Light blue blood and damaged organs spewed out like a waterfall.

Anderson took the opportunity to jump away from the dragon's body. The flames over his body had extinguished as a transparent layer of ice covered him.

"Cold... It's really cold." He held Death Brachydont as he stiffly jumped away. His body was constantly trembling.

Klein, who had nearly allowed the frost dragon to escape his binding, achieved initial control again. He made Ulyssan's thoughts of taking everyone present down with it slow down as it suffered from theft and explosions.

It slowly raised its long neck and let out a drawn-out whimper while its body collapsed bit by bit.

During this process, Klein didn't attempt to stop Siatas and company's continued attacks. He knew very well that turning the frost dragon into a marionette would take far more than five minutes. There were too many accidents that could happen in that span of time.

Frunziar stood straight while panting. With the side of his body mangled, he pushed forward his swordless palm and declared in ancient Hermes, "Death!"

Ulyssan's body trembled as it collapsed to the ground like a small mountain made of ice.

Light-blue radiance, nearly white, was released from its body as its flesh and body quickly disintegrated. Soon, the gigantic dragon corpse turned into a snow-laden heavy door that swung outwards.

Without anyone mentioning it, all the Beyonders present knew that it was a door leading to the outside world.

"Finally... Finally... Success..." Groselle laughed out loud as his voice grew softer.

Thud!

His nearly four-meter-tall figure fell forward as he held himself up with a knee. Following that, the light of dawn around him scattered as his aura was almost immediately gone.

"Groselle!" Siatas and the others hurried over, some with great difficulty and others at great speed.

Groselle looked around him slowly, clenching his fist as he gave a good-natured laugh.

"We succeeded!

"Giants never retreat..."

His head with the single vertical eye drooped when his voice came to a halt.

Chapter 702: Epilogue

"Groselle!"

Frunziar, who was closest to the giant, rushed to Groselle and caught him. Then, he slowly released his grip and stood up, as though he had just experienced a confusing dream.

Siatas tore herself free of Mobet's arms, and ignoring the pain all over her body, she ran to Groselle's side with the aid of the wind.

She bent down and carefully observed for a moment. Then, she nudged the giant and hysterically shouted, "Wake up! Wake up!

"It's time for us to leave!" Her voice softened into silence.

Mobet stood to one side, unable to keep his swaying body upright. Finally, he fell to the ground with a thud.

He fell silent for a few seconds before exhaling.

At that moment, Anderson and Edwina had already run to Snowman. One used a flame, while the other mimicked holy light to quickly defrost him. As Klein was nearby, he directly arrived by Groselle's side.

His Spirit Body Threads vision told him that the giant was dead.

Only his spirit lingered, but it was beginning to scatter. This made his Damage Transfer powers completely useless.

From the moment Groselle ignited the light of dawn and engaged the frost dragon in a second battle, he must have prepared himself for death... Klein fell silent.

Mobet glanced at him and said with a rueful smile, "To be frank, I've not seen many giants. Most of my impressions of them came from books, teachers, and parents. I always thought that this race was cruel and violent, unintelligent creatures who were closer to monsters. However, Groselle wasn't like that. He was frank, honest, and optimistic. Although he might appear rather silly, he knew better than anyone what was right and wrong.

"He told me that this was because he wasn't one of those ancient giants. He wasn't even a second or third generation giant... The cruel and violent giants similarly had the ability to reproduce and give birth. As for their descendants, more rational individuals would appear from time to time. These descendants would reproduce and have more descendants, allowing the entire giant race to escape from the confines of being monsters.

"Hehe, I don't know if I should believe him, but his existence has proven the possibility..."

As Mobet said that, he suddenly paused as though immersed in his memories.

At that moment, Edwina and Anderson helped Snowman, whose body was still a little stiff, walk over. The ascetic struggled over to Groselle's side.

Looking at the tightly closed single eye, Snowman made the sign of the cross on his chest. He half-closed his eyes as he whispered a prayer:

"Father of all things, the great source of everything, here lies an honest and pure soul... May he enter 'Your' kingdom and receive eternal redemption..."

Siatas opened her mouth as though she wanted to say that Groselle's faith was in Giant King Aurmir, but she ultimately chose to keep silent. She watched in silence as Snowman completed the prayer.

"We have to leave as quickly as possible. No one knows how long this door will remain open!" the Elven Songster said as she surveyed her surroundings. Her sorrow and pain left her rather quick-tempered.

She looked down at the giant and added in a heavy voice, "We can't let Groselle's soul dissipate in this illusory world. We have to bring him back to reality!"

"Alright," Mobet immediately agreed. Klein and the others didn't object either.

Edwina turned her head and shouted at the mountain cave of ice and snow.

"Danitz, you can come out now."

At that moment, Siatas's eyes darted around as though she had recalled something. She turned her head and said to Klein, "Do you have a pen and paper?"

"Yes." Klein took out the fountain pen and notebook he carried with him. This was a professional habit of a Seer.

Siatas received it and began scribbling on it. She didn't stop, even when Danitz ran out of the cave.

Danitz kept silent. He was also in low spirits, lacking the joy and excitement he should have felt at their impending departure from this book world.

Finally, Siatas stopped writing and handed the paper and pen to Klein.

"The formula you wanted."

Aren't we completing the trade only after leaving? Klein wondered in puzzlement. He received the pen and the Ocean Songster potion formula.

As though sensing his puzzlement, Siatas turned her head and looked at Groselle. She said with a heavy voice, "We are now companions."

So you can give me the potion formula directly? Klein put the items away and nodded indiscernibly.

"I'll give you the wine cup after we leave."

Siatas didn't respond. Instead, she nudged Mobet.

"Bring Groselle along."

Mobet looked down at his none-too-muscular body and his pointed, curved leather boots. He gave a bitter smile of helplessness and walked to Groselle's thigh.

Frunziar silently followed as he bent down to embrace the giant's left shoulder.

Anderson looked around and tsked.

"All of you are injured or weak. Let me do it."

He then lifted Groselle's other shoulder.

Klein was just about to help with the other thigh when Danitz rushed over to take the spot.

Upon seeing this, he stopped in his tracks. He then watched Anderson and company lift Groselle as they walked towards the illusory snow-laden door.

Klein, Edwina, the stumbling Siatas, and Snowman silently followed beside them before they arrived at the exit formed from Ulyssan's corpse.

At that moment, Klein surveyed the area and discovered that the light-blue blood that flowed out from the King of the North had vanished. It was as though it had never existed.

Indeed, it was a conjured monster that was almost real... Klein walked behind as he watched Edwina take a few steps forward as she bent forward, placing her palms on the door.

Then, Vice Admiral Iceberg exerted her strength and pushed open the snow-laden door.

Silently, everyone saw everything turn illusory, then transparent, before disappearing.

Rows of brownish-yellow bookshelves quickly appeared before their eyes, along with the orange-yellow sun which had just set below the horizon and a desk with a fountain pen, ink bottle, and paper.

This was Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina's cabin!

Klein quickly placed the middle of the table in his sights. Upon it lay a book bound in yellowish-brown goatskin.

The book flipped to the end as a result of a formless wind. Klein and the others then saw the epilogue.

"With the help of the crazy adventurer and the strongest hunter, Groselle fulfilled his promise. He led his teammates and slew the King of the North, but he also ended up sleeping forever in the Nation of Frost."

"It didn't even give us an ending... Siatas, where do you plan on heading to next?" Mobet released Groselle's thigh as he turned his head to ask the Elven Songster.

Siatas's eyes seemed to glaze over for a few seconds before she firmly said, "Seek out my race..."

Just as she said that, she suddenly saw Mobet's flaxen-colored hair rapidly turn white. His originally smooth face had obvious wrinkles.

In just a second, Mobet was dying of old age.

Siatas's heart tightened. Just as she was about to lunge forward, she was surprised to realize that she had lost the strength in her legs at some point in time.

With a thud, she fell to the ground and realized that the back of her hands were covered in an elder's age spots.

She instantly understood what was happening as tears immediately flowed down her face. She struggled as she attempted to crawl towards Mobet.

Mobet had similarly slumped to the ground as he crawled towards her while extending his right palm.

Siatas reached out her right palm and grabbed the wrinkled and thin hand.

They raised their heads with great difficulty as their pupils reflected each other.

The corners of their mouths curled up simultaneously before loosening weakly. Their eyelids drooped and blocked out the light.

Klein, Edwina, Anderson, and Danitz failed to react in time to such changes. They had no idea what they could do as they helplessly watched Groselle's corpse rapidly rot as his flesh and blood evaporated, leaving his skeleton and Beyonder characteristic. As for Mobet, Siatas, Snowman, and Frunziar, they aged in seconds before breathing their last breath and repeating whatever had happened to Groselle's corpse.

Their clothes had either disappeared or turned to dust. Their souls dispersed at extraordinary speeds before they were gone.

"Even the one who lived inside the book for the shortest time had been there for 165 years..." Edwina muttered softly as she turned her head to look at the bones which faced the sea and sun.

It was none other than Disciplinary Paladin Frunziar. He was sitting on a chair looking west--where Backlund was.

Snowman was seated cross-legged to the side. His corpse maintained the posture of praying.

That's right. They lived in the book world for centuries or millennia. With the rules of the outside world, as non-demigods, they should've died long ago... I should've realized this... Why wasn't I wary of this point at all? Could it be... Klein suddenly recalled the psychological influence on Mobet, Groselle, and company as he began having an idea.

He once again looked down at the book bound by goatskin. He believed that it had many, many more secrets.

"That fellow was rather interesting. And he died just like that..." Anderson looked at Mobet's corpse as he smirked.

At that moment, all the Beyonder characteristics had slowly condensed. However, Frunziar didn't produce anything similar to that. Edwina observed for a moment before softly saying, "The potion he consumed was illusory, likewise for the strength he obtained. It's just like that frost dragon."

It was probably conjured in the book world. It was almost real... Klein sighed silently. He was momentarily at a loss for words, so all he could do was maintain Gehrman Sparrow's silence.

In the next ten minutes, no one spoke in the captain's cabin of the Golden Dream until the four Beyonder characteristics took form.

One of them was the size of a fist resembling a heart; it was covered with holes as it shimmered with the light of dawn. Another resembled a jellyfish; its translucent exterior seemed to contain azure-blue seawater, and inside it were vortices that were occasionally stirred by hurricanes or flashing silver lightning while emitting a faint, ethereal song. Another was a pure, bright crystal that exuded holiness. The last was a baby's palm with five thin stretched-out fingers as it kept changing colors due to the environment.

"Sigh, we can't just keep watching like this." Finally, Anderson broke the silence. "Let's split the Beyonder characteristics."

Just as Edwina's light-blue eyes were dyed with pangs of fire, the hunter shrugged and said with a wry smile, "I believe that they'll have wishes such as this, since we were companions who fought together."

Chapter 703: Thank-you Present

Seeing Edwina's gaze warm up, Anderson curled the corners of his mouth and shook his head with a sigh.

"You're always so inflexible. That's why you aren't able to become an artist your entire life."

After sighing again, he looked at the corpse on the chair.

"We can't keep watching. We have to do something. Didn't Siatas wish to find her race? Let's bury her near an elven ruin in Sonia Island. Mobet looks like he wants to be with Siatas. We should bury them in the same tomb.

"Didn't Frunziar want to return to Backlund? Burn his remains to ashes, store the ashes in a box, and bring it to the city when possible. If time permits, then someone can look for his descendants. As for Snowman, it's not known if he believes in the ancient sun god or the original Creator. Who knows if the two are the same. Heh, to us, it's the same. There's definitely no way to find the corresponding cathedrals or altars. Therefore, the only thing we can do is bury him beside Groselle.

"Groselle... He wishes to return to the Giant King's Court, but that's a city in myths and legends. There's no way to find it in the real world. However, there are Giant ruins in the Northern and Southern Continent. We can bury him there and allow him to have a proper burial."

Giant King's Court... Backlund... Klein listened in silence as he deliberated for a few seconds.

"Leave the ashes of Groselle, Snowman, and Frunziar with me."

He believed that in time, the City of Silver would manage to reach the Giant King's Court. When that happened, he could hand Groselle's and Snowman's ashes to Little Sun and have him bury the two ancient figures. As for Backlund, Klein needed to return to it, as it was the final destination of his travels. He could then bring back Frunziar, who had been away from his hometown for more than 165 years.

Edwina added, "The Golden Dream often goes to Sonia Island. I'll handle Siatas's and Mobet's remains."

"Alright. You'll be in charge of the cremation later." Anderson turned to look at Danitz as he chuckled and sighed. "Look, everyone has a part to play in this. There's no need to feel inferior."

He originally imagined that Danitz wouldn't understand his consoling and would glare at him angrily. To his surprise, this well-known pirate's expression turned heavy as he nodded in silence.

"Ahem. As companions who faced the King of the North together, let's each choose one. Consider it our way of inheriting their legacy." Anderson gestured at the shimmering items on the floor. "Heh heh, these Beyonder characteristics definitely have remnants of their psyche. I wonder what kind of influence they will bring. Whether one is concocted into a potion for consumption or given to an Artisan to craft into an item, there should be something special about them. The former can be digested with the acting method, but nothing can be done about the latter. Ah, from the looks of it, you don't know the acting method. Treat it as though I didn't say a thing."

The last two sentences were addressed to Danitz.

Klein didn't have the mood to lampoon Anderson. He looked at the four Beyonder characteristics and said, "Give Siatas's to me."

This was the main ingredient of an Ocean Songster!

Edwina thought for a moment before saying, "I'll take Snowman's."

It corresponded to the Priest of Light which Klein already had one of. Hence, he didn't choose it.

Anderson glanced at the remaining two Beyonder characteristics as his gaze paused at the strange item that resembled a baby's palm.

"I have to say that this guy is very interesting. Perhaps it can be made into a mystical item that can talk to me. That way, everyone wouldn't be so lonely."

At that moment, the "giant's heart" didn't have an owner. Klein glanced at Danitz and indifferently said, "It's yours."

"Mine? I didn't do anything. I didn't participate in the battle..." Danitz was extremely surprised.

Klein said simply, "You scouted and took on a risk."

To Klein, this was a form of compensation. This was because Danitz had chanted The Fool's honorific name and knew Gehrman Sparrow's secret. Therefore, he had to ensure his faith in The Fool; otherwise, it would only leave latent risks.

Although this was a risk that Danitz was willing to take, Klein still wished to compensate him. Of course, he hoped that Danitz would view it as a boon from The Fool.

And regardless of exchanging Groselle's Beyonder characteristic for money, using it to purchase the corresponding formula and ingredients, or making it into a defensive mystical item, all of them would be very useful for Danitz.

"Take it," Edwina said as she looked at Danitz.

"Alright." Danitz nodded after a few seconds of silence.

After distributing them, Klein took a few steps forward and bent his back to pick up Siatas's Beyonder characteristic. Looking at the azure-blue seawater sloshing inside the translucent membrane, he could vaguely hear the elf's beautiful singing.

Just as he stood up, he saw Danitz nodding as though he was responding to a question. However, no one had spoken!

Klein's gaze swept past Edwina's expressionless face and wondered whether this Mysticism Magister was communicating with Danitz in a way others couldn't hear.

Seeing Danitz give an affirmative answer, Edwina reached out to pick up Groselle's Travels from the desk and closed it. She then handed it to Klein.

"This is a token of my gratitude."

"Without me, all of you would've defeated the frost dragon."

Klein didn't reach out his hand as he looked at the book bound in yellowish-brown goatskin.

"No, we definitely would've died. We had no way to defend against the King of the North's final frenzy. Besides, you were taking a huge risk entering the book." Edwina was like a teacher, explaining to him the reasons in a serious manner. "My only request is that you tell me the answers if you figure out its origins and principles."

Klein was very curious about the secrets hidden in Groselle's Travels. He couldn't reject the offer as he reached out to take the magical book.

"Okay."

At this moment, the importance of the Giant King's Court became even more apparent. He even thought of buying the black iron key belonging to the giants and worth 5,000 pounds as well. However, he didn't immediately make the request, to prevent Edwina from thinking that he was trying to fleece her.

He prepared to wait a few more hours, or perhaps tomorrow, before borrowing the key from Vice Admiral Iceberg. He would head above the gray fog to divine its worth before offering to purchase it.

Seeing Anderson and Danitz pick up their Beyonder characteristics, Edwina glanced at the darkening sky and said to Klein, "Where are you headed next?"

"Bayam," Klein replied frankly.

Edwina nodded.

"You can travel there on the Golden Dream. We have plenty of rooms."

Klein nodded indiscernibly as he agreed.

Who would turn down a free ride?

After dealing with the remains and cleaning up the captain's cabin, Edwina walked to the door and opened it.

There were gasps of pleasant surprise as the mood in the corridor turned jubilant.

"Alright, it's fine now." Edwina looked around as a smile formed from her cold expression.

The crew cheered loudly, making Anderson stroke his chin and frown.

"It's more dramatic than I imagined..." Without a doubt, his words were drowned by the ebullient cheers.

After everything came to an end, Klein and Anderson left the captain's cabin under Danitz's lead and headed for other rooms on the same level.

Half-turning his body to look where they were, Anderson suddenly sighed.

"Is that it?

"Although we didn't get to know each other for more than half an hour, people who fought alongside you often leave a deep impression. But to think they suddenly died in a baffling manner. All of them..."

Klein was silent for two seconds before saying, "This world is filled with baffling deaths to begin with."

"That's right." Anderson immediately smiled. "That's why optimism is needed to enjoy life. If I were to face death one day, I'll definitely be composed and cool, not losing my elegance at all. I would face it in the most handsome manner possible."

Don't set a flag for yourself... Klein didn't say a word as he entered the room Danitz opened for him. Anderson took the room beside him.

In the room, Klein stood at the window as he silently watched the darkening sea for nearly ten minutes. Then, he entered the bathroom, took four steps counterclockwise, recited the incantation, and went above the gray fog.

Sitting at the high-back chair of The Fool, he conjured The World's figure and made him make a praying pose.

"Honorable Mr. Fool, please inform The Sun that I've obtained the Sequence 6 Notary potion formula he wants. I also have clues to the Priest of Light formula and main ingredients. He can delay payment, put it on credit, and pay for it in the future."

Klein was doing this to prepare for his advancement to Sequence

4, The City of Silver had rich resources, so it was possible that particular main ingredients or difficult supplementary ingredients that were hard to come across would exist over there. Therefore, with him in no rush to get anything, he planned on letting Little Sun owe him.

The reason why he didn't say that he had obtained the main ingredients and potion formula for Priest of Light, was because he felt that it was too exaggerated. He planned on telling him once Little Sun was more or less done digesting the potion.

After checking the conjured scene twice, he transmitted it into the crimson star representing The Sun as a stream of light.

Afternoon Town.

Having just finished patrolling the periphery of the newly established camp, Derrick's vision suddenly blurred, and he saw an endless gray fog and an indistinct figure praying inside a dark red glow.

Immediately following that, he heard The World's voice and learned that his Notary potion formula had been acquired.

Mr. World's efficiency is really high. It's the exact number of days that he promised. Furthermore, he even got clues to the Priest of Light potion formula and main ingredients! Derrick felt joy after a moment of alarm.

He couldn't help but admire The World, wishing that he would possess similar strength and bearing in the future.

Above the gray fog, the busy The World made another prayer after Mr. Fool confirmed that there weren't any problems with the Ocean Songster potion formula.

"Honorable Mr. Fool, please inform Mr. Hanged Man that I've already obtained the Ocean Songster's potion formula and the corresponding main ingredient. I'll give it to him during the next Tarot Gathering. Please get him to consider what he would like to provide in exchange."

Chapter 704: Origins

On the undulating sea, inside an ancient and dark sailboat.

Alger Wilson stood in front of a window, considering the report he had to produce when he arrived at Pasu Island. At that moment, the endless gray fog and a figure lording over him appeared.

He then saw a dark-red glow and a blurry figure resembling The World. He then heard the figure's calm words.

After hearing it, Alger's eyes widened. He found it difficult to suppress his joy as a strong sense of bewilderment and shock emerged within his heart.

He remembered very clearly that The World had only promised The Sun to obtain the Notary potion formula within three days at the last Tarot Club gathering. He hadn't mentioned anything related to the Ocean Songster potion formula, but in just days, this gentleman had obtained the rare Sequence 5 formula and even its main ingredient!

What exactly did he do? Alger muttered silently to himself as he couldn't help but recall Gehrman Sparrow's cold and formidable appearance. He found the man more and more unfathomable.

Is this the advantage of being a Blessed? Yes, I just received the news yesterday that Gehrman Sparrow boarded the Future last week in Nas. On the one hand, it proves that Admiral of Stars is indeed The Hermit, and on the other hand, it means that what The World did last week was extremely important. For example, entering those dangerous waters in the easternmost reaches to obtain something. Therefore, he had no choice but to seek The Hermit's help? As such, he advanced and became a Sequence 5 powerhouse?

This can explain how he obtained the Ocean Songster potion formula and its main ingredient in the span of a few days... But what did he do exactly? Don't tell me that he killed someone from the upper-middle echelons of the Church? Alger couldn't help but frown.

He quickly calmed his heart as he focused on another matter.

Although instantly obtaining the formula and main ingredient delighted and excited him, making him feel that becoming a Tarot Club member was a turning point in his life, he still needed to pay for it!

What can I give The World... Alger fell into deep thought, dispirited to realize that he didn't have any items or money of equal value.

He subconsciously paced about his window.

Above the gray fog, the busy The World vanished as Klein cast his eyes on Groselle's Travels which he had brought above the gray fog.

This book bound in yellowish-brown goatskin was silently placed on the long bronze table. It didn't appear special in any way, appearing so ordinary that only history enthusiasts would notice it.

Klein conjured a pen and paper as he cautiously wrote the first divination statement: "This is the Spectator pathway's Uniqueness."

He was most worried about this point, as it meant that he couldn't seal the book above the gray fog. It might bring about unexpected accidents, but carrying it with him made it possible for him to be sucked into the book at any time. That would be very problematic.

He undid the spirit pendulum on his left wrist, composed himself, and attempted a divination.

When he opened his eyes, the topaz pendant was spinning counterclockwise.

It meant a negative result.

From the looks of it, this strange book isn't the Spectator pathway's Uniqueness. Then, there's no need to be too afraid... Klein thought for a few seconds before divining if Groselle's Travels was the corresponding item of the Spectator pathway's Sequence 1 or 2. To his surprise, the divination ended in a failure.

Hmm... he thought for a long while before penning a new divination statement: "Its origins."

The reason why Klein dared to do such a divination was because he knew very well that the Spectator pathway's Sequence 0 had long perished. There was a high chance that the Uniqueness was in the hands of the Twilight Hermit Order. Therefore, the chances of him having to face a true god were negligible.

Putting down the pen and holding the paper and book, Klein leaned back into the chair and recited the divination statement as he entered a dream with Cogitation.

The gray, hazy world cracked open as the sky turned extremely dark. It was as though strong winds were stirring the dark clouds.

In this dark environment, a sliver of light appeared first along the horizon as it grew bigger and clearer.

It was a floating continent!

It was a huge continent that could hold several cities!

The continent's periphery was grayish-white in color. Huge boulders revealed their outlines, and above them, there were dozens of erect hundred-meter-tall stone columns. They either stood independently or propped up magnificent ancient palaces.

Dragons of different colors--grayish-white, scarlet-red, yellowish-bronze--as well as some made of ice, were flying over the continent and the unique city. At times, they would land on a stone column to rest as they overlooked the land. At other times, they would enter the opulent palace and vanish from Klein's sight.

Among them, the smallest one was about the size of King of the North Ulyssan. The biggest spanned a hundred meters.

The scene quickly zoomed in as a palace with a height of over two hundred meters occupied Klein's vision.

Its interior had stone columns erected, propping up a dome. The space was so large that it allowed any dragon to move freely within.

The "camera" kept moving inward, and soon, Klein saw a book made of yellowish-brown goatskin. Its cover was blank as it floated in midair. Compared to its surroundings, it was amazingly small.

Right behind the book, a large shadow appeared.

Just as the shadow's silhouette was outlined, Klein felt his thoughts instantly explode!

Blood sprayed from his eyes as his ears were left with two black holes. His mouth and nostrils had bloodstained white matter spray from them.

The mysterious space above the gray fog gently trembled as it pacified everything. Klein quickly recovered as he gritted his teeth and rubbed his head.

It hurts! It freaking hurts!

This is in no way inferior to the Eternal Blazing Sun. I didn't even discern 'His' looks or gain any knowledge...

Was "He" Dragon of Imagination Ankewelt? According to Little Sun's information, "He" had perished at the end of the Second Epoch. After so many epochs, after two or three millennia, just prying into the mystery was enough to put me in such a sorry state. If not for the gray fog's screening and assistance, I would've died immediately... This mark is way too powerful, isn't it?

There's no way of comparing them. Its damage is inferior to the previous encounter with the Eternal Blazing Sun, but one had died long ago, while the other is still alive. It just begs the question if the ancient gods are stronger than the real gods of the present day...

Using nearly a minute to recover from the pain, Klein recast his gaze on Groselle's Travels. He tapped the mottled table's edge and muttered silently, This book's "author" is Dragon of Imagination Ankewelt?

A book written by an ancient god, a storybook that can automatically develop its own ending?

What is "His" goal? When this book was formed, the Dragon of Imagination likely hadn't encountered the ancient sun god and was fine. After all, it would take some time to go from the City of Miracles, Liveseyd, to the Giant King's Court. And before Groselle was swallowed by the book, the Giant King's Court was clearly still in existence.

Just a prank? A toy used to kill "His" boredom? Or could it be that the Dragon of Imagination had foreseen some of the future. "He" specially created this book to leave behind a chance for "Himself" or the dragons to resurrect. However, he underestimated the ancient sun god's might, and he completely perished. It made the book unusable for millennia, so all it could do was naturally absorb characters into it to play out a story?

Klein made some guesses, but he wasn't able to verify them. After some consideration, he thought of finding a chance to enter the book in search of clues.

In the future, I can enter as a Spirit Body above the gray fog. Once I encounter any trouble, I'll immediately return... Yes, I'll make the attempt after I'm no longer with Edwina and Anderson. I have to be careful and cautious... Klein nodded as he divined if leaving Groselle's Travels above the gray fog would bring undesirable changes to the mysterious space, but he was met with failure again.

As for the reason, he actually knew why. This was a place that transcended the spirit world. Divining about matters involving this area naturally failed if attempts were made to obtain revelations from the spirit world.

After deciding to frequently come above the gray fog to take a look so as to prevent any accidents, Klein threw Groselle's Travels into the junk pile. He then waved his hand, summoning a golden wine cup that had been partially flattened.

The cup bore intricate patterns engraved on it, with the Elvish phrases "Calamity" and "Cohinem." Apart from that, there wasn't anything special.

With it in hand, Klein silently rubbed it for a few seconds.

Knock, knock, knock!

Klein politely knocked on the door to the captain's cabin.

"Is there something?" Edwina, who had let down her hair, looked at Gehrman Sparrow and asked.

Klein handed over the elf queen's golden wine cup.

"Put this in Siatas's tomb."

"Alright." Edwina fell silent for two seconds before nodding and receiving it.

She habitually studied the engravings and symbols on the cup before withdrawing her gaze in embarrassment. She then looked out the window and said, "They'll be organizing a bonfire party. Will you be participating?"

"No." Klein shook his head.

"I understand. I don't plan on participating either. Not everyone is like Anderson, who can quickly raise his spirits," Edwina said with pursed lips.

Actually, it's not necessarily a bad thing... Klein was momentarily at a loss for a response. And apart from "giving lessons," Edwina wasn't good at socializing. Immediately, the two of them fell silent.

About ten seconds later, Klein silently inhaled and broke the silence.

"Are you selling that key that originates from the giants?"

"Yes." Edwina thought about it before glancing at her collector's room. She added, "I can lend it to you for studying. You can decide whether to buy it before leaving the ship."

Chapter 705: Mythical Creature

... You didn't even need me to mention it... I was still a little embarrassed to raise the subject... Klein secretly heaved a sigh of relief. After considering Gehrman Sparrow's persona, he calmly said, "I do not take advantage of others."

Just as he said that, he felt a little regretful. He was afraid that Vice Admiral Iceberg would really change her mind.

Edwina's light-blue eyes moved slightly as she said, "The only condition is that you have to tell me the answer to anything you figure out."

Phew... Klein didn't harp on the issue as he nodded. "Okay."

About a minute later, he carried a black iron key as large as a heptachord.

And at that moment, there was a series of fervent singing from the deck.

"Your eyes are so mesmerizing that it feels like the light from dawn;

"When night comes and the sun has gone down, I almost start feeling melancholy; fervently awaiting your light;

"Oh, your eyes are so mesmerizing that it feels like the light from dawn..."

Klein subconsciously went to the window and looked out. He saw that the bonfire had already been lit, and the Golden Dream's crew, with nothing else to do, were gathered around it. They were either roasting meat or fish as they guzzled beer. Otherwise, they would be dancing a rather random but lively dance alongside Singer Orpheus's singing. It was a very merry atmosphere.

The roasting food exuded a tantalizing aroma that wafted upwards. Klein saw that Anderson Hood was also among the pirates, drinking in high spirits and eating happily. From time to time, he would shout a few words and tell a joke, as though he was already a member of the Golden Dream. He was no longer ostracized like before. Instead, Danitz didn't appear among them. At the very least, Klein didn't see him near Iron Skin or Barrel.

As long as he doesn't provoke others, Anderson is rather good at socializing... This might be the intelligence gathering powers of a Conspirer? Yes, he might've transferred the hatred onto me...

I wonder if Danitz will work hard after what happened. If he can improve himself and acquire greater strength, then as The Fool, I wouldn't only have myself as a subordinate. I don't have to always appear as a trinity. Heh heh, this secret existence of mine finally has a real believer, someone I can directly order to do things, even though it's only limited to Danitz... I have to say, it's still quite pathetic...

As Klein reflected on the matter, he prepared a ritual to sacrifice the giants' key above the gray fog.

At that moment, his spiritual perception was triggered as he instinctively activated his Spirit Vision and looked to the side.

White bones were thrown up as they materialized into the messenger with black flames in its eye sockets.

Half of the messenger's body was in the lower deck, so it was nearly level with Gehrman Sparrow without tearing through the ceiling. However, the palm holding the letter remained huge, as though it could easily wrap it around Klein's head.

Mr. Azik was quite quick to reply this time... As Klein politely nodded, he received the letter and unfolded it.

Just as he was about to read its contents, he suddenly realized that the skeleton messenger remained standing there. It didn't vanish once it delivered the letter.

"Is there something?" Klein asked in surprise.

Just as he said that, an idea flashed through his mind as he quickly added, "If there's a need to reply, then I will summon you again."

The skeleton messenger's huge head nodded as its body collapsed like a waterfall before returning to the Underworld.

Ma'am Reinette Tinekerr previously waited for me to give a reply, same for the skeleton messenger this time... Is this some new regulation the messenger world has enacted? Pui! There's no such thing as a messenger world. They're all individually summoned, and most messengers are just doing it part-time... Yes, the skeleton messenger gave me an aggrieved feeling... Klein shook his head without much thought before focusing his attention on Mr. Azik's letter.

"To put it simply, attaining godhood begins from the moment one advances to Sequence 4. It's a slow process of evolution towards a mythical creature. This process comes to an end at Sequence 2. Therefore, there is a qualitative difference between an angel and a saint. In ancient times, the former were even called subsidiary gods.

"Every demigod, including saints and angels, has their own mythical state. This is a nonhuman form which is a potpourri of complex knowledge, godhood characteristics, and secret symbols. Ordinary people will suffer tremendous damage from a simple glance, to the point of losing their minds. And as the demigod grows in strength, the damage only grows more potent and irresistible. Therefore, creatures at this level have to constantly control themselves to not expose this form, or just from their very existence alone, it can bring about a catastrophe to their surroundings.

"To demigods, one of the main traits of losing control is losing reason. When that happens, they will no longer be able to restrain their mythical creature form.

"However, a Saint's mythical form isn't complete. There are clear characteristics of their original race. Strictly speaking, one is a true mythical creature only after they reach Sequence 2..."

I wonder if the blood that Ma'am Hermit wants is the blood of a mythical creature in the true sense of the phrase, or if the criteria can be relaxed... Heh, I wonder whether the placental blood from Will Auceptin's birth counts. "He" is a Sequence 1 Snake of Fate, an absolute mythical creature, just not in the correct form... I'll accumulate more matters before writing on the paper crane to ask him. Yes, there are only two more times, so I need to do it for serious matters. However, I'll be returning to Backlund soon... With this in mind, Klein silently calculated when Will Auceptin would be born.

He didn't recall the exact date, but based on his impressions, Will Auceptin had been conceived last November, and it was currently only the middle of April.

Therefore, "He" will be born in July? Perhaps earlier... Klein thought without great certainty. After all, he didn't have a girlfriend or wife in his previous life, much less having a child.

He quickly threw those thoughts to the back of his mind and began setting up the ritual. He sacrificed the giants' key to himself. The reason he didn't use his Spirit Body to carry it was simply that it was too heavy.

Soon, he arrived above the gray fog. He made the black iron key fly onto the surface of the bronze table as he seriously inspected it a few times.

After confirming that there wasn't anything abnormal about it, he conjured a pen and paper and wrote the divination statement: "The place this key corresponds to."

With the paper in hand and his arm around the key, Klein leaned back into his chair and fell asleep while chanting.

This time, the gray, hazy world first presented a distorted translucent screen. As the scene zoomed in, he immediately appeared before a ten-meter-tall door.

The door was mainly gray and blue in color and its sides bore various engraved symbols, labels, and patterns. They were stately and mysterious.

The light of dusk shone over faintly, dyeing the door with a clear sense of decline. It was like the daylight was gone for the world, with only eternal eventide replacing it.

Right on the heels of that, Klein noticed that on the left side of the door, three or four meters above the ground, was a pitch-black socket which was equivalent to an adult's fist.

The scene quickly shattered as Klein opened his eyes.

A door similar to the black cloister's but of a different color... The light of dusk... My interpretation is that it represents a particular door of the Giant King's Court... Yes, the first distorted translucent screen should be the barrier between the Forsaken Land of God and the outside world. Therefore, without the gray mist eliminating interference, there's no way to see the scene via divination... Klein tapped on the edge of the mottled table as he reached his conclusion.

He had already decided to buy the giants' key!

After going through the hassle of bringing 5,000 pounds in cash back to the real world, Klein tidied the items on the table and held a thick stack of cash. He left his room once again and walked to the captain's cabin.

Heh, as a Desire Apostle, Kircheis's bounty is equivalent to a key and 1,000 pounds... Klein glanced at the cash in his hand as he knocked on Vice Admiral Iceberg's door again.

With a creak, Edwina appeared by the door. When she saw him holding the cash, her brows twitched as she widened her eyes. She said with a brightened expression, "You found something?"

Klein tersely acknowledged.

"I've determined that it's likely related to the Giant King's Court."

"The Giant King's Court as spoken in myths?" Edwina's eyes lit up as she asked.

Klein gently nodded in affirmation.

Edwina's lips quivered as though she wished to inquire further, but ultimately, she didn't say a word. She took the 5,000 pounds in cash.

She turned back to look at the rows of bookshelves in the captain's cabin and fell silent. She finally said to Klein seconds later, "If you're interested in these books, you can borrow them anytime in the day."

My only request is... Klein secretly predicted what Vice Admiral Iceberg was about to say.

"My only request is that you can talk to me about history whenever you're free," Edwina paused before she added with her eyes appearing bright.

Klein chuckled inwardly and said after some thought, "Alright, but I will not answer every question."

Meanwhile, he silently prayed inwardly, Let's hope Vice Admiral Iceberg's collection has methods to create higher-level charms...

"No problem." The corner of Edwina's mouth twitched as her expression became livelier.

"See you tomorrow." Klein took off his hat and pressed it to his chest as he bowed to bid farewell.

Edwina also seriously returned the pleasantries.

"See you tomorrow."

Backlund. Iron Gate Street, outside Bravehearts Bar.

Emlyn White got off a carriage, pushed open a wooden door, and walked in.

The mixture of smells inside immediately assaulted him, and he pinched his nose in contempt.

He hadn't had much progress in the competition to hunt for the Primordial Moon believers; therefore, he planned on heading to the Bravehearts Bar which Sherlock Moriarty often mentioned. He was there to find the rather informed black-market arms dealer, Ian. The latter's name was acquired by Emlyn through other means.

Chapter 706: That Man

Turning his body to the side, Emlyn avoided a bulldozing drunkard. While swatting his clothes with a frown, he continued making his way toward the bar counter.

During this process, he didn't seem to be doing anything, but the surrounding customers would always fail to touch him. Be it in terms of speed, agility, or his balance and coordination, he had reached a rather terrifying level.

Finally, Emlyn arrived at the bar counter as he rapped the wooden counter.

"Where's Ian?"

The bartender glanced at him. Without a word, he kept his head low and wiped his glass cups.

Emlyn stood there in surprise, wondering if he had done something wrong that earned him no response. This angered him a little as he wished to reach out and yank the bartender out.

However, he believed that such behavior was beneath a gentleman. He forcefully held down his emotions and looked around, discovering that everyone was drinking.

With a thought, Emlyn experimented by saying, "A cup of Aurmir red wine."

The bartender's actions paused as he looked up and gave the handsome, black-haired, red-eyed man an odd look.

"We don't have that available."

This was the finest red wine in the world. The price was staggering!

Emlyn wasn't dumb, and he could tell from the bartender's eyes that he had ordered something he shouldn't have. On careful thought, he said, "One glass of Southville beer."

"5 pence." The bartender finally lowered the cup and cloth.

Emlyn took out a 1-soli note and said, "Keep the change."

"Thank you." The bartender pointed left and said, "Ian is in Card Room 1."

Emlyn immediately smiled, feeling happy and proud that he had resolved an actual problem. He didn't take the cup of Southville beer and, instead, turned around and walked straight to Card Room 1.

Knock! Knock! Knock! He politely knocked on the door.

"Please come on in." A rather adolescent voice sounded.

Emlyn adjusted his collar and pushed open the door, only to realize that the scene inside was unlike what he had expected.

He believed that since it was a card room, there would be a bunch of people surrounding a long table, playing games like Texas, but to his surprise, there were indeed about eight people, but there weren't any poker cards. A piece of paper was placed in front of every participant as they seemed to be recording something. Apart from that, there were only fountain pens and polyhedral dice on the table.

Emlyn instinctively cast his gaze on the youngest person inside. It was similarly a handsome boy with red eyes. He looked about sixteen.

"Ian?" Emlyn asked.

Ian nodded with a smile.

"That's me. Sir, is there something I can help you with? Or do you wish to join our game?"

"Game?" Emlyn echoed.

Ian chuckled.

"Yes, game. I don't enjoy playing cards or billiards, but something needs to be done when spending the whole day here. I gained some inspiration from Emperor Roselle's biography. It's to organize a few people to sit down and attempt a tabletop adventure.

"In this game, as long as you abide by the rules, you can be anyone--a doctor, an adventurer who loves eating vegetables, a private detective who always carries a wrench and pipe, or an adventurer who enjoys radical ideas. Together, they can head to some ancient castle and seek out the history hidden within, battling all kinds of monsters along the way.

"Sounds a little interesting." Emlyn had a feeling that this game suited him well.

"Haha, do you want to join? We're currently embroiled in a ploy and are facing a powerful ancient vampire. He appears to have a handsome face, but beneath his skin are boils raised by his boiling blood," Ian warmly invited him.

Sanguine, if you please! Emlyn's expression twitched indiscernibly as he directly said, "I have a mission for you."

"Alright... Let's go to the room next door." Ian took his round hat and old satchel and stood up.

The billiard room next door had no one in it. The boy closed the door with great familiarity as he surveyed the area before looking at Emlyn.

"Sir, I do not know you. Might I know who introduced you?"

Emlyn lifted his chin and smiled.

"Sherlock Moriarty."

Just as he said that, he suddenly looked left and right as he raised his hand to pinch his nose.

"So it's Detective Moriarty." Ian heaved a sigh of relief without hiding it. "''m assured then. By the way, didn't he go on vacation to Desi Bay? When will he be back?"

Emlyn lowered his right hand as he said without a change in expression, "He isn't back yet. I've been to his rented apartment.

"To be frank, a normal vacation should've ended by the end of January. It's already April."

"Could it be that something happened to him?" Ian asked worriedly.

Emlyn recalled the powers and mysteriousness which Sherlock Moriarty presented as he shook his head.

"Perhaps he's caught up in a complicated case."

Ian didn't speak further as he asked, "How may I address you? What mission do you have?"

"You can call me Mr. White." Emlyn took out a piece of paper that resembled a bounty notice. "Help me find these five people."

Ian received it and carefully flipped through it for a while.

"20 pounds for an effective clue; 150 pounds for an exact location. Is that acceptable?"

"No problem." Emlyn felt that the price was just too cheap.

Compared to this, the prices seen at the Tarot Club were way more exaggerated.

Ian folded the piece of paper and said, "Mr. White, how do I contact you if I have any clues?"

"South of the Bridge, Harvest Church." Emlyn had already thought of the answer.

Upon hearing that, Ian gave him an odd look.

"You're a believer of Earth Mother? That's rare in Backlund."

"I'm not!" Emlyn firmly shook his head. "I'm only doing volunteer work over there."

Without waiting for Ian to speak, he asked, "How did you inherit those red eyes?"

This was something he had wished to ask when he first saw Ian. This was because red eyes were a trademark characteristic of Sanguine in ancient times. However, there was a long period of time when humans and Sanguine copulated in the Fourth Epoch. They were all residents of an Empire; hence, with the widespread fellowship, many descendants were produced. There was an increasing number of red-eyed mixed-bloods as they passed down their genes, becoming an uncommon eye color for humans.

To put it simply, every red-eyed human had a Sanguine ancestor.

Ian replied in surprise, "My father... I've no idea how much further up the family tree, as I was a vagabond."

From the looks of it, he isn't connected to the Sanguine... Emlyn handed over a twenty-pound deposit, feeling somewhat disappointed before turning to leave the billiard room.

After he left, Ian didn't immediately return to the card room. Instead, he closed the door and said into the air, "Detective Moriarty hasn't returned to Backlund. I'm a little worried about him."

A figure suddenly appeared in the billiard room. She had a pale face with exquisite features while wearing a black bonnet. Dressed in a black Gothic regal dress, she was none other than Wraith Sharron.

"He's doing fine," Sharron replied without any perturbation in her tone. Her figure dematerialized before vanishing.

"You always say the same thing. Don't tell me that you've always been in contact with Detective Moriarty..." Ian mumbled softly as he picked up a newspaper in the corner of the billiard room.

Placed on it was the Tussock Times, and beneath it was News at Sea. The latter was mainly used to report the situations of the different colonies of the Loen Kingdom and matters at sea, but due to technological restrictions, the News at Sea that reached Backlund was severely outdated. It wasn't of much use to people who needed it, so subscription numbers were low, and the business was floundering.

Later, with a suggestion from a new chief editor, the newspaper's style changed. It had more rumors out at sea, as well as all sorts of strange matters involving pirates and adventurers. It appeared more like stories rather than actual news reports.

To people's surprise, this change in style was welcomed. As it involved ghosts, specters, sea monsters, and treasures, it became the semi-literate people's prime choice to flaunt their knowledge to the illiterate at the various bars. After all, although the stories seemed fake, they were sufficiently interesting.

Ian casually flipped through the newspapers without finding any content of interest. He only had a vivid memory of one of the reports in News at Sea.

"According to our correspondent, on the night of the March 25th, the King of Immortality fleet attacked a ship heading from East Balam to Feysac and plundered all its goods and money. And living up to his title, Slaughterer Kircheis finished a bloody massacre..."

These pirates are really preposterous... Ian shook his head and lowered the newspapers. He returned to the card room and continued his game.

Outside the bar, Emlyn boarded a carriage and leaned against the carriage wall as he watched the street lamps move past him.

He pinched his nose again and silently muttered, A Wraith?

This arms dealer sure is resourceful... Not bad!

Emlyn closed his eyes as he felt more hopeful about his entrusted mission.

The sunlight shone in from outside, dyeing the captain's cabin golden.

Edwina sat on a chair with a book in hand as she looked opposite her.

"So, you also believe that the Solomon, Trunsoest, and Tudor Empires all coexisted?"

"This is a necessary condition for the War of the Four Emperors," Klein simply replied.

He held a book titled "Book of the Three Worlds." It originated from a Life School of Thought member before it landed in Vice Admiral Iceberg's hands. It described the material world, the spirit world, and the world beyond rationality. These included some information on charms, with rather profound parts. Klein was seriously reading information on this in a bid to better use the Sea God Scepter and the Worm of Time.

Klein had actually discovered that the books collected by Vice Admiral Iceberg were various ancient texts that were rather unsystematic. This was quite different from the characteristics of the Church of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom which backed her. Therefore, he guessed that the internal, orthodox, systematic mysticism knowledge of the Church was not public.

Edwina was just about to ask again when she suddenly realized the Golden Dream's cruising speed gradually dropping. She looked out the window and after a few looks, said crisply, "We've arrived in Bayam."

Chapter 707: Danitz's Request

We've arrived in Bayam? Klein stood up upon hearing that and looked out. He saw the familiar Resistance's private harbor.

He didn't show his surprise as he commented calmly, "Faster than I expected."

It was three hours faster than he had expected!

"It's faster than I expected as well." Edwina looked away and agreed with Gehrman Sparrow.

However, these are all unimportant details... Klein lowered his head, pretending as though he was browsing through the rest of the Book of the Three Worlds. He then handed it to Vice Admiral Iceberg.

"That marks the end of this discussion."

Edwina looked at the book in silence. She opened her mouth, but no words came out.

She reached for the Book of the Three Worlds and placed it on the table in passing. Following that, she got up and bowed.

"I look forward to future discussions with you. Your expertise in ancient history is admirable."

If Klein had been acting as himself, he would've said a few words of humility while praising Vice Admiral Iceberg for her breadth of knowledge; unfortunately, he was the crazy adventurer, Gehrman Sparrow. All he did was nod and say, "We are collaborators."

It meant that there would be opportunities in the future.

He didn't speak further as he left the captain's cabin and returned to his room. He packed his suitcase with a relaxed mind, waited for the Golden Dream to dock, and then headed straight for the deck.

At that moment, there were many crew members gathered on the deck. These included Gourmet Bru Walls, Singer Orpheus, and Flowery Bow Tie Jodeson, and most of the pirate crew's upper-echelon members of the pirate crew with their heads worth a handsome bounty.

They gave sincere smiles as they happily kept waving at Klein. Among them, Barrel and Iron Skin were filled with excitement as they belted out a song for their departing guest.

When did I have such a good relationship with them? Klein lampooned as he walked past the pirates until he arrived at the gangway.

Anderson Hood was there with his hair combed, his clothes neat and tidy. He said with a laugh, "They probably mean to say goodbye, or rather--let's hope we don't meet again.

"Gehrman, do you know how dangerous a situation you were in? You nearly became the public enemy of every crew member. They were so eager to steer the Golden Dream to Bayam in five minutes."

Klein was just about to answer when he saw Danitz jog over with a black cloak draped over him.

This fellow has really resolved to do better, and he plans to leave the Golden Dream to strike out alone? This is a little incompatible with my plans. Only by being around Vice Admiral Iceberg and the Church of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom would his value as a believer of The Fool be accentuated... However, it doesn't matter. If Danitz can grow stronger, it will be even more meaningful... Klein habitually measured the pros and cons before ignoring his other thoughts. He looked at Danitz in silence and waited for him to speak.

Danitz opened his mouth with a serious expression, but nothing came out of it. All he did was give a hollow chuckle and say to Anderson, "Do you have the potion formula for Conspirer?"

"Yes," Anderson said with a chuckle. "But I have no plans on selling it to you."

Danitz's expression darkened as Anderson continued, unfazed, "What's the point of obtaining the Conspirer potion formula now? Any attempts to advance now will only result in failure!

"Pal, it's best you redo your acting as a Hunter, followed by a Provoker, and then a Pyromaniac. Heh, it's best that you get an Artisan to make that giant's heart into a defensive mystical item. Otherwise, I'm afraid you would be killed by others when the time comes.

"Once you're sure about your chances, get the Conspirer potion formula from your captain. She has it.

"However, I believe that will be the end for you. Heh, Conspirer has very high requirements."

Danitz's face twitched as he was being mocked, but he remembered every word Anderson told him. This was because the man before him had the title of "Strongest Hunter," who had rich experience on this pathway. Furthermore, he had a vague idea that the key was "acting." He suspected that the captain's guidance from before was directed at this, just that it was rather vague.

"There will come a day when I'll let you know what a true Conspirer is!" Danitz stubbornly retorted before looking at Gehrman Sparrow.

He cleared his throat as he said without daring to look into his eyes, "I've already made the request of Captain. In the future, I'll be in contact with the Resistance, and I'll often be in Bayam."

It means you don't wish to leave the Golden Dream, but you will find opportunities to hone yourself? Heh, why does it feel like you're reporting to your boss? Klein chuckled inwardly as he gave a terse answer.

Danitz was instantly relieved as he felt a lot better. If it wasn't because his companions were watching behind him, he would've diligently helped Gehrman Sparrow carry his suitcase and send him all the way to the dock.

After watching Gehrman and Anderson leave, he cautiously decided to pray to The Fool every day starting tonight. He wanted to show his devotion to prevent any accidents from happening to him.

Inside the Resistance's private harbor, Anderson watched as Gehrman Sparrow circled into another newly built road before walking out of the woods via the shortest distance.

"You seem familiar with this place? This road wasn't here the last time I was here," Anderson said, with a mixture of boredom and wistfulness.

Of course, there are so many people praying to me every day reporting what they've done, and I occasionally give them a response, such as directing them to mend this road... Klein thought smugly but replied with a stoic expression, "Where does your friend stay?"

"In a manor in the Bayam city outskirts." Anderson sped up his pace as he led the way.

An hour later, he brought Klein to a manor. There was an eclectic smell from various spices, mixed with an indescribable artificial exoticism.

After informing the gatekeeper of their intentions, the two didn't wait long before they saw a man of average build of less than 1.75 meters walk over. By his side were his butler and valet.

The man's skin was somewhat sallow, with quite a tan. His contours were gentle, but his eye sockets were much more recessed than most Loenese.

To Klein, he could basically determine the man's background. He was a highlander from the Feynapotter Kingdom.

The man was already a little plump, with a rotund, amiable face. He immediately laughed when he saw the Strongest Hunter.

"Anderson, you aren't dead yet?"

"I'm waiting to attend your funeral," Anderson replied without standing on ceremony. He then turned sideways to Klein. "Ukfa Connerchris, the doctor of my former team."

He didn't introduce Gehrman Sparrow to Ukfa and said with a grin, "I've brought you business."

Ukfa instantly understood Anderson and didn't ask in front of his butler and valet. He led the duo towards the main building in the manor.

Along the way, Klein saw buildings such as a windmill, bakery, brewery, and militia training grounds. The entire manor appeared like a miniaturized kingdom. Apart from the lack of a blacksmith, it was completely self-sufficient. Most iron products were cheaper to buy from the city than personally making them.

This is the pastoral lifestyle... Klein sighed silently as he followed Ukfa into the house and to his study.

Ukfa didn't call the mistress of the house over, nor did he carry his child to meet Anderson and Klein. Clearly, he didn't wish for them to have any contact with the mysterious world. Hence, after he closed the door, he went straight to the point.

"What's the business?"

"Didn't you wish to sell that revolver? He intends to buy it." Anderson pointed at Klein. "Gehrman Sparrow."

"Gehrman Sparrow? The powerful adventurer who easily hunted Wormtongue Mithor?" Ukfa said in surprise, but he didn't show any fear.

Although he had distanced himself from the adventuring lifestyle, he knew that he couldn't be careless. Therefore, while in Bayam, he would proactively keep himself informed to prevent trouble from happening.

Anderson scoffed when he heard that.

"That's old news!

"This gentleman's achievements include successfully hunting Slaughterer Kircheis while living to this day."

"Kircheis? The second mate of the King of Immortality?" Ukfa's expression changed. He couldn't hide his horror as he secretly turned wary.

"That's right!" Anderson said with a self-deprecating smile. "In the pirates' playground, he's the one who's recognized as the Strongest Hunter."

Ukfa gulped as he looked at Klein. He couldn't help but smile and say, "I believe you have the ability to buy Death Knell."

"Death Knell?" Klein asked with piqued interest, but he didn't show it.

"That's the name of the revolver. It has accompanied me for a decade. Sigh, if it's not because it overlaps in functionality with one of my other mystical items, and isn't of much use for me at present, I wouldn't be willing to sell it," Ukfa replied with a sigh.

At that moment, Anderson tsked with laughter.

"That wasn't what you said before. You said you preferred farming tools."

A Planter... Klein made the corresponding judgment based on Anderson's words and Ukfa's expression.

Meanwhile, the corresponding potion names flashed through his mind: Sequence 9 Planter, Sequence 8 Doctor with the ancient name Healing Pastor, and Sequence 7 Harvest Priest.

It's no wonder Anderson introduced him as his former team's doctor... Klein thought for a moment and said, "Do you know Frank Lee?"

"Haha, no. Although I'm from Feynapotter, my formula and ingredients were obtained by myself, one at a time. I had nothing to do with the Church of Earth Mother. Therefore, I wouldn't dare to return to Feynapotter. However, I've heard of Frank Lee. He's someone who gives the Church quite a headache," Ukfa replied frankly. "He's only a Sequence 6 Biologist, but he's given such importance by the Church. I really do wish to meet him if there's a chance."

No you won't, you will regret having that thought... Klein could tell from Ukfa's answer that he believed in Earth Mother and was likely a powerful Sequence 5 Beyonder.

By his side, Anderson's face twitched when he heard Ukfa. He said with lingering fear, "That guy does give one a headache. In a certain sense, you can call him a devil. His powers and thoughts have exceeded the level of a Sequence 6... Alright, let's not talk about him. Whenever his name pops up, I still remember the milk that was jettisoned."

Ukfa looked at the duo in puzzlement as he restrained his looks of curiosity. He walked to the table, opened a drawer, and pulled out a black iron revolver that looked a little longer than an ordinary revolver.

"This is Death Knell," Ukfa introduced it solemnly.

Chapter 708: Revolver Worth 9,000 Pounds

Death Knell? Striking the enemy's death knell with every shot? I like this name... Klein controlled his facial expressions as he went forward without any anticipation or excitement on his face. He reached out to receive the black iron revolver with a slightly long barrel.

He was originally very worried that Ukfa would raise the price if he showed any strong desires for it. This was common in any transaction, but on second thought, with Gehrman Sparrow's reputation, and with Anderson, the Strongest Hunter of the Fog Sea, as a witness, it was unlikely that Ukfa Connerchris would offend him despite possibly being a Sequence 5 Beyonder. After all, he had extensive ties to adventuring circles and had hoped to lead a quiet and settled life. He definitely had reservations that the crazy adventurer might sneak into the manor in the middle of the night despite not flaring up in front of him.

Therefore, his attempts to maintain his calm and composed attitude became one of simply maintaining his persona.

Realizing that Gehrman Sparrow was seriously inspecting and studying Death Knell, Ukfa gave a detailed introduction.

"Its powers are rather uniform: to reap the lives of others. There are three methods:

"First is Weakness Attack. There's no need to meet any conditions. Just directly inject your spirituality and pull the trigger. It will allow you to discover the target's weaknesses from a mystical perspective. In other words, it would be the aspects where defenses are weaker, and it will provide you with the corresponding accuracy; thus resulting in extraordinarily terrifying damage.

"The second is Lethal Attack. You have to cock the hammer before shooting. Its distinguishing feature is that wherever you hit the target, it will be equivalent to an attack on their weak spot. And if you really do strike the true weak spot, it will be capable of dealing a lethal blow to an enemy without overly strong defenses. To targets who are good at defending, three shots would be able to resolve the matter. This includes a Guardian. Of course, that is under the premise that the three lethal blows aren't spread too far apart. It's best not to exceed five seconds.

"The third is Slaughter. On the foundation of a Weakness Attack, providing more than twice the spirituality on top of that will imbue ordinary bullets with grapeshot effects. Simultaneously, when aimed at a group of enemies, it will result in area-of-effect damage. To increase the damage, it will need to meet the conditions for Lethal Attack, as well as provide more than thrice the spirituality. This drain will be quite a burden on the user.

"It can also be combined with bullets with different characteristics, allowing you to target different kinds of enemies."

This sounds like it corresponds to a Sequence 5 Reaper of the Hunter pathway... Klein glanced at Anderson and asked, seemingly in thought, "If the target's physical condition reaches that of a Sequence 4 dragon, how many strikes of Lethal Attack will kill it?"

Ukfa was taken aback as he shook his head in a daze.

"I've never met a dragon before."

Much less a dragon whose physical condition has reached that of a demigod!

Does Gehrman Sparrow plan on using this gun to slay dragons? And a demigod dragon at that? Isn't that way too crazy? Ukfa suddenly felt that the adventurers these days were completely different from the ones he met back when he was active. He didn't even consider the possibility of death.

Anderson coughed before clearing his throat.

"That will depend on your luck. For real, trust me, luck is extremely important!

"If you encounter a dragon that has been beaten to a state close to death, then one shot would be sufficient. Otherwise, I suggest you run. Yes, it's more important to stay alive.

"Of course, if the demigod dragon doesn't defend and stands still and lets you hit it, five shots of Lethal Attacks should be enough to kill it."

Ukfa looked at Anderson before looking at Gehrman Sparrow. He decided not to pursue the topic as he changed topics.

"Anderson has told you about the negative effects of Death Knell, right? You will receive a weakness that originally didn't exist, or it will enhance an already existing weakness, making it become more extreme. This effect will be maintained for six hours. There was once a time when I became extremely afraid of cats. Once, I had just hunted a famous pirate, but I ended up going limp in the legs in front of a newborn kitten. I knelt before it, wailing and crying for it to spare me.

"If you carry it around, the drawbacks aren't severe. It will only make you easily thirsty. Just drinking more water and heading to the washroom more often would solve the problem."

Why does it feel like the negative effects of an additional weakness will bring me more trouble... However, it is something acceptable... Klein deliberated and said, "Name your price."

"9,000 pounds. Anderson should've mentioned it. That's my bottom line." Ukfa looked at Death Knell in Gehrman Sparrow's hands and said, "This is already cheap enough. If I weren't worried that getting to know more Beyonders would affect my present life, I would've actively promoted it. I'm sure I can sell it for 12,000 pounds."

Indeed, a mystical item at this level can be sold for sky-high prices if the negative effects aren't too serious when meeting a suitable buyer... Normally speaking, 10,000 to 12,000 pounds is a reasonable price... Although Klein had the intention of bargaining, the price was already low enough that he felt embarrassed to try and take advantage of him. With a terse acknowledgment, he said, "I'll give it a run. I'll complete the deal if there aren't any problems."

Of course, he didn't really try the gun, as it would give him a weakness for nothing. His method for inspection was to use his Spirituality to probe the gun, along with testing for the credibility of Ukfa's words via divination. He did it rather openly, without minding Ukfa's and Anderson's gazes.

I'll make confirmation later above the gray fog... However, Ukfa likely doesn't dare to lie to me. He's definitely afraid of a crazy adventurer seeking revenge on him. After all, he has already obtained a settled and quiet life. He has a wife and children... Klein placed Death Knell on the table, lifted his suitcase, and took out 9,000 pounds from it. The money had been removed from above the gray fog to "air" it ahead of time.

After Ukfa received the money, he did a quick count and confirmed the authenticity of the money.

"As expected of a recently famous adventurer. Few people can produce 9,000 pounds in cash at once. Even a tycoon doesn't have that much liquidity," he said ruefully as he put away the stacks of cash.

I even spent 5,000 pounds to buy a key not long ago... Klein felt his heart suddenly turn empty as he saw the 9,000 pounds enter Ukfa's drawer.

I've been out at sea for so long, saving up so much money, but in just moments, it's all gone... Now, I'm left with 2,683 pounds and 6 gold coins. I can't even afford a relatively decent manor... Klein sighed as he took out the ordinary revolver from his underarm holster, removed the bullets inside, and stuffed them into Death Knell.

After Anderson watched the entire transaction, he said with a tsk, "Ukfa, you've changed. In the past, you would've checked the authenticity of each note. If you find it troublesome, I can help you!"

"It's totally fine, but I'm worried that Gehrman will shoot you." Ukfa clearly knew the Strongest Hunter's talent at provocation.

He could imagine the scene of Anderson posing in a way that was begging to be beaten--counting each and every note while verifying them against the light in slow motion.

Well said! Klein silently praised him. He then stuffed the iron black, long-barreled revolver into his underarm holster.

The original revolver was thrown inside the suitcase.

"Thanks to you, I no longer have to fret over this matter," Ukfa said with a smile as he pointed at the door. "I'll get my valet to send you out."

Anderson opened his mouth as he chuckled.

"Ukfa, aren't you going to keep us here for dinner?"

"When you're married with kids, I'll treat you to the best food at the best restaurant," Ukfa said with a smile, completely unfazed by his accusation.

Outside the manor, Anderson looked up with narrowed eyes. At the sight of the setting sun, he chuckled.

"Back when I knew Ukfa, he was a doctor who was good at planting all kinds of strange plants on the ship to improve everyone's lives. I thought he would die early on during our adventures, but to my surprise, he was always lucky. He even became a Druid later."

Why are your wistful words also so deserving of a beating... Klein deliberately said, "He does have good luck.

"As your companion, luck is needed to survive."

Anderson turned his head in surprise as he scrutinized Gehrman Sparrow.

"You know how to mock others? Or have you been infected by me?"

He wasn't too affected by it as he straightened his clothes, took off his hat, and said with a smile, "Alright, you've gotten the mystical item you need. If there's nothing else, it's time I embark on my own journey."

"Don't forget that demigod's mission." Klein succeeded in using a single sentence to crumple Anderson's expression.

"I already have an urge that compels me to finish that matter as soon as possible. Alright, there's no need for goodbyes. Perhaps we might really meet again one day." Anderson gave a self-deprecating laugh, waved the hat in his hand, and turned to head towards another path leading to Bayam.

As he watched the Strongest Hunter depart, Klein slowly heaved a sigh. Holding his suitcase, he followed the path he took to get here and headed for Bayam beneath the red evening sky and the shelter of the distinctive palm trees.

Inside Bayam City.

After finding an ordinary inn to stay in, Klein began considering his subsequent plans.

I'm finally free. I can attempt to act as a Marionettist. I have to figure out the corresponding principles. That's the most pressing issue for now.

Yes, Marionettist. The focus should be on the marionette. I haven't actually created a marionette and controlled it in battle. I should start from there.

This matter can be completed before returning to Backlund. Not only do Beyonders have to stay hidden there, making it difficult to encounter one, but no matter what one does, it's easy to get on the bad side of the Church or some important figure. I need to be careful. It's not a good place to select and create marionettes. The sea is better. I'll go make my rounds at the bar later. I'll find a pirate who deserves death to give it a try.

With this in mind, Klein immediately got up and left his room. As though he was bringing his bank certificate to a bank to withdraw the money, he headed for the nearby Seaweed Bar. Famous pirates often showed up there.

Soon, he arrived at the bar's entrance. After straightening his clothes, he pushed open the heavy wooden door.

Gazes subconsciously swept past his face before they moved away as though it wasn't anything extraordinary. Following that, someone shouted with a suppressed voice, "Gehrman Sparrow!"

In a blink of an eye, several figures in the bar ran for the back door. Before Klein could figure out what was happening, the bar was left nearly deserted.

Chapter 709: Elland's Warning

As Klein looked at the bar, which was so silent that he could hear breathing, he was taken aback. Only then did he step in and walk straight to the bar counter as though nothing had happened.

I should change my appearance the next time I come... he thought in frustration, just short of facepalming.

Ukfa's lack of awareness that Gehrman Sparrow had successfully hunted Slaughterer Kircheis had made Klein believe that the latest news hadn't reached the City of Generosity, and he boldly came to the Seaweed Bar. To his surprise, the problem lay in Ukfa who had kept a distance from the adventurer circles. He was a little behind on the news, and the crazy adventurer's infamy had already spread amongst the pirates around the Rorsted Archipelago.

Sighing silently, Klein sat in front of the bar counter and rapped the wooden counter.

"One glass of Southville beer."

"Six pence." The bartender swallowed with great difficulty.

Klein took out a few copper pence and placed them in front of him. Without a change in expression, he asked, "Any developments recently?"

The bartender took the money and carefully delivered the beer to Gehrman Sparrow. Then, he forced a smile and said, "Admiral Amyrius Rieveldt has been transferred back to Backlund. Admiral Robert Davis has replaced him, becoming the highest-ranking naval commander of the surrounding waters for the kingdom. The archipelago's situation is a little tense, and many pirate crews have sent people to gather intelligence."

Admiral Amyrius was ultimately implicated by his brother and lost his post... However, as long as he wasn't directly involved, it can't get worse for him when considering his status as a demigod. At the very least, he can maintain the treatment he receives as an admiral. Nothing will happen to his family either. Once the matter blows over, he might still have a chance of being a highranking member of the navy... Klein gulped down the beer and asked in passing, "Which family is Robert Davis from?"

"No, he's not a noble. He's one of the rare officers who slowly rose through the ranks to become an admiral. In the Berserk Sea, Sonia Island, and East Balam, he has rendered plenty of meritorious services." The bartender recalled the commendations the papers recently had for Admiral Robert Davis. After a pause, he said, "However, I heard that he has received the sponsorship of many nobles."

Yes, with the Imperial Navy, admirals who are from the royal family or aristocrats, or have close ties with them take up at least 80%. The remaining 20% are mainly rear admirals and vice admirals... Klein had long learned of the situation from the documents he received from Amyrius Rieveldt.

Compared to this, the army was a lot better.

Gehrman Sparrow didn't continue asking as he seemed to focus on his drinking. The bartender then added, "In the past two to three months, the Resistance has been very active. They've been constantly attempting to destroy railways or set up blockades on public roads. They've given the governor-general's office quite a headache, forcing it to dispatch large numbers of soldiers to maintain a smooth flow of traffic. However, the Resistance army seldom clashes with them head-on.

I'm aware of that. It's all going according to my plans... In a place where the natives and mixed-bloods take up 80%, it's not difficult for the Resistance to gather accurate intelligence. Coupled with external sponsors, it wouldn't be hard for them to live on for short periods of time. The reason why they were in a dire situation in the past was all because Kalvetua was an irrational sea serpent. It often got them to attack key nodes in a city, fighting head-on with the Loen Kingdom's navy and army... Klein mumbled to himself in delight as he drank another mouthful of beer.

He had also warned the Resistance to not be overly active. If they forced the governor-general's office into a corner, the Loen Kingdom might send Sequence 5 Beyonders or even demigods who were good at pursuit and tracking. With the Resistance's strength, there was no way they could put up a fight. In the name of Sea God, Klein's instructions were to maintain while slightly improving their present situation and await for the global situation to change.

This wasn't too far off. According to the various matters Miss Justice had reported, and with The Hanged Man giving insight that affirmed this, it was certain that once the Loen Kingdom was done with its internal reforms and made both its existing and newly commissioned ironclad warships its main force in combat, a war against the Southern Continent's colonies was inevitable.

He silently drank his beer until the bartender was done. He then put on his hat, got up, and left the bar, heading straight for his inn.

Along the way, he saw bronze-skinned children with curly hair and natives with brown jackets and pantaloons. These people either made way in horror without even looking up, or they were hunched in a corner, looking at Klein with complicated expressions in their eyes.

Klein helplessly curved the ends of his lips as he silently returned to his room.

He didn't immediately change his appearance and head to the various bars to seek out pirates. This was because he was certain that they would hide the entire night and not appear again.

Just as Klein was planning to enter Groselle's Travels to explore it, there was a knock on his door.

Without needing to ask, all he did was grip the knob when the visitor's appearance naturally surfaced in his mind.

It was a middle-aged man dressed in a dark red coat and white slacks. He wore a ship-shaped hat. The corners of his eyes and mouth, as well as his forehead, had clear wrinkles. He was none other than the captain of the White Agate, military personnel, Just Elland.

Impressive. News of me appearing in Bayam just spread, and he managed to find where I'm staying... Of course, it's because I didn't attempt to hide myself. I directly used my identification documents to check in... Klein turned the knob and pulled open the door. He politely greeted him, "Good evening."

"Good evening. I'm very glad to see you back in Bayam." Elland took off his hat and entered the room without any reservations.

"Is there something?" Klein pulled a chair over and sat down.

Elland sat opposite him and chuckled.

"Isn't visiting a friend the most important matter?"

You're such a smooth talker. Too bad Anderson is gone, or he can learn from you! Klein felt triggered for some reason.

He maintained his usual state and looked into Elland's eyes.

"Alright, you've made your visit."

Elland seemed to have expected such a response. He smiled and said, "Do you still remember Donna?"

Of course, she and her brother are adorable. I wonder if they've recovered from the fright I gave them the last time and have given up any curiosity towards the mysterious world... Klein calmly replied, "I haven't lost my memory."

"Forgetting unimportant matters is good for one's mental health. Heh heh, this wasn't said by Emperor Roselle." Elland simply explained, "Didn't you tell Donna's father that he should post an advertisement in the Sonia Morning Post for three days in a row, asking to buy Damir's special cured meat if he needs your help? He did so recently, but unfortunately, you weren't in Bayam or the nearby seas."

"What happened after that?" Klein's instincts told him that Donna and her family weren't in serious trouble based on Elland's relaxed attitude.

Elland chuckled and said, "I heard your conversation back then, and after discovering the advertisement, I visited them using the address. As you know, Donna is a lovely lady. She reminds me of my daughter.

"The matter isn't too complicated. Urdi, who's Donna's father, had a bunch of valuable goods plundered by the Crazy Captain. This plunged him into a terrible economic situation. Although it isn't as bad as going bankrupt, life for him has definitely turned for the worse. That's why he wishes to commission you to recover the goods back.

"I knew you weren't in Bayam back then, so I had to go through my own channels to help Urdi recoup the goods at a reasonable price."

"Crazy Captain?" Klein first found the title familiar before recalling where he had heard it before.

According to red-haired Helene, Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy's delivery of slaves for the Demoness Sect was passed off to Crazy Captain Connors Viktor. The latter appeared to have close connections with many of the slave dealers and merchants in the Loen Kingdom.

And this was tied to the truth behind the human disappearances in the colonies, as well as the underlying reason of the Great Smog of Backlund!

I've always been trying to investigate this matter. Back when I attacked Tracy, that was half the reason, but unfortunately, I didn't succeed. Later, I was busy acting for the digesting of the potion and my search for mermaids, so I temporarily abandoned my investigations... Klein's thoughts raced as he asked without a perturbed look, "Where's Crazy Captain now?"

"Urdi has already gotten back his goods," Elland said, emphasizing that the matter had been settled.

Klein looked at him and repeated, "Where's Connors Viktor now?"

Elland shook his head in exasperation.

"I've no idea, but his subordinates are still in Bayam trying to gather intelligence. As you know, Admiral Amyrius has returned to Backlund, and he's been replaced by Admiral Davis. Many changes are in place, so the pirates need to have a new grasp of the latest situation.

"Therefore, I guess that Connors's ship is docked in the shadows of one of the nearby islands, but that's a guess with no way to confirm."

After listening in silence with his hands clasped, Klein said, "Thank you."

Elland exhaled and looked out the window as his expression rapidly turned solemn.

"I came here today to tell you that you're too eye-catching. The higher-ups are beginning to pay attention to you. A powerhouse that can easily kill Kircheis wouldn't be ignored!

"It's best you stop using this identity for checking in; otherwise, you might face some difficult problems."

Klein nodded seriously and said, "Alright."

He was very grateful for Captain Elland's warning, but he didn't show it on his face.

After Elland left, Klein immediately changed his appearance, switched inns, and confirmed that he wasn't tracked by the military.

After doing all of that, he began considering the search for Crazy Captain Connors Viktor.

To others, this was an extremely difficult task, but Klein had a trick up his sleeve.

It was to use the Sea God Scepter and communicate with nearby sea creatures!

As long as Connors Viktor was in the Rorsted Archipelago's waters, there was no way he could hide from Klein!

Of course, it was necessary that he had enough time to perform the search.

Chapter 710: Plan

Above the gray fog, Klein extended his hand and summoned the Sea God Scepter from the junk pile. He began browsing through the countless points of light swirling about the Sealed Artifact.

Every point of light corresponded to a believer's prayer. The lights swirled with ethereal holiness!

Soon, Klein did a preliminary screening as he focused on the waters instead of the archipelago. After he had isolated the Sea God Scepter above the gray fog, he was unable to directly use the "divine artifact" to sense the surrounding waters and do anything effective. He had to rely on the scenes of his believers' prayers as a foundation before reaching out five nautical miles to influence the corresponding undersea creatures.

Klein emanated his spirituality and touched one of the specks of light. He saw a native performing his daily prayers in the evening on a fishing boat before docking.

As Klein's thoughts changed, the viewpoint of the scene quickly rose as more dark clouds and undulating waves appeared in the scene.

There are signs of a storm brewing hours ahead? That's right. I did find the atmosphere oppressive when I was out... That's why Elland said that Crazy Captain Connors's ship is likely to be hiding in the shadows of some island. It was to avoid the storm... Klein tapped the edge of the mottled table as he muttered silently.

This deduction made his "search" much easier. This was because he didn't need to search the extensive waters; all he needed to do was focus on the different islands around those waters.

With a change in thought, a blue gem at the tip of the Sea God Scepter in Klein's hand lit up.

On the waters away from the fishing boat, the crimson moonlight shone down on the deep blue waves that were slowly rising. Suddenly, splashes silently surged upwards as an exaggerated eye looking up into the sky surfaced. Beneath the eye was a massive silhouette.

At the same time, all kinds of fish began surfacing nearby.

They took in the indistinct halo that came scattering down, and they circled around before swimming down and headed in different directions.

Ten seconds later, the waters within a five-nautical-mile radius returned to their previous state. The deep blue waves swelled high again, awaiting the final eruption.

Phew... This is a little draining... Klein raised his left hand to rub his temple.

He wasn't merely commandeering the sea creatures; he had also bestowed a trace of Beyonder spirituality upon them. It allowed them to transmit the scenes they saw by praying after they discovered any docked ships around the island.

This wasn't too difficult or complicated for the Sea God Scepter, but it was burdensome and draining for the controller, Klein.

Then, Klein selected a few praying believers situated on different islands around the archipelago. He then used the same method to command the sea creatures of the region.

After doing all of this, he didn't bother throwing the Sea God Scepter into the junk pile before returning to the real world. He took off his coat and collapsed into bed.

Having expended his spirituality to the limit, he believed that he would fall asleep immediately. Yet, his head began aching, preventing him from opening his eyes or falling asleep.

Klein could clearly feel that his skin seemed overly sensitive. Lumps grew over his skin, and hidden beneath them were countless meat tendrils.

Indeed, as Mr. Hanged Man said, if you drain your spirituality to zero for two consecutive days, you'll definitely start hearing things and show signs of losing control. My body became a little abnormal just from reaching my limits once despite not even maintaining it for too long. Of course, it's because I've only recently advanced, and I haven't digested much. Furthermore, there's the excess from the potions from the prior Sequences... Klein regained his train of thought as he attempted to Cogitate the stacked spherical lights so as to calm the fatigue of his body and mind.

Having gradually recovered, he finally fell asleep. By the time he woke up, it was in the middle of the night.

At that moment, the winds were howling outside. The rain was pouring as the storm had finally unleashed its might after a prolonged period of brewing.

And this wasn't a rare situation in Bayam. Apart from that, the night was relatively serene.

Klein went to the washroom to clear his bowels. Washing his hands and taking four steps counterclockwise, he once again appeared above the gray fog.

He picked up the Sea God Scepter at the end of the long bronze table and began browsing through the "scenes" from the sea creatures.

The scenes showed ships, all located at different ports, harbors, or the shadows of different islands.

Although Klein hadn't seen Crazy Captain Connors Viktor, he had previously learned of his traits and the various emblems of his pirate crew. Therefore, he wasn't afraid of failing to identify him.

Scenes flashed past as he patiently scrutinized the details of the ships.

About ten minutes later, unconcealed joy appeared in his eyes. He zoomed in on a scene as he pulled the orientation of the scene closer.

He had found the suspected ship!

The ship was docked at the back of Symeem Island, an island furthest from the Rorsted Archipelago. Behind it was a towering cliff with churning waves below it.

Its sails and flag had been reefed up, but there was a white skull emblem wearing an eyepatch on both sides of the ship.

This was none other than the emblem of the Crazy Captain's pirate crew!

Klein removed the spirit pendulum from his left wrist and confirmed it through divination.

The answer made him rejoice, as it was indeed Connors Viktor's ship!

And Crazy Captain only had one ship!

It's no wonder that despite most adventurers at sea knowing that Crazy Captain is in contact with the kingdom's human traffickers and slave merchants, the Church of Storms's investigations of the colony disappearances didn't point to him. He only has a bounty of 3,300 pounds. The pirate crew only has one ship, so it just looks like it's a small business. It's impossible for him to do large-scale human trafficking... What should I do next? Klein first sighed silently before considering his angle of investigation.

His first reaction was to summon a massive undersea creature, hitch a ride on a whale-like creature, and head straight for Symeem Island while the storm continued. Then, he could infiltrate and use his powers as a Marionettist to control Crazy Captain Connors Viktor without causing too much of a stir. But on careful thought, he felt that it was a rash decision.

It wasn't a problem dealing with other pirates who weren't at the pirate admiral level, but since Crazy Captain Connors Viktor was involved with a terrifying matter like the Great Smog of Backlund, he had to consider that Connors's normal actions were just a disguise. In consideration of how he might have another identity, with the ship concealing some secrets, there was a high chance that there was a trap that could deal with pirate admirals. Klein might not walk out alive despite being armed to the teeth if he made such a rash infiltration attempt.

Should I summon myself and head over with the Sea God Scepter as a Spirit Body? This can avoid some accidents, as I can immediately end the summoning if anything goes wrong. However, the Sea God Scepter is essentially the Beyonder characteristic of a High-Sequence Beyonder from the Storm pathway. As long as it appears in the real world, it might attract Sea King Jahn Kottman... This will prevent the situation from developing as I expect it to... Klein looked at the storm in the scene as he came up with a preliminary plan.

Before that, he conjured a pen and paper and wrote the divination statement: "Dealing with Connors Viktor is very dangerous."

Picking up the silver chain of the spirit pendulum, Klein reined in his thoughts and focused on the divination.

Soon, he opened his eyes to see the topaz pendant turning clockwise at a high frequency and a wide arc.

This meant that dealing with Connors Viktor was very dangerous!

It's as I expected. Thankfully, I didn't rashly rush over... Klein picked up the Sea God Scepter and decided to execute the plan he had just thought of.

It was to use the prayer scene and strike Connors Viktor's ship with the Sea God Scepter from afar by using the cover of the storm. He would startle the snake in the grass and force out its secret!

After grasping the relevant situation, he would end the attacks before Sea King Jahn Kottman sensed the abnormality or arrived at the scene.

Klein wouldn't feel disappointed if Connors Viktor unfortunately landed in the hands of the Sea King. This was because he would have to think of the means to pass the information to the three Churches after he figured out the truth of the Great Smog of Backlund.

If Crazy Captain successfully escaped, Klein would've uncovered his secrets by startling the snake in the grass. He could then subsequently formulate a plan of attack!

Phew... Klein slowly exhaled as he watched the ship bob about with the dark crashing waves before raising the Sea God Scepter high in the air.

At the tip of the scepter, the blue gems that circled around it had begun to emit a bright light.

Chapter 711: The Storm Attacks

Symeem Island. Beneath the towering cliff, the dark seawater churned violently under the waves surging in from all directions.

Aboard Crazy Captain Connors Viktor's ship, the Single-eyed Skull, several pirates donned cloaks and pulled up their hoods. Heavy rain pattered against them as they struggled against winds strong enough to lift a child, making their way out of the cabin to inspect the ship and prevent any accidents.

Their cloaks were made of linen, but the surfaces had been coated with a sticky liquid that had already hardened. The rain couldn't penetrate that layer and could only run down onto the deck.

The liquid was Donningsman tree sap, produced in the rainforests of the Southern Continent. It was naturally water-resistant and quite common. It had originally been rather cheap, but after a research team suggested last year that it might promote hair growth, its price had skyrocketed.

"Weather like this is perfect for staying inside the Red Theater, drinking liquor, smoking weed, and holding women in your arms!" A pirate looked over the side of the ship and grumbled.

His companion pulled at the hood of his cloak and echoed, "I heard a batch of newcomers arrived at the Red Theater. I really want to give them a try."

"How did you hear about that?" another pirate casually asked.

He was met with a chuckle.

"I heard it from the boss. It's not like you don't know what the Captain's 'business' is. That's why the boss knows plenty of human traffickers. Ha! They prefer to call themselves 'slave merchants.'"

"Speaking of that, I remember what happened that time." The first pirate wore a reminiscent expression. "Among the 'goods' sent over was a young noble lady who had run away from home. Her skin, figure, and looks, tsk--they were... they were... I don't even know how to describe them. I still remember her to this day. What a pity she committed suicide!"

As they spoke, their vision suddenly brightened, and they subconsciously looked up at the sky. Apart from the pattering rain, an abnormal bolt of silver lightning was snaking through the dark clouds that concealed the crimson moon and stars.

Suddenly, a gigantic bolt of lightning that illuminated the surrounding waters struck down, heading straight for the Single-eyed Skull!

Boom!

Lightning spread out wildly as the wooden ship burst into flames. Deafening thunder reverberated in the pirates' ears.

Immediately afterward, silver bolts of lightning struck down like brandished claws. The tiny sailboat was instantly plunged into a forest of lightning.

At that moment, the thick bolts that were about to interweave suddenly separated. Defying the laws of nature, they failed to strike the Single-eyed Skull. Instead, they hung close around the ship before striking the pitch-black water, illuminating the surrounding sea as sizzling arcs of electricity snaked outward in a spectacular display.

The pirates on deck still suffered from the initial strike. One had been charred black like an overburned piece of wood, while two others collapsed, their bodies convulsing.

There really is a problem!

Above the gray fog, Klein couldn't help but sigh when he saw his Lightning Storm being dispelled.

He was certain that this was a power at the level of a demigod!

If he had rashly infiltrated the Single-eyed Skull, even with Creeping Hunger, Death Knell, and Groselle's Travels, there was no way he could have put up any effective resistance against such bizarre powers. By then, he wouldn't even have had time to pray to himself and respond with the Sea God Scepter from above the gray fog!

Taking a deep breath, Klein made all the blue gems at the tip of the bone-white scepter light up.

Around the Single-eyed Skull, two kinds of sounds emerged amid the storm. One was piercingly shrill, as though it could puncture one's eardrums and penetrate one's brain. The other was deep and heavy, resembling the beating of a heart as it struck one's Spirit Body.

This left the pirates in extreme discomfort, and many felt the urge to vomit blood. However, this was only the beginning. The splashing of water intensified as a dark wave surged to a height of nearly ten meters, rising opposite the island's cliff!

The wave resembled a wall created by a deity, pushed toward the Single-eyed Skull by "His" invisible hand.

This was a tsunami created by Klein!

It could already be considered a calamity!

The roar of the wave sounded like a series of explosions. The pirates aboard the ship stared at the dark sky, the churning clouds, and the massive tsunami. It felt as though the apocalypse described in myths and legends had arrived. They lost all will to save themselves.

But as they waited in despair for the final judgment, a disturbance that defied logic and scientific law appeared in the middle of the tsunami. An indescribable vortex rapidly took shape and tore through the entire wave, causing the terrifying wall of water to swiftly collapse!

Amid a thunderous rumble, a secondary wave hurled the Single-eyed Skull high into the air as the previous gigantic wave dispersed, dumping part of its load onto the ship. One of the masts snapped, the ship was left in shambles, and even the deck was completely flooded.

Whoosh!

A fierce wind suddenly stirred and swept up the pirates. It transformed into a hurricane that exceeded its natural limits, pushing the airborne Single-eyed Skull farther out to sea.

The ship rode the squall and flew through the sky, covering several nautical miles without landing in the undulating waters. It was as though it had become an airship steadily proceeding forward.

Klein was astonished that the demigod or corresponding Sealed Artifact aboard the Single-eyed Skull had nullified the tsunami. He lamented his low Sequence, for even after stirring the powers of the mysterious space above the gray fog, he still couldn't create a tsunami as destructive as the one Kalvetua had produced. At the same time, he controlled the hurricane and ensured that the Single-eyed Skull didn't lose its support and plummet, afraid that it would leave his five-nautical-mile range of influence.

At that moment, his goal wasn't to destroy the Single-eyed Skull or capture Crazy Captain Connors Viktor, but to force the demigod or Sealed Artifact hidden aboard the ship to reveal itself.

A powerhouse or item of this level was rare in the world. As long as he saw its appearance, he would sooner or later learn who or what it was, as well as which organization it belonged to!

That would provide a direction for his subsequent investigation into the Great Smog of Backlund!

I hope it isn't from the Seer pathway. Otherwise, who knows whether the face I see will be the real one... However, that would also be a good thing. Since I'm investigating the truth behind the Great Smog, I'll uncover what Ince Zangwill is doing and prepare for my eventual revenge. I'll also be able to successfully find the Bizarro Sorcerer potion formula and main ingredients... As Klein sighed inwardly, he made a gem at the tip of the Sea God Scepter emit a pure azure light.

With a hum, the Single-eyed Skull's flight suddenly changed. It plummeted like a stone without even managing to glide!

Then, it abruptly became extremely light and landed on the surface of the sea like a feather brushing against a person's face.

At that moment, Klein, who had expended a great deal of spirituality, was about to muster his remaining strength to create another tsunami when he heard an explosive boom from within the scene.

It was a terrifying sonic boom!

Furthermore, it differed from an ordinary sonic boom, as though the howling of the wind had been mixed into it.

It came from Sea King Jahn Kottman! Although he was still some distance away, he held dominion over these waters, allowing him to exert his influence across space while rushing over!

This was a Sequence 3 Saint, an existence close to the level of an angel!

The terrifying sonic boom sent the Single-eyed Skull flying. There had been no hesitation over whether it would harm anyone. After all, there was nothing wrong with striking down pirates!

At the same time, Klein sensed a terrifyingly powerful consciousness sweep across the area, searching for anything abnormal. It affected the scene before his eyes, causing everything to turn indistinct.

After withstanding another blast, Klein calmly and rationally ended the response. He closed the corresponding prayer scene and tossed the Sea God Scepter into the junk pile.

The difference isn't trivial. If Sea King hadn't appeared, I wouldn't have been confident in forcing out that demigod. My Sequence is still too low, making the scepter overly burdensome and troublesome to use... However, the Storm pathway really is powerful at sea. They're practically mobile calamities.

The powers displayed by that demigod contained the key elements of distortion, disorder, magnification, and the violation of normalcy. They appear to be demigod-level powers from the Black Emperor pathway. Others might not recognize them, but I possess the corresponding Card of Blasphemy! It definitely isn't merely the power of a Sequence 5 Mentor of Disorder... An Earl of the Fallen? Hmm, the military possesses part of the Black Emperor pathway's potion formulas, but they seem limited to the first five Sequences. They lack Sequence 4 and above...

Although Klein had failed to force the demigod or corresponding Sealed Artifact to reveal itself, its reactions had provided him with several clues. He suspected that a particular faction within the royal family wasn't only cooperating with the Demoness Sect and Ince Zangwill, but was also secretly in cahoots with a faction that controlled most of the Black Emperor pathway's Sequences.

The descendants of Solomon or Trunsoest? Is the King of the Five Seas, Nast, involved in this? Klein was deep in thought when he heard overlapping prayers by his ear.

His train of thought was interrupted. He instinctively extended his spirituality and touched the rippling light beside his chair.

Then, he saw Danitz.

The well-known pirate had his eyes closed as he piously prayed to The Fool.

...

Klein blankly took out his pocket watch and checked the time several times, confirming that it was nearly three in the morning.

Is he insane? Why is he praying in the middle of the night? Does he not want me to sleep? Klein watched carefully in exasperated amusement and discovered that Danitz appeared tipsy. Faint singing could even be heard outside.

The crew of the Golden Dream is having another bonfire party? Are they celebrating Gehrman Sparrow's departure? To think they celebrated all the way into the middle of the night! Klein instantly understood why Danitz was praying at that moment.

He took a deep breath and projected his will into the halo, saying in a deep voice, "Those who say my name are on my mind."

Sea King Jahn Kottman arrived at Symeem Island and began searching for the source of the abnormal tsunami, as well as the ship belonging to an unknown pirate crew.

He was certain that there had been a demigod aboard that ship!

The tall, brawny cardinal of the Church of Storms, whose thick hair was dark blue, was also a high-ranking deacon of the Mandated Punishers. He clenched his fists, and the dark clouds in the sky split open, allowing crimson sunlight to spill across the sea.

After identifying the positions of the stars, Jahn Kottman flew in a particular direction.

Suddenly, he slowed down because he saw a pirate ship flying a flag emblazoned with the Single-eyed Skull.

There was no one manning the ship as it drifted with the wind. Scarlet flames burned everywhere, surrounded by charred corpses.

A middle-aged man was tied to the middle of one of the masts. He wore a triangular hat and a black eyepatch. His exposed eye was wide open and filled with horror. A wooden pole had impaled his chest, dyeing everything around it with blood.

His life and Spirit Body had completely dissipated.

Chapter 712: The Loyal Alger

Beyond the storm, crimson moonlight shone through the thin clouds above the Golden Dream and entered one of its dark, unlit rooms.

Danitz stood motionless beside his bed. It was as though he had encountered a Beyonder power resembling Medusa's petrifying gaze.

He couldn't help grinding his teeth as his feet trembled imperceptibly. His mind was filled with endless grayish-white fog and an indistinct figure standing high above everything, uttering the awe-inspiring words, "Those who say my name are on my mind."

Th-there really was a response... There really was a response! Danitz's lips quivered as he muttered inwardly. He felt his calves go weak.

This was the first time he had ever received a response to a prayer!

He had been frightened out of his wits!

He had long known that The Fool was an unknown existence worshiped by the secret organization backing Gehrman Sparrow, and that he had already established a connection with "Him" by chanting "His" honorific name. If he acted disloyally or betrayed "Him," he might immediately die an inexplicable death. However, this understanding came only from the knowledge Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina had taught him. He had never encountered a similar situation before, nor had he ever imagined that an unknown existence would respond to him.

When the fog, figure, and voice suddenly appeared before his eyes and ears, he learned for the first time that mighty existences would directly respond to their believers!

Yes, deep down, Danitz had unknowingly changed his description of "Him" from an unknown existence to a mighty existence.

As soon as he recovered from his shock, he hurriedly took several deep breaths and attempted to pace around to relieve the lingering terror in his heart. However, just as he took a step with his right foot, he discovered that his legs had gone limp. All he could do was collapse onto his bed before barely managing to turn around and sit up.

"It really is a mighty existence. It's real..." Danitz muttered softly as he clearly realized that he had become involved in something serious.

Back in the book world, he had merely chanted the honorific name without noticing anything abnormal, so all he had felt was fear born from knowing the possible consequences. Now, he was facing a hidden danger that had finally revealed its outline, as well as a future he couldn't see clearly. How could he not plunge into an inescapable abyss of extreme fear?

After an unknown period, Danitz exhaled and consoled himself.

It might not be a bad thing. At the very least, Gehrman Sparrow is still alive, and he's living quite well!

With that thought, he forced a smile.

I'm a member of a secret organization, and in the future, I'll be someone blessed by a mighty existence...

As his thoughts raced, Danitz decided to pray every morning after waking. He believed that no existence would dislike a pious believer.

Of course, he would keep the revelation in mind and often pray silently.

The next morning, Klein woke at his usual time despite having exhausted himself the previous night.

He slowly got out of bed and saw that the sky was blue while the ground outside was wet. The entire world appeared to have been washed clean by water, making it exceptionally fresh. However, the scattered leaves, broken branches, and all kinds of trash indicated that the night had been anything but peaceful.

After washing up, Klein put on an ordinary Loenese face and ordered a cup of Gurney Sap, a drink native to Symeem Island, and a rather substantial Teativa for breakfast to make up for his expenditure the previous night.

As he drank the beverage resembling lemonade mixed with sugar and milk, he ate the fresh, fragrant dish that combined mutton and fish with the sweet and slightly sour flavor of fruit. In high spirits, Klein picked up the newspapers provided by the inn and began reading, starting with the Sonia Morning Post and News Report.

Near the end of breakfast, he opened Strange Cases, a newspaper rather popular among adventurers, and saw a striking headline:

"Bloody Infighting Amid Storm:

"According to sources, intense infighting occurred aboard Crazy Captain Connors Viktor's Single-eyed Skull. The pirates executed Crazy Captain and killed one another. Reports indicate that there were no survivors.

"All this violence was concealed by last night's terrifying storm. No one knew of the conflict until the Single-eyed Skull was found drifting near Symeem Harbor."

The article included a blurry photograph that appeared to have been secretly taken from the harbor.

The Single-eyed Skull's distinctive features stood out in the photograph. It was badly damaged, with many areas charred black. Only one mast remained intact, while a figure wearing a triangular hat had been pinned to the middle mast.

It's Connors Viktor... He died just like that? Klein's pupils contracted as he contemplated the matter seriously. It can almost be confirmed that there was a demigod aboard the ship last night... When he realized that Crazy Captain had been targeted, or when Sea King began pursuing him, he could only look after himself. Unable to take Connors with him, he decisively silenced him and destroyed all the evidence?

Klein, who had planned to continue pursuing Crazy Captain, felt dejected. He realized that although the trail of clues hadn't been completely severed, very little remained.

The only thing he knew at present was that the demigod most likely belonged to the Black Emperor pathway!

Judging by the intensity of last night's storm, the Single-eyed Skull was likely sent to the harbor by Sea King Jahn Kottman for a follow-up investigation. I wonder if they will discover anything else... Yes, I can have Mr. Hanged Man keep an eye on the matter within the Church of Storms... There's no need to inform him now, since the Tarot Gathering is this afternoon. The World can directly commission him then... Klein quickly made up his mind and drained the rest of his Gurney Sap.

He then returned to his room and planned to retrieve the radio transceiver he had stored above the gray fog for an extended period to contact Arrodes. He wanted to see if it had any other clues regarding the Bizarro Sorcerer potion formula.

Having left the waters east of Oravi, where an Aurora Order demigod had previously targeted him, Klein now dared to use items tainted with the gray fog's aura. However, he knew very well that he couldn't do so frequently or for too long each time. Otherwise, there was a possibility that the True Creator would detect it.

Because of this, as well as his wariness of Arrodes, he planned to do whatever he could himself and seek advice from others whenever possible. He would only play the question-and-answer game when he had no other options.

Aboard the Blue Avenger, which was docked at the Resistance's private harbor.

Alger planned to make one final resupply before returning to Pasu Island.

After instructing his crew on which items to purchase, he changed into local clothing and headed straight for Bayam. After circling around several times, he arrived at the Cathedral of Waves, planning to report recent developments to the diocesan bishop, Chogo.

Although he was returning to Pasu Island to report his work to the Church's upper echelons, he knew very well who his immediate superior was. He needed to behave appropriately and avoid making his superior believe that he was bypassing the chain of command to establish direct connections with the upper echelons.

Chogo remained hale and hearty. Pleased with Alger's proactive report, he said in a brisk tone after listening, "There's no need to worry. It's merely a routine report. I've already informed His Eminence Kottman that you are devoted to the Lord and loyal to the Church. You are one of our most trusted captains, and His Eminence Kottman will inform the Council of Cardinals of this."

He paused, but without giving Alger time to speak, he continued, "In addition, there's another mission. Investigate those closely connected to Crazy Captain Connors Viktor.

"This mission was issued directly by His Eminence Kottman. You must take it seriously."

Investigate people connected to Crazy Captain? Alger was puzzled, but he didn't question the order. Instead, he struck his right fist against his left breast and said, "Yes, Your Excellency."

The grizzled Chogo nodded. After thinking for two seconds, he asked, "Do you know Gehrman Sparrow?"

The question came like a bolt from the blue. Alger's pupils contracted, and he nearly lost control on the spot. Fortunately, his mental fortitude allowed him to barely maintain his composure.

"I've heard of him. He's become very famous recently. Not only did he hunt Wormtongue Mithor and seriously injure Tracy, but he also boarded Cattleya's Future." Alger spoke in a flat tone to conceal the turmoil in his heart.

Chogo gave a terse acknowledgment.

"You were at sea, so you're a little behind on the news.

"Gehrman Sparrow killed Kircheis in Toscarter last week and collected his bounty. Heh heh, that pirate really was a Devil, a Sequence 5 Devil."

"Kircheis? Agalito's second mate?" Alger asked with genuine emotion.

He knew that Kircheis was suspected of being a Sequence 5, but he hadn't known that he belonged to the Devil pathway. And the fact that he was both a Sequence 5 and a Devil implied many things. It meant he was extremely difficult to kill, which in turn meant that Gehrman Sparrow had very likely killed Kircheis during a chance encounter!

This meant that Gehrman Sparrow was already at the pinnacle of Sequence 5!

If it weren't for the fact that he's seeking to purchase a Sequence 4 potion formula, I might even suspect that he has become a demigod... Alger thought, feeling perturbed.

He was alarmed to realize that in a single week, The World had obtained the Sequence 5 Ocean Songster potion formula and its main ingredient, killed a Sequence 5 Devil, and quite possibly acquired a Sequence 6 Notary potion formula as well!

How did he do it? Alger realized that he was beginning to feel a little afraid of The World.

Of course, it wasn't something he found impossible to accept. This was because he knew that The World was Mr. Fool's Blessed, and Mr. Fool clearly had more than one Blessed. If one was responsible for the Notary potion formula while another handled the Ocean Songster matter, then it was possible that Gehrman Sparrow had only killed Kircheis.

Although that was similarly alarming, it no longer seemed like an invented tale.

Chogo nodded solemnly.

"Yes. Agalito's lack of a reaction implies something.

"Focus on gathering information about Gehrman Sparrow."

"All right, Your Excellency." Alger bowed reverently, having already decided to be as perfunctory as possible with this mission.

Inside the inn, Klein placed the radio transceiver on the table.

Before long, a rapid series of clacking sounds rang out.

Chapter 713: Three Questions

Amid the clacking sounds, the radio transceiver spewed out another sheet of illusory paper. Written on it in Loenese were the words: "Great Master, your loyal and humble servant, Arrodes, has finally caught up with you!"

...There's no need to be so excited... Oh, Arrodes speaks as professionally as ever. It didn't complain bitterly about being unable to contact me for so long, nor did it ask why I hadn't sought it out. Instead, it blamed itself for failing to catch up with me... It's making me feel a little guilty. Still, I need to remain wary... Klein was momentarily at a loss as to how to answer.

Without waiting, Arrodes used the radio transceiver to produce an emoticon of someone cautiously peeking out on the illusory paper.

"Great Master, ruler above the spirit world, your servant senses that you have taken another step toward returning to your holy throne. Am I right?"

This fellow has evolved really quickly. It can already use colored text to create a rudimentary emoticon... From Arrodes's perspective, I'm a true god gradually rediscovering myself? Is that why, even though it can clearly sense that I'm only a Sequence 5, it still treats me with such respect and acts even more humbly? Klein understood that the mirror had deliberately asked him a question, so he nodded frankly.

"Yes."

"You have already answered my question. In exchange, and in accordance with the rule I must abide by, you may ask me one question." Arrodes rapidly "typed" its response before adding a "smiley face."

Without hesitation, Klein asked directly, "Where can the Bizarro Sorcerer potion formula be found?"

The illusory paper spat out a long string of complicated symbols before turning into a mirror that displayed a lifelike scene.

It was a dark cathedral devoid of natural light. Inside were a number of squirming shapes, all of them terribly blurry. They looked like a pencil drawing that had been rubbed with an eraser, making it impossible to discern any precise details.

However, Arrodes added a block of text beneath the scene.

"This is Zaratul. While advancing to Sequence 1, Attendant of Mysteries, 'He' lost control and became a monster. However, Great Master, you must be careful. 'He' is a very crafty person. Perhaps everything about 'Him' is merely an act serving some purpose.

"I'm unable to look directly at 'Him,' as doing so would harm me. Apart from 'Him,' you will be unable to obtain the potion formula from any demigod of the Secret Order. Back then, Zaratul directly provided them with the High-Sequence potions, and there is almost no way to reverse-divine the formula through Beyonder means."

What a detailed answer. It even provided the additional information that Sequence 1 of the Seer pathway is Attendant of Mysteries... Does that mean an angel who attends upon Mysteries? From the looks of it, the Secret Order route will only work if I face Zaratul directly and obtain the potion formula from "Him." And I'm not even capable of looking directly at "Him"... No wonder the Snake of Fate, Will Auceptin, told me to seek out the mad Zaratul without mentioning the Secret Order... Klein was moved by Arrodes's attitude. If he didn't believe that his level and strength were insufficient to control this Sealed Artifact, he might truly have considered treating it as his servant.

Amid the clear clacking sounds, another section of illusory paper appeared, presenting a different scene.

It showed a towering mountain peak crowned by a swath of dilapidated palaces. Within them stood a gigantic stone chair.

Klein was very familiar with this scene. Even without Arrodes's annotation, he knew what it represented.

The Antigonus family's treasure hidden on the main peak of the Hornacis mountain range!

White paper continued to spill out as a new scene appeared. Like a movie, its perspective shifted.

The first image to enter Klein's eyes was a lofty Gothic bell tower surrounded by beautiful palaces.

The former was the Bell of Order, and the latter was Sodela Palace. They were landmark buildings in Backlund.

The scene changed, and soon a new building appeared on the paper. It was a pitch-black cathedral with two symmetrical bell towers.

The view of the cathedral's interior expanded until the whole nave was visible, then settled on a pair of iron-black doors that swung open.

The doors were abnormally heavy. Seven Dark Sacred Emblems adorned them, as though standing guard over the Tenebrous Heaven.

Chanis Gate... Saint Samuel Cathedral... Klein recognized the familiar style of the doors. From the architecture, he confirmed that the cathedral was the headquarters of the Church of the Evernight Goddess's Backlund diocese--Saint Samuel Cathedral!

More white paper emerged, and the scene changed as it plunged deep into the darkness. An ancient notebook rested upon an empty bookshelf made of bone. It was a black, hardbound book.

Klein recognized the notebook at once.

It was the Antigonus family's notebook that had caused the original Klein's death!

After going in circles, everything had come full circle!

Klein silently observed it for a moment. Only after the scenes disappeared did he regain control of his thoughts.

Yes, back then, the Aurora Order members were able to see the Clown potion formula in the notebook. Since it has acknowledged me, the contents it reveals to me will definitely be completely different from what I saw when I leafed through it before. It should contain the Bizarro Sorcerer potion formula. All I would lack are the ingredients or characteristics.

So this notebook has been sealed behind Saint Samuel Cathedral's Chanis Gate all this time. Taking it from there won't be any easier than finding Zaratul and facing "Him" directly... High-Sequence Beyonders were involved in the Great Smog of Backlund. After I reported the matter to the Church's Backlund diocese through Miss Justice, the situation was quickly brought under control. This is sufficient proof that the Backlund diocese possesses considerable power. They certainly don't lack demigods or Sealed Artifacts... Yes, no matter what, I first need to return to Backlund and see whether any opportunities arise. By comparison, I'd rather not head to the Hornacis mountain range...

Reining in his thoughts, Klein looked at the radio transceiver, which had turned dark and solemn.

"Who was the demigod aboard Crazy Captain Connors Viktor's ship last night?"

Clacking sounds promptly rang out. The previous illusory paper vanished, and new sheets were spat out.

The content on the paper was likewise a lifelike scene.

Five candles of varying heights cast warm light from an exquisite brass chandelier. A middle-aged man wearing a triangular hat and a black eye patch stood before a cabinet filled with wine, champagne, and tequila. He was gazing humbly at the person opposite him.

Across from him stood a tall figure in a black cloak, its face completely concealed beneath its hood.

The figure didn't seem to have a real head. There was only a mass of severely distorted darkness embedded above its neck.

Thanks to the portraits on the bounty notices, Klein recognized the one-eyed man as Crazy Captain Connors. His disheveled, greasy hair hung down and happened to cover his neck.

The one opposite him is probably that demigod, but he deliberately disguised himself and made the appropriate anti-divination preparations. The fact that Arrodes can produce a scene of this quality is already impressive enough... Klein wasn't too disappointed. Instead, he carefully memorized the figure's build.

More than 1.85 meters tall, but less than 1.9... Rather long arms. When his hands hang at his sides, they almost reach his knees... Broad shoulders holding up the cloak... His feet point outward to a certain degree...

As an expert in disguise, Klein believed that when someone had disguised themselves and prepared a certain degree of anti-divination measures, there was a high chance they wouldn't think to conceal their build, especially if their physique had no particularly distinctive traits.

Therefore, this could provide a few clues. It might allow Klein to recognize the person on sight!

"Very good. It's your turn to ask." After committing those details to memory, Klein stopped scrutinizing the figure and waited with interest for Arrodes's question.

He was curious to see how Arrodes would continue to overturn his impression of it.

The typing slowed, as though it were hesitating. Bit by bit, the illusory white paper emerged.

"Great Master, c-can I say something to you?"

"Yes," Klein answered, puzzled. He began looking forward to what Arrodes had to say.

The typing hastened, exuding an obvious warmth.

A single line appeared on the illusory paper: "Great Master, happy birthday!

"This is belated. Your present body was born on March 4th, 1327. I originally wanted to wish you a happy birthday at midnight that day, but I failed to catch up with you."

...This really is a topic beyond my expectations... I even forgot my own birthday... The corners of Klein's lips twitched as he found himself at a loss for words.

He had inherited the original Klein's fragmented memories and some of his emotions. He knew the date of his birthday, but why would someone who led such a solitary life remember something like that?

This fellow is actually the first person to wish me a happy birthday... Benson and Melissa must be feeling especially upset today... The interview should have ended in February. I wonder if Benson succeeded in becoming a civil servant... Klein felt a pang of melancholy, and his gaze toward the radio transceiver grew warmer.

After a moment's thought, he calmly asked, "Third question: What are your origins?"

The typing paused for two seconds before sounding again.

A sheet of white paper emerged, and a new scene surfaced.

Large quantities of black, viscous liquid gushed from the ground, spreading outward in a distorted fashion. The liquid sprouted varying numbers of arms and legs, transforming into strange monsters that charged forward.

During this process, a speck of light shot out with the black liquid and landed on a rock. It rapidly fused with the stone, transforming it into a mirror with ancient patterns and black gemstones adorning both sides.

What kind of bizarre scene is this... Is this how Arrodes was born? What was that speck of light? Where did it come from? It does seem like a Beyonder characteristic... Klein made a preliminary interpretation of the scene.

The typing didn't stop, and another line appeared: "Great Master, do you have any more questions?"

Noting the time, Klein shook his head.

"No."

"You have finished asking your questions, and it is time for me to leave. Great Master, ruler above the spirit world, your loyal and humble servant Arrodes looks forward to serving you again and hopes to continue following in your footsteps. Bye~" At the end of the illusory paper was a waving-hand emoticon.

Chapter 714: New Diary Pages

Inside the inn's quiet room, the dark and silent radio transceiver instantly returned to normal, and the eeriness surrounding it vanished.

Klein hurriedly set up a ritual and sacrificed it above the gray fog before taking the time to consider the answers he had received.

Combining the clues provided by Arrodes with the answers from Mr. Azik and Will Auceptin, Klein now had a basic idea of how he should proceed.

He didn't merely wish to return to Backlund for some rest and reorganization. He also viewed the metropolis as his main base of operations for a considerable period. He wanted to see whether he could steal the Antigonus family's notebook from Saint Samuel Cathedral of the Church of the Evernight Goddess.

If he confirmed that there was no feasible solution, he would attempt to switch to a neighboring Beyonder pathway. If that proved impossible as well, he would have no choice but to take the final route--heading to the main peak of the Hornacis mountain range.

Hmm... I definitely can't use my identity as Sherlock Moriarty after returning to Backlund, unless I want to draw out Ince Zangwill or the royal family faction hiding in the shadows. However, when contacting people I know or making use of the Church of Steam's resources, I can transform back into Sherlock Moriarty.

In short, I have to create a new identity. Furthermore, it must be entirely separate from Gehrman Sparrow. Hmm, I won't return directly to Pritz Harbor this time. I'll make a detour through Desi Bay and ensure that no one can trace my origins. Klein's thoughts raced, and he soon formed a clear plan.

After determining his next course of action, he planned to draw some blood and head above the gray fog to explore Groselle's Travels with his Spirit Body. However, considering that there was a Tarot Gathering that afternoon, he lay back on the bed and took the opportunity to rest and relax.

The Future sailed smoothly across the undulating waves as Admiral of Stars Cattleya stood by the window, gazing at the seemingly endless scenery. From the deck came Nina's exasperated shouts from time to time as she angrily berated Frank Lee for creating a batch of fast-growing, beef-flavored mushrooms that liked to eat fish.

Cattleya sighed silently and pushed the heavy glasses up the bridge of her nose.

At that moment, her spiritual perception was suddenly triggered, and she looked down at her desk. At some unknown point, several sheets of yellowed paper had appeared there.

The emperor's diary entries... She finally sent a messenger... Delighted, Cattleya turned around and picked up the few sheets of paper that seemed akin to a preliminary probe.

By three in the afternoon, after memorizing the symbols, Cattleya saw illusory crimson light surge toward her like a tide, drowning her within it.

Beneath a high dome supported by stone columns, Cattleya saw similar crimson beams rise and transform into indistinct figures.

She didn't examine them carefully, because she realized that a familiar pair of glasses had naturally appeared on the bridge of her nose. They were an almost perfect replica of the pair she wore in the outside world.

Then, from the corner of her eye, she saw Miss Justice elegantly rise to her feet. Miss Justice briskly greeted the figure seated at the place of honor, "Good afternoon, Mr. Fool~"

Audrey had been in a good mood recently. After returning to her family's castle, she had played the part of an obedient daughter and helped her mother, Lady Caitlyn, resolve several psychological problems stemming from her age and physical condition. The feedback had been exceptionally good, allowing Audrey to summarize more of the Psychiatrist acting principles.

The most important among them was to help others resolve their psychological problems. She suspected that this was why the potion was named Psychiatrist rather than Psychologist.

Miss Justice is very happy... Her mood proved infectious, and Klein responded with a smiling nod.

During this process, he noticed that Mr. Hanged Man appeared preoccupied. He seemed hesitant and conflicted, as though he hadn't yet made up his mind.

Eh, this means Mr. Hanged Man can afford the Ocean Songster potion formula and main ingredient, but he'll have to pay an enormous price. I thought he would ask to pay in installments... The Fool Klein calmly withdrew his gaze without betraying any unusual emotion and surveyed the area.

After Miss Justice finished her greeting, Cattleya looked toward the head of the long bronze table.

"Honorable Mr. Fool, I have found three pages of Roselle's diary."

Here they are... I wonder whether the three diary pages specially selected by Queen Mystic will contain anything valuable. For instance, they might provide clues to the Seer pathway's Card of Blasphemy. That would give me another alternative... Filled with anticipation, Klein calmly and naturally said, "Very good. You may think of a request."

"Yes, Mr. Fool." Cattleya replied impeccably before requesting permission to conjure the contents of the diary pages.

Seeing her behavior and recalling how she had acted in the dream, Klein felt rather gratified. He felt like a teacher who had successfully reformed a student.

This is the first time Ma'am Hermit has provided pages from Emperor Roselle's diary. Given the standards and abilities she has displayed, it's impossible that she failed to find any in the past... Yes, she was more of an observer before. After being punished by Mr. Fool, has she truly integrated herself into our Tarot Club? Coupled with Cattleya's performance last week, Audrey reached a conclusion.

Meanwhile, she sensed that Mr. Hanged Man didn't seem like himself. He appeared to be looking forward to something, yet also seemed unable to bring himself to part with something. She found this rather intriguing.

Klein didn't have to wait long before the three diary pages were conjured and appeared in his hands.

Derrick and the other members instinctively fell silent so as not to disturb Mr. Fool's reading.

"February 9th. Today is Bornova's birthday. He is already a healthy, strong, honest, and kind young man. His piety has earned the Church's favor.

"Everyone is congratulating me, saying that Bornova will definitely become a Blessed, a saint. They praise him for the purity and flawlessness of his faith.

"I should be very happy, but I can't conceal my dismay. I wish for my children to be more human, to possess more emotions. I hope they can be themselves rather than merely believers of a deity.

"However, almost everyone sincerely believes that Bornova's present state is excellent. Matilda is the same, as is Ciel. Most of my noble officials feel the same way. Only Bernadette shares my view. She told me privately that she believes people should be more self-centered, so long as they don't harm others.

"Recalling what Zaratul said when Bornova was born, as well as the premonition I experienced after becoming a demigod, my heart grows heavier. Adorable angel. Heh heh, what an adorable angel.

"Is this your way of guarding against me?

"Is this your attempt to control me?

"No, you can probably never understand the pride within me. As far as I'm concerned, so what if you're a deity? I can replace you!"

"February 11th. Another attempt to contact Zaratul ended without success.

"Ever since he obtained that Antigonus notebook, the leader of the Secret Order has appeared less and less often. I have no idea what secret he is plotting. In any case, 'He' definitely won't tell me.

"February 12th. I made a mystical item particularly suitable for Bernadette.

"It can effectively shield her from the Hidden Sage's ravings, as long as she doesn't proactively pray and seek a response. Yes, this item also seems capable of helping Saints enter the easternmost reaches of the Sonia Sea, where the battlefield of the gods lies. It prevents them from being influenced by the True Creator's ravings, and that place likely conceals the secret of the Forsaken Land of the Gods.

"Ha, I was merely making a present for my daughter on a whim. To think it would possess such powerful effects. Bernadette, your father truly is the greatest Artisan in the world!"

Greatest Artisan? Does this mean the emperor had already reached Sequence 2 of the Savant pathway when he wrote this diary entry, becoming an angel? With the God of Steam and Machinery occupying the pathway, this is the highest level an Artisan can attain... No wonder Queen Mystic can freely enter and leave the battlefield of the gods. It's because of a gift from the emperor. Indeed, a child with parents is like a treasure... Klein felt wistful.

In addition, he could sense Emperor Roselle's repressed anger in the diary entry. Using the reading comprehension skills honed in his previous life, he discerned what lay between the lines.

After he became an angel, the Church of the God of Steam and Machinery obstructed and suppressed him. The God of Steam and Machinery had exerted a certain influence over his youngest son, Bornova, turning him into the most devout of believers and designating him as someone who could become an angel and enter the Land of Perfection.

Not only did this force Emperor Roselle to submit to the suppression out of fear for the consequences, but it also stirred rebellious thoughts within him.

Did the Emperor later become a public enemy of the world because of this rebellion? Klein nodded inwardly.

Meanwhile, he noticed something regarding Zaratul. He suspected that the Miracle Invoker had begun seeking advancement to Sequence 1 only after obtaining the Antigonus family's notebook. To that end, "He" had made numerous plans, but something had gone wrong during "His" advancement, turning "Him" into a monster. Of course, as Arrodes had said, Zaratul might not have lost control. "He" could be concealing something or plotting something.

After quickly scanning the rest, Klein turned the page and looked at the reverse side. It wasn't a continuation, but entirely new content.

"October 5th. Several believers of the Primordial Moon were captured by the Men in Black organization I established. They failed to complete the corresponding sacrificial ritual.

"Their behavior intrigues me, as their power seems to come directly from the crimson moon.

"Unfortunately, a vast amount of data has confirmed that the crimson moon is truly a satellite orbiting our planet. Then how does it combine physics and mysticism?

"With my present strength, traveling to the crimson moon isn't impossible. At most, it would be troublesome and somewhat difficult, but it doesn't seem necessary."

"October 17th. I have finally made up my mind.

"I will attempt to switch to the neighboring Mystery Pryer pathway. Only then can I become a Sequence 1.

"I've always suspected that the Hidden Sage is merely a conceptualized Uniqueness that gained sentience and awakened because of some accident. Therefore, this pathway's Sequence 1 position is likely still vacant!"

Chapter 715: Madness in His Later Years

"I've long since obtained the Knowledge Emperor potion formula from that most ancient organization. Now, it's time to seek the corresponding ingredients. It might already belong to a certain angel, or it might have fused with a nearby object and turned into a twisted, evil monster or a chaotic and terrifying Sealed Artifact. In short, I must be careful. It would be best to find a suitable helper.

"Knowledge Emperor. The name of this Sequence 1 potion is rather interesting. If I hadn't seen the Blasphemy Slate with my own eyes, I would've imagined that it belonged to the Reader pathway and, therefore, to the Church of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom. Stranger still, these two pathways aren't interchangeable.

"I once discussed this matter with that mysterious leader and Old Mister Hermes. We basically reached a consensus. We believe that the Reader pathway represents the 'omniscient' aspect of 'omnipotent and omniscient,' while the Mystery Pryer and Savant pathways correspond to knowledge itself, divided into two aspects: one leans more toward the mystical, while the other leans more toward reality.

"Heh, once I become a Knowledge Emperor, Bernadette will no longer have to worry about the Hidden Sage's knowledge infusion. Nor will she have to fear pursuing knowledge."

The Emperor eventually switched to the Mystery Pryer pathway? I wonder if he successfully became a Knowledge Emperor... Perhaps it was because of this that his relationship with the Church of Steam completely fractured, leaving him a public enemy with no one to help him. All he could do was place his hopes on the Twilight Hermit Order... Klein thought with mixed emotions as he formed several conjectures.

Apart from that, he was rather interested in the Emperor's explanation of why the Reader pathway wasn't interchangeable with the Mystery Pryer and Savant pathways. He believed that, by deepening his understanding of the matter, he might be able to discern the rules and rationale behind the interchangeability of Beyonder pathways.

To the average Beyonder, the Reader, Mystery Pryer, and Savant pathways all belong to the domain of "knowledge." There should be a very strong connection among them, yet the former is different...

Reader belongs to the "omniscient" aspect of "omnipotent and omniscient." Then does Secrets Suppliant, the Shepherd pathway, represent the "omnipotent" aspect? There must be a certain overlap between the two. For example, one can become powerful through erudition and erudite through power. Therefore, they can be interchanged...

Following this line of thought, the Storm pathway can be understood as omnipotence in the domains of sea, land, and air. Spectator corresponds to the psyche, making it a powerful complement to Storm. Then why can the Sun pathway be interchanged with them? Considering that the ancient sun god was deemed "omnipotent and omniscient," does this mean the Sun pathway is the foundation that accommodates "omnipotence and omniscience"?

Yes... Following this line of reasoning, Mystery Pryer and Savant are different aspects of "knowledge" itself. That's why they can be interchanged. Then how are Assassin and Hunter distinguished? What about the Evernight, Death, and God of Combat pathways? In an instant, Klein thought of many things, but he lacked the time and sufficient knowledge to delve deeper into his analysis. All he could do was temporarily put the corresponding questions to the back of his mind and will the third diary page to the top of the stack.

After a cursory glance, Klein's attention suddenly sharpened. This was because the diary page was very different from the previous ones.

It bore no date, and the words were widely spaced. Since this was the original, it was obvious that the force exerted while writing the words had been far from ordinary!

Klein swept his gaze across the page, and its contents were reflected in his mind.

"No! Impossible!

"How could that happen!?

"If my predictions are correct, I'm not the only one who had that encounter!

"No. No! How could that happen!?

"What I saw tells me that everything will be destroyed. Everything I've created as well! No! I can't accept such an ending!

"I have to do everything I can to save myself. I can't rely on the seven deities!

"Only by ascending to the throne of Sequence 0 can I and the things I value be preserved!

"Should I attempt to pull Mr. Door back into the real world? No! Although 'He' claims to be only a Sequence 1, I believe 'He' isn't merely an ordinary Sequence 1! It's very likely that 'He' will bring an unforeseen catastrophe upon me!"

The Chinese characters, far larger than those on the first two pages, occupied the yellowed paper in a haphazard manner. There wasn't much content, but it left Klein's head throbbing painfully.

When he wrote this diary entry, Emperor Roselle was very likely already a Sequence 1 Knowledge Emperor. The content he wrote was infused with a potent sense of mystery and colored by his emotions. This also meant that, had Klein read it in the real world, he might very well have become mentally unstable, gone mad, or lost control on the spot!

Thankfully, Ma'am Hermit doesn't know Chinese. Otherwise, she would've mutated while memorizing the contents... Even without understanding Chinese, she must've found the process exceptionally tiring and draining... Prolonged exposure would inevitably produce visual and auditory hallucinations. Furthermore, there's a high chance that the early signs of losing control would appear... Klein thought, privately congratulating himself on his good fortune.

His attention quickly returned to the diary entry as puzzlement surfaced within him.

What did the Emperor see that made him so emotional? His state of mind was also rather extreme.

No, the agitation and rashness revealed in these words are a little abnormal. They don't match the image of someone who has occupied a lofty position for a long time. They don't match an angel's level. Even in his final days, he said that after his death, he didn't care if a flood deluged the heavens. He didn't lose his composure or appear this agitated then.

Who influenced him? Or did something corrupt and taint his thoughts?

Also, he mentioned that he wasn't the only one who had that encounter. What was he referring to? Transmigration? It's true that he isn't the only one who transmigrated for no apparent reason. There's also me... or are there even more?

As thoughts flashed through his mind, Klein didn't waste any time. He made the three diary pages vanish, then smiled at Cattleya.

"Have you decided on your request?"

Cattleya bowed slightly and said, "I wish to know why Emperor Roselle went mad in his later years."

Audrey, who sat in the same row as her, blinked. She thought she had misheard, for she hadn't expected Ma'am Hermit to immediately ask such a weighty question.

Furthermore, how does she know that Emperor Roselle went mad in his later years? Also... Also, she only handed in three pages. How can she ask a question of this magnitude? It doesn't conform to the principle of equivalent exchange! Many thoughts arose in Audrey's mind, but she didn't interrupt Ma'am Hermit's question. Instead, she waited for Mr. Fool's response with keen interest and inexplicable excitement.

Alger, Emlyn, and Fors similarly held their breaths and cast their gazes toward the end of the bronze table. Only Derrick and The World seemed oblivious.

Klein considered the question and chuckled.

"First, we need to accept reality.

"I'm neither omniscient nor omnipotent."

He said those words in a relaxed, self-deprecating manner, but The Hermit and the others showed no signs of unease. Instead, they appeared even more reverent.

To them, it was obvious that Mr. Fool wasn't omnipotent and omniscient. Setting aside their guesses regarding Mr. Fool's state, this hidden existence's honorific name contained no corresponding descriptions, which was enough to explain the matter.

Furthermore, none of the present true gods or evil gods had honorific names involving omnipotence and omniscience!

After setting their expectations, Klein began answering The Hermit's question.

"I also wish to know what Roselle encountered in his later years.

"At present, it can be confirmed that, due to an unknown cause and an unknown source of stimulation, Roselle set his sights on Sequence 0."

He didn't explain what Sequence 0 corresponded to. In the Tarot Club, more members knew than didn't. Even those who didn't know could probably guess something.

Sequence 0... The Emperor wanted to become a god? No wonder it's said that he went mad in his later years... Audrey knew what Sequence 0 meant and immediately sighed. Alger reacted similarly.

Cattleya clearly knew what Sequence 0 implied. Deep in thought, she expressed her gratitude and withdrew her gaze.

Sequence 0... Emlyn and Fors mulled over the term, as though they had only just realized that there was a position above Sequence 1 that belonged to true gods!

Derrick looked at Mr. Fool with a puzzled expression. He didn't understand what was wrong with the attempt made by Emperor Roselle, someone with a strong presence in history. In the City of Silver, if anyone had the opportunity, every resident would wish to become a Sequence 0 true god in order to create a more sustainable living environment or lead everyone out of the forsaken land.

Klein didn't elaborate. He leaned back in his chair and surveyed the area.

"You may begin."

With that said, he controlled The World to look at Derrick before giving a deep chuckle.

"The Notary potion formula you wanted has been acquired."

"Thank you, Mr. World. According to our agreement, I will remember this debt and await your request," Derrick said sincerely.

"All right." Klein controlled The World to respond before putting on a show of requesting Mr. Fool to conjure the formula.

Before long, the potion formula was in Little Sun's hands.

Derrick received it with delight and eagerly scanned the contents of the goatskin.

"Sequence 6, Notary. Main ingredients: 1 set of crystallized roots of the Tree of Elders, 5 feathers of a Spirit Pact Bird. Supplementary ingredients: 100 ml of Radiance Spirit Pact Tree's juice, 1 golden-rimmed sunflower, 1 white-rimmed sunflower, 5 drops of Aqua Fern juice."

Without waiting for the others to speak, The World looked at Alger and said, "As you know, I have your Ocean Songster potion formula and main ingredient."

Ah? Audrey and the others were momentarily dumbfounded.

Cattleya couldn't conceal her astonishment as she looked at The World. She clearly remembered that Gehrman Sparrow had hunted Slaughterer Kircheis only a week ago. How had he obtained the Ocean Songster potion formula and main ingredient?

Don't tell me he killed an Ocean Songster? That would be considered a quasi-high-ranking member of the Church of Storms... It's only been a week! Cattleya found it difficult to believe.

Chapter 716: Island and Ruins

Mr. World has also obtained the Ocean Songster potion formula and main ingredient. He's really impressive! Derrick shifted his gaze away from the goatskin in his hand and looked at the gentleman seated at the other end of the long bronze table.

In his mind, The World's strength had reached an entirely new level, one comparable to the weaker members of the six-member council!

Fors was similarly astonished, and her feelings grew more complicated.

She remembered that, when she first joined the Tarot Club, Mr. World had given her the impression of being gloomy and reserved. Apart from that, nothing about him had stood out. In the gatherings that followed, he began to demonstrate extensive experience, broad knowledge, and rather impressive abilities. At a glance, he was a senior Beyonder who had been through many things, second only to Mr. Hanged Man among the Tarot Club members.

This image had already taken shape in Fors's mind, but over the past few months, Miss Magician had repeatedly been surprised by The World.

First, he proved capable of obtaining rather important information. Then, within a short period, he sold many Beyonder characteristics. She involuntarily began to suspect that he was a Beyonder assassin active in the mysterious world. She feared him from the bottom of her heart, but that fear was accompanied by happiness. This meant she could entrust certain requests to Mr. World and have a high chance of seeing them fulfilled.

When the new member, The Hermit, appeared, Fors had even imagined that Mr. World's halo would be overshadowed by this powerful lady. To her surprise, however, he had seized the "limelight" and dazzled everyone with his brilliance.

Obtaining the Ocean Songster potion formula, its corresponding main ingredient, and the Notary potion formula seemed beyond human capabilities!

He really is impressive. I admire this sort of person who appears quiet and ordinary but is actually very capable. Sigh, I wonder when I'll become a Viscount. After this hunting competition, the winner will receive a prize that's likely to be something capable of making a Sanguine stronger... Emlyn White's thoughts quickly returned to himself.

While Audrey marveled in amazement, she felt puzzled about something from before.

Why isn't the impressive Mr. World searching for Emperor Roselle's diary pages? Hmm, he isn't like Ma'am Hermit. He has already been in the Tarot Club for quite some time and doesn't need to observe... It isn't as though he has no requests, or that he must search for Emperor Roselle's diary pages to obtain something from Mr. Fool... Then why isn't he searching for them?

Has he submitted them in private? But why?

Imperceptibly, Audrey sensed that Mr. World and Mr. Fool were connected to a certain degree, but she couldn't confirm it. There were simply too many possibilities.

At that moment, after a few seconds of silence, Alger turned toward the seat of honor.

"Honorable Mr. Fool, I wish to communicate privately with The World."

Here it comes... Klein nodded in anticipation and isolated everyone's senses.

Alger waited two seconds before turning back to look at The World, Gehrman Sparrow.

"I will offer the coordinates of an unknown primitive island in exchange.

"The island not only has extinct Beyonder creatures that can't be found on the Northern or Southern Continent, but also an ancient ruin of unknown age.

"Back then... Phew... Qilangos and I discovered it. At the time, we lacked the strength to delve deeply into it. However, he discovered certain traces and suspected that the ruins concealed something extremely, extremely important. He believed its value was no lower than that of a card created by Emperor Roselle.

"My strength was inferior to Qilangos's, so I didn't venture as deeply as he did. I have no idea what he saw. I could only make guesses based on his remarks."

...Mr. Hanged Man's words contain plenty of information. From the looks of it, he knew Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos long ago. They even went on adventures together and discovered the primitive island and ancient ruins. And previously, he was also the one who considered finishing off this pirate admiral while he was away at sea... Mr. Hanged Man isn't an ordinary member of the Church of Storms. His past seems very complicated, and he hides many secrets... Yes, the value of a primitive island isn't small. For a secret organization, it could serve as a foundation to support its members' growth... Klein controlled The World to appear deep in thought as he attempted to obtain more information from The Hanged Man.

When The World neither rejected nor agreed, Alger, who had regained his composure, calmly said, "There are traces of demigod-level Beyonder creatures on the island. To you, that should be something valuable.

"On this point, I can swear in Mr. Fool's name. I guarantee that I'm not lying."

After I obtain the Bizarro Sorcerer potion formula, I'll have to consider how to obtain the corresponding ingredients. At the level of a demigod, money becomes of little use. Trading gives me the greatest chance of obtaining what I need... The location of demigod-level Beyonder creatures is important. Those ruins are also quite interesting... The World didn't hesitate. He chuckled.

"Deal."

Alger didn't immediately receive the Ocean Songster potion formula. Instead, he said, "I have one condition. I wish to accompany you on your first exploration of the primitive island. With Mr. Fool watching over everything, I believe you won't be concerned that I'll attempt anything untoward."

Klein considered it for a moment and made The World nod.

"No problem. I will need companions when venturing into dangerous places. I hope you possess the necessary strength."

Alger wasn't angered by The World's tone. He heaved a sigh of relief.

"That's why I hope your first exploration will take place after I advance. Of course, if I lose control because of the potion, this agreement will naturally become null and void."

"No problem," The World replied without any qualms.

Alger didn't dwell on the topic. After obtaining Mr. Fool's permission, he conjured the details of the primitive island on a piece of goatskin.

It's on the periphery of the Rorsted Sea... It's quite a large island, almost the size of Blue Mountain Island... Klein received the goatskin and quickly scanned it, gaining a general understanding of the primitive island.

He quickly looked up and said, "I'll hand over the potion formula and main ingredient after the gathering ends."

"All right." Having made his choice, Alger no longer had any reservations. Upon hearing those words, waves surged through his heart, but he appeared even more staid on the surface.

After their private conversation ended, Cattleya withdrew her gaze from The World and looked at Fors.

"The Meteorite Crystal has been obtained. 600 pounds for 60 grams."

That's fast... Ma'am Hermit really is efficient! Fors was delighted, but she also felt troubled.

After last week's gathering, she had already obtained the crystallized blood of a Lavos Squid. She had paid 600 pounds for it, leaving her with 230 pounds. Even after adding the 150 pounds she received in royalties this week, she was still 220 pounds short.

I'll borrow from Xio first. She should have that much... After I successfully advance, I'll do my best to earn money as quickly as possible! I have to! Fors silently drew a breath and said, "All right. We will complete the transaction tomorrow at this time."

The Hermit tersely acknowledged her. Without wasting any time, she looked at Audrey.

"The Black-hunting Giant Lizard's spinal fluid has been confirmed. 1,800 pounds. There are no clues regarding the Illusory Chime Tree's fruit for the time being."

"That's already very good, better than I expected. Thank you, Ma'am Hermit." Audrey sincerely thanked her, not minding the price at all.

She had recently realized that there was an advantage to establishing the "Relic Search and Preservation Foundation." She could use her funds in a more discreet and inconspicuous manner, making it difficult for her parents to notice.

After confirming the two transactions, Cattleya surveyed the members as though she were already one of them.

"Any clues regarding the blood of a Mythical Creature?"

Klein immediately controlled The World to chuckle hoarsely.

"Are you referring to a pure Mythical Creature?"

Pure Mythical Creature? Are there impure Mythical Creatures? Audrey and the others were puzzled but intrigued by what they heard.

Cattleya was taken aback. She said, "A pure one, which means the blood of an angel. One drop is enough."

She hadn't introduced it in detail back then because she believed that, for the time being, such a high-level object wouldn't appear in the Tarot Club unless Mr. Fool was willing to help her. And clearly, Mr. Fool didn't need anyone to explain to "Him" what a Mythical Creature was.

"I have certain clues, but I can't guarantee that I'll be able to obtain it. Furthermore, it will take at least another three months." Klein controlled The World to respond.

The other Tarot Club members fell silent. They had never expected The World to have clues regarding an angel's blood!

What can't he accomplish? Audrey, Fors, and the others had their impression of Mr. World refreshed once again.

As for Alger, he suspected that The World intended to ask Mr. Fool's angel for a drop of blood.

After a brief silence, Emlyn, who suddenly realized that his advancement wasn't necessarily as obvious as those of the other members, asked weakly, "Are there any clues regarding my previous commission?"

Fors immediately said, "There are some suspected cases. I will continue investigating."

Burdened with debt, she was highly motivated to work.

At the end of the trading segment, Derrick mentioned his desire to purchase the crystallized roots of the Tree of Elders. As for the feathers of a Spirit Pact Bird, the City of Silver had some in its special warehouse.

In addition, he also sought to purchase the golden-rimmed sunflower and the other supplementary ingredients. They were commonly seen in the outside world, but were unavailable in the Forsaken Land of the Gods.

"The crystallized roots of the Tree of Elders and the supplementary ingredients aren't difficult to obtain." Emlyn's attention was drawn over as he said, "Then what can you offer in exchange?"

When he had provided Miss Justice with the fruit of the Tree of Elders, he had already learned where its crystallized roots could be found.

Derrick thought for a moment and said, "A Sequence 5 Vampire's Beyonder characteristic?"

It was a relatively common monster in the depths of the darkness.

"Sanguine!" Emlyn said through gritted teeth. "There's no hurry. I'll tell you once I've decided what I need."

He didn't want an item obtained through a transaction to overlap with the hunting competition's prize.

"All right." Having already incurred a debt to The World, Derrick was relatively at ease.

After a moment of silence, Klein rapped the edge of the mottled table, signaling the beginning of the free exchange.

Chapter 717: The World and Hero Bandit

Inside the ancient palace standing above the gray fog, Alger wasn't in a hurry to mention the matter concerning Crazy Captain Connors Viktor. He turned his head to look at The Sun.

"Are you still in Afternoon Town?"

Derrick nodded honestly.

"Yes. We spent a very long time establishing a camp. Afterward, we formed small teams and cleared out the remaining monsters one street at a time while searching for any ancient ruins that might still exist. Although the process is slow, it's sufficiently safe."

His answer was extremely detailed, giving the impression that Mr. Hanged Man could ask further questions if he wished to know more.

Audrey listened with interest and raised her hand slightly.

"With all of you staying in Afternoon Town for so long, what do you rely on for food? Is there any Black-Faced Grass nearby?"

She had long since heard from Little Sun that the City of Silver relied on the Black-Faced Grass grown around the city as its source of sustenance.

"We brought some powdered Black-Faced Grass, but our main source of food comes from hunting those monsters. Once the Beyonder characteristic is expelled, a large proportion of them can be skinned, roasted over a fire, and eaten. However, their flesh contains a certain degree of corruption, which can cause psychological problems. We can't consume it continuously and need to leave intervals between meals," Derrick replied seriously to Miss Justice's question.

Audrey recalled the monsters Little Sun had mentioned in the depths of the darkness. Imagining the terrifying creatures in the dark and eerie surroundings of the City of Silver, she couldn't help but pursue the matter further. "Wouldn't that be very disgusting?"

Fors, who had been listening attentively to the other members' conversation, was inspired by the question. Deliberately avoiding Emlyn's gaze, she asked Derrick with keen curiosity, "I remember you mentioning that the monsters in the depths of the darkness include Vampires. Their bodies ooze pus, and they're extremely ugly. Then, after killing Vampires, how would you eat them?"

Upon hearing the question, Emlyn forgot to correct her and explain that Sanguine weren't Vampires. His expression turned livid as an inexplicable, indescribable horror seized him.

Derrick remained silent for two seconds before saying, "Some monsters are indeed disgusting--very disgusting. The Vampires Miss Magician mentioned are one such example, but we have no choice. As long as something is edible, we will eat it."

His voice gradually grew heavy, as though he had once again profoundly felt the tragedy of the curse enveloping the City of Silver.

The palace that resembled a giant's residence once again fell silent. Even Emlyn, who had wanted to retort, said nothing. He merely curled his lips and drew back his arm.

A few seconds later, The World broke the silence with a chuckle.

"Let's return to the sea. Certain matters have arisen that require your attention. After a storm, Crazy Captain Connors Viktor's Single-eyed Skull drifted into a nearby harbor. Its masts were broken, and it was covered in charred marks. The entire crew, including Connors Viktor, was dead. Not a single person survived."

Justice and the others didn't know who Crazy Captain was. They weren't particularly interested in the news, apart from being curious about what had caused this devastating maritime tragedy.

Alger, on the other hand, had thoughts entirely different from theirs.

There must be an enormous secret involved if The World is paying attention to Crazy Captain's matter! No wonder His Eminence Kottman issued such an important order for the Mandated Punishers and captains to investigate the situation! Alger's eyes shifted slightly as he pondered before saying, "In Bayam, the Church of Storms is actively investigating the people and matters connected to Crazy Captain Connors Viktor."

Heh, there's no need for me to commission him... Klein chuckled inwardly and had The World ask directly, "What clues does the Church of Storms possess?"

"I have no idea. I'll do my best to learn about the situation." Alger frankly shook his head.

He believed that The World understood his implication: although he didn't know the exact details, he would sound out how much the Church knew.

Audrey, who was listening out of curiosity, realized that Crazy Captain's matter wasn't simple. Therefore, she asked probingly, "Mr. World, isn't this common infighting among pirates?"

Klein was just about to give Miss Justice a perfunctory answer without divulging anything further when a problem suddenly occurred to him.

Behind the Great Smog of Backlund and those disappearances, there might be a particular faction of the royal family, as well as certain military personnel. And both emotionally and by virtue of her position, Miss Justice leans toward the nobility and royal family. If the day comes when I target those bastards who deserve to die, she might be unable to accept it if I commission her. She might even find herself caught in a dilemma...

Therefore, I should begin instilling in her the impression that the royal family and military contain plenty of villains. I can subtly shift the direction of her sympathies and position. For that, I can accept the risk of leaking some information about The World... Klein pondered for a moment before having The World say in a relaxed but mocking tone, "Crazy Captain is connected to the disappearance of the colonial slaves Mr. Hanged Man was previously investigating.

"The Demoness Sect hands the people they deceive or abduct to Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy, who ships them to the eastern coast of the Northern Continent. Crazy Captain Connors Viktor then completes the final leg. This pirate is intricately connected to many human traffickers and slave merchants in Loen.

"Back when I informed Mr. Hanged Man of the news in January, someone witnessed Baelen, who was involved in the disappearances, together with an MI9 member loyal to the royal family.

"Furthermore, Capim, Backlund's largest human trafficker, had guards from the Arbiter pathway.

"With all these matters taken together, do you still think Crazy Captain's death was simply the result of infighting among pirates?

"Heh heh, I've always wondered why the person behind all this needs so many slaves."

The connections between the clues were clearly laid out before Audrey, Alger, and the others, causing them to suddenly realize many things.

Mr. World left Backlund and went to sea in search of clues. He's been investigating the truth behind the Great Smog and Prince Edessak's death all along! According to the information he provided, the true murderer clearly hasn't been punished. He's still hiding within the royal family, and part of the military is working for him. How despicable! Such a person should be cast into hell! Hmm... How does Mr. World know that Capim's guards were Beyonders of the Arbiter pathway? Did he fight them? Audrey's thoughts raced as she suddenly made a connection.

Capim was killed by Hero Bandit Black Emperor. The latter clearly knew which pathway Capim's guards belonged to.

Hero Bandit Black Emperor is Mr. Fool's Blessed.

Mr. World is suspected of having a certain connection to Mr. Fool. He has never requested Emperor Roselle's diary pages.

Therefore, Mr. World is Hero Bandit Black Emperor, and he's also Mr. Fool's Blessed?

He doesn't hand in Emperor Roselle's diary pages because he gives them to Mr. Fool in private? Some of his previous actions were meant to conceal his identity as a Blessed? Is this a test Mr. Fool gave him? It's truly difficult to connect Mr. World with Hero Bandit Black Emperor. The latter feels like a hero... Audrey felt as though she had stumbled upon the truth, and she began wondering what kind of person Mr. World, who was also Hero Bandit Black Emperor, was in real life.

Alger and Cattleya instantly understood why Gehrman Sparrow had attacked Tracy.

This Blessed was searching for the truth behind the Great Smog of Backlund!

And the truth concealed behind it was something Mr. Fool was interested in!

Fors and Emlyn, who lived in Backlund, also vaguely sensed something when The World mentioned Capim. After all, the legend of Hero Bandit Black Emperor had been rather prominent over the past half year. He had become an important character in many run-of-the-mill novels. Even Fors herself had considered making him the protagonist of a romance between a hero bandit and a young lady of the royal family.

They finally understood why The World had noticed in time that something was brewing in Backlund and that a tragedy was about to occur. It was because this gentleman had been following the relevant clues all along.

From the looks of it, the matter in Backlund is far from over. Another incident will likely occur in the future... I really want to flee this place immediately, but Xio definitely wouldn't agree. I have no way to explain it to her... The thought of fleeing Backlund suddenly arose in Fors's mind.

Emlyn wasn't particularly afraid. From his perspective, the Sanguine's important figures were all in Backlund and would definitely be able to provide a measure of protection if a disaster truly occurred.

After two seconds of silence, Alger said solemnly, "I will do my best to investigate this matter."

He had already sensed that a rather terrifying storm lay hidden behind the truth of Crazy Captain's death. As such, he felt somewhat apprehensive and afraid, but he also trembled with excitement at being involved in a matter of the utmost importance to both the Southern and Northern Continents.

Upon hearing this, Cattleya nodded.

"I will also seek out the relevant information.

"If you can provide more clues, I might be able to help."

Klein pondered for a moment before having The World state frankly, "On the night Crazy Captain died, a High-Sequence Beyonder suspected of belonging to the Black Emperor pathway appeared aboard his ship. However, this demigod managed to escape before Jahn Kottman arrived."

Black Emperor pathway, demigod... Alger and Cattleya mulled over those phrases as they considered how to approach the matter.

Audrey and the others were astonished that the Tarot Club had gone from discussing demigods to becoming directly involved in matters concerning them. The level of the cases they were involved in was truly increasing. As for Derrick, he didn't understand any of it.

With Crazy Captain's matter concluded, Cattleya glanced at The World before deliberately sharing her own piece of news.

"Another incident occurred at sea. Last week, the crazy adventurer Gehrman Sparrow hunted Slaughterer Kircheis, the second mate of the King of Immortality. He was a Sequence 5 Beyonder."

"How impressive..." Fors, who was only a Sequence 8, sighed from the bottom of her heart. She knew very well what it meant to be a Sequence 5.

"Yes, he truly is a legendary adventurer," Audrey echoed.

Emlyn's mouth fell open, then closed again. He felt that he was still some distance from that level.

Alger said without displaying any unease, "It is precisely because of this that investigating Gehrman Sparrow's origins has become an important mission for the various major organizations."

Are you implying that the Church of Storms has ordered you to investigate me? Klein instantly read between the lines and had The World chuckle.

"I wonder where I can claim this commission. I'd like to exchange some unimportant information for money. I do have some understanding of Gehrman Sparrow."

Oh, Mr. World is hinting that he doesn't mind if I exchange information about Gehrman Sparrow that appears important but is actually meaningless for rewards and trust? The Hanged Man nodded in understanding.

The free exchange continued for a while. After Derrick finished learning this week's list of ancient Hermes terms, the gathering came to an end.

After watching the bowing Miss Justice and the others depart, Klein cast his gaze upon Groselle's Travels.

Chapter 718: Characters in the Book

As he wasn't overly exhausted, Klein rubbed his temples and beckoned a small metal bottle over from the junk pile.

Inside it was a tiny tube of blood that he had gone to great lengths to draw from his vein and had long since brought above the gray fog. It was waiting for the opportunity when Klein would use his Spirit Body to enter Groselle's Travels and explore the book's world.

After opening the cap, Klein didn't immediately smear the blood over the book's dark brown cover. Instead, he summoned all the items from the junk pile that he had brought into the mysterious space before the Tarot Gathering and spread them out before him.

Considering how conspicuous the Black Emperor's form was and how little he knew about the situation in the book's world, Klein decided against bringing the Card of Blasphemy. Instead, he used Azik's copper whistle to strengthen his Spirit Body, preventing some unknown power from instantly killing him before he could return above the gray fog.

As the ancient and exquisite copper whistle fused with his body, Klein's Spirit Body swelled and became more corporeal.

Two pitch-black flames flared in his eye sockets as though they possessed lives of their own.

With the aid of Cogitation, he adjusted his spirituality and restrained the iciness stemming from the aspect of Death within his body. Soon, his eyes returned to normal.

It was like an evil spirit assuming an ordinary appearance to lure prey close.

Immediately afterward, Klein put on Creeping Hunger and held Death Knell while concealing the Nightmare Beyonder characteristic inside his body. He had prepared the latter so he could search for abnormalities by exploring the dreams of living beings in the book's world.

After completing all his preparations, he poured out a few drops of blood and smeared them over the cover of Groselle's Travels.

After a brief wait, his vision blurred, as though countless translucent objects were concealed within it. Then, it cleared--blue skies, white clouds, grayish-brown city walls, and passersby appeared before him.

This is no longer the frozen land from before, but a city that appears perfectly normal on the surface... Klein stood beside the dirt road and observed the residents of the book's world. He discovered that most of them wore linen shirts, short brown coats, and loose, dark-colored trousers. Their overall style resembled that of the Loen Kingdom several centuries ago.

He looked down at the style of his tailcoat, starched shirt, and damaged dark red bow tie and silently changed them all. Instantly, he looked no different from the people around him.

He then walked toward the city gates, preparing to enter.

At that moment, a soldier in a leather vest stopped him at the gate.

"Entrance fee! One liddle."

Do I look rich? I don't even know what a liddle is... Klein lampooned inwardly in amusement. He then "communicated" with the soldier on a spiritual level, successfully shifting the man's attention to a merchant caravan behind him.

As a quasi-wraith capable of possessing and controlling anyone, exerting a psychological influence on others was nothing extraordinary. It wasn't a particularly powerful ability, but it was extremely useful against ordinary people.

After entering the city, Klein walked through the streets in an apparently relaxed manner while inwardly remaining vigilant. He noticed that public hygiene was slightly better than Backlund's had been a few years ago. The city appeared to have a mature sewage system, preventing people from dumping waste and trash indiscriminately.

I can't tell that this is an illusory world inside a book at all. Everyone has Spirit Body Threads... Klein continued forward while observing his surroundings. Suddenly, he noticed a stone building more than ten meters tall beside him. It had only two stories, and the top of its doorway stood about four meters above the ground.

There was a sign beside the building. It was written in a language entirely different from any in the outside world, yet Klein instantly understood its meaning: "Pessote Blacksmith Guild."

There's a blacksmith guild. This place truly hasn't entered the Age of Steam... Just as Klein was sighing with emotion, he saw the door creak open and a giant with four long limbs walk out!

The giant's skin was grayish-blue, and his head bore the characteristic single vertical eye. He carried a huge, heavy sledgehammer in one hand and crossed the street with his lips curled.

The humans passing him displayed no fear, as though this were a common sight.

They even greeted the giant.

"Good afternoon, Groselle!"

Groselle... Klein, who had considerable difficulty distinguishing one giant from another, felt his pupils contract. Only then did he realize why the giant looked familiar!

He was just about to give chase when he saw that the giant had turned onto another street and vanished from sight.

Klein stood where he was, silently observing the intersection as several conjectures occurred to him.

There's another Groselle in the book's world?

No, the travels ended with Groselle dying in battle in the Nation of Frost...

Is this another story?

Filled with all kinds of questions, Klein didn't rush to find Groselle. He turned and entered a bar beside the street.

Such establishments were often the places where the most varied and disorderly information in a city gathered. It would help him quickly grasp the overall situation.

The bar was dimly lit and poorly ventilated, making the air rather turbid. At that moment, there weren't many patrons drinking. Most were gathered around the bar, chatting merrily with one another or with the bartender.

Klein slowly walked over, only for his gaze to freeze.

Beside the bar, he saw a man in a pointed black hat and an asymmetrical coat. The man was rather handsome, with flaxen hair, deep brown eyes, a high nose, and thin lips. He was none other than Viscount Mobet Zoroast of the Solomon Empire!

Upon seeing him, Klein recalled the scene of the Dream Stealer rapidly aging and collapsing to the ground, struggling to crawl toward Elven Songster Siatas before grabbing her hand.

Everything remained as vivid as if it had happened only yesterday, yet Mobet had once again appeared before his eyes.

Klein's expression grew solemn as he walked over and sat beside Mobet.

He didn't say a word, knowing that Mobet was the sort to start a conversation on his own.

"Outsider, is this your first time in Pessote? I swear I've never met you before." Mobet put down a cup of distilled liquor and turned his head toward him.

"I come from the Nation of Frost." Klein casually fabricated a story.

Mobet immediately burst into loud laughter.

"You're a funny fellow. This is the Nation of Frost. Of course, that was many years ago.

"Ever since the King of the North was killed by a group of adventurers--no, heroes--this place has no longer been plagued by ice and snow. Everyone believes it should be called the Nation of Neverwinter."

Klein remained silent without responding.

"Why so serious? You look like you have troubles of your own." Mobet rapped on the wooden bar with apparent sympathy. He downed a mouthful of spirits and said, "Let me tell you, a man should never get married. It's the beginning of suffering! Do you know? Whenever she gets even a little worked up, she beats me. When she's happy, she beats me. The same happens when she's embarrassed or angry! In any case, she beats me for every reason imaginable! As of this very moment, I've decided never to return home again!"

Does this mean you married Siatas? Klein remained silent for two seconds as he studied Mobet's face. He discovered no signs of bruising or swelling, which meant that the Elven Songster understood that a man needed to maintain appearances.

He asked with a sigh, "Then why did you marry her?"

Mobet was taken aback before smiling ruefully.

"I came here with a merchant caravan. When I first saw her, she was simply so beautiful. Her singing was moving and seemed to conceal an indescribable sorrow. Heh, I'm now as afraid of her as I was infatuated with her back then! I definitely won't go home. Hey, why do you look a little sad? You don't need to feel sorry for me. I'm already free!"

At that moment, the door to the bar suddenly opened, and a beautiful female voice shouted, "Mobet, come out here!

"I'm counting down from ten. If you don't come home, never come back!

"Ten, nine..."

Mobet immediately leaped to his feet and ran toward the door. As he ran, he muttered, "I know you don't have any patience. You always jump straight to two after reaching eight!"

Klein turned and saw Siatas's figure, but he no longer had any intention of communicating with her.

The real Mobet and Siatas were already dead. The two living in the book's world were merely characters.

Klein stood and left the bar, making his way to a nearby deserted alley. He planned to confirm what kind of spirit world existed here.

He quickly outlined spherical lights in his mind as his thoughts gradually emptied and his body and mind grew tranquil.

As his spirituality spread outward bit by bit, several indescribable illusory figures appeared around him. However, the seven lustrous lights of different colors that contained endless knowledge were absent from the sky above.

The seven lights don't exist here... There are very few spirit world creatures as well... This truly is a false spirit world created by the book... Klein took a step forward and found that the colors in his vision had become extremely saturated, overlapping in clearly distinct layers.

He didn't rush to explore the spirit world. He left it and began strolling through Pessote, looking in shop windows and chatting with others.

Before long, he found Groselle's residence.

The giant ran a blacksmith shop and was taking an afternoon nap on an enormous bed on the second floor.

Klein passed directly through the wall and arrived beside Groselle.

He observed the giant for a few seconds, then took the Nightmare Beyonder characteristic out of his Spirit Body. With some difficulty, he used one of the powers it naturally possessed.

Deep, serene darkness rapidly spread, instantly enveloping Klein and Groselle. In his Spirit Body state, Klein directly saw an irregular, hazy sphere of light.

His spirituality immediately extended toward it and made contact with the sphere.

All kinds of fragmented scenes flashed around him before settling on a forest of towering but withered trees. On the other side of the forest stood a mountain with steep cliffs. At its summit was a magnificent palace.

The palace was enormous and opulent, clearly not built for humans. It seemed to have emerged from a myth, and the light of dusk scattered above it appeared frozen in place.

Klein had seen this palace before. It was the Giant King's Court that had appeared in the dream world of the battlefield of the gods!

However, the angle was completely different from before. He was behind the king's court!

Chapter 719: Dream Tour

Klein turned his gaze toward the forest whose dense canopy scarcely allowed any light through, gaining a rough idea of where he was.

This was the Waning Forest that Groselle had guarded while at the Giant King's Court.

The trees in the forest stood dozens of meters tall, and each trunk was so thick that several giants would have been needed to encircle it. However, the bark was mottled everywhere with signs of decay. Most of the leaves and branches had withered and drooped, intertwining like a dark cloud suspended in midair.

Groselle and several similar-looking giants guarded the forest's perimeter. Some carried axes, while others carried broadswords, and all were fully focused on defending the area.

According to Groselle, the bodies of Giant King Aurmir's parents are buried in the Waning Forest. Apart from this ancient god, no one else is allowed to enter, including the guards... Yes, Giant King Aurmir's parents should be what are known as primordial giants, the maddest, cruelest, and most ferocious kind. Perhaps... Eh, why would Groselle have such a dream? As Klein pondered, he suddenly sensed that something was amiss.

According to the casual conversations he had held in Pessote, the present Groselle was a native giant who had nothing to do with the Giant King's Court.

Therefore, having such a dream appeared rather abnormal!

Based on the Psychology Alchemists' theory that Ma'am Daly and Miss Justice discussed before, perhaps when the book's world creates a character, it uses or copies the original person's subconscious or collective subconscious. It then makes minor alterations, causing the consciousness to conform to the required setting. Therefore, Groselle's dream is influenced by his subconscious and recreates his life in the Giant King's Court... If that's the case, one can only say that this book is a cruel author... The moment Klein thought of this, an idea suddenly occurred to him. He felt that this was an opportunity to gather relevant information about the Giant King's Court.

He had previously planned to learn about such matters directly from Groselle. However, to keep his promise, the Giant Guardian had died in the battle against the King of the North, Ulyssan. After his Spirit Body left the book's world, it had rapidly dissipated without giving Klein any chance to communicate with him. Now, he finally had another method: exploring Groselle's dream.

Some parts were bound to be absurd or exaggerated, but the remaining content had to be a true reflection of reality. As long as he studied it carefully, distinguishing between the two wasn't impossible.

Groselle never entered the Waning Forest, so the scenes within must come from his imagination. There's no need to explore it... Klein slowly turned his gaze toward the mountain where the king's court stood.

It wasn't very high, which meant that the Waning Forest was located on a mountain quite close to the king's court. There was probably a direct route from here to the ancient god's residence.

Klein didn't waste time searching. He walked straight up to Groselle, acting as though they knew each other well, and asked in a relaxed tone, "How do I return to the king's court?"

He knew that Groselle was an honest giant, and he would only be more honest in his dream.

Groselle raised a hand and scratched the back of his head. Looking down in confusion, he smiled and said, "Don't you just take the Barren Tunnel?"

He pointed ahead and added, "You'll see it once you go around that boulder."

"Thank you." Klein sighed and bowed.

As he watched Klein leave, Groselle scratched the back of his head again and muttered in bewilderment, "Who is he? Why does he seem so familiar..."

After circling a boulder that jutted from the mountainside, Klein's view suddenly opened up. An enormous cave at least thirty meters tall appeared before him.

A stone stele stood outside the cave. Engraved upon it were a single vertical eye, a high-bridged nose, and thick lips. It looked as though a giant's head had been flattened, leaving only its frontal features visible.

Just as Klein approached, the mouth on the stele opened.

"Why are you returning to the king's court ahead of schedule?"

"By His Majesty's orders," Klein answered calmly. After all, the intelligence of every living being in this dream was equivalent to that of the dream's owner, Groselle.

The stele's lips opened and closed, producing a droning sound.

"Please answer a question. Otherwise, you shall not pass."

...If only I'd brought Arrodes along. It would be quite amusing to see what happened... Klein lampooned inwardly as he calmly nodded.

"All right."

The stele's lips remained closed for three seconds before opening again.

"If your wife, your daughter, and a woman you desire ask you to judge which of them is the most beautiful, whom would you choose?"

This is completely different from the magic mirror's style... Klein's lips twitched as his mind raced. After nearly ten seconds, he answered, "My intelligence is insufficient to decide this matter. I would appoint someone more intelligent than me to provide the answer."

How could I answer a question that might get me killed? Gritting his teeth, he added inwardly.

"Who is this more intelligent person?" The giant's face on the stele froze for several seconds.

Klein answered solemnly, "Our king, of course."

The stele was struck speechless. It took quite some time before it said, "All right, I'll consider that an answer to the question. You may pass."

Klein immediately walked past the strange stele and entered the cave.

The cave's floor was paved with large, weathered stone slabs. Murals covered the walls and ceiling, telling stories of giants and dragons battling demonic wolves, mutants, devils, and phoenixes. The style was crude and the colors dark, but the scenes were exceptionally vivid.

Klein walked forward while examining the murals. He discovered patches of withered weeds and all kinds of coarse gravel in the gaps between the stone slabs and at the base of the murals.

The deeper he ventured, the more apparent the lack of water and decline of life became.

After walking for an unknown length of time, Klein saw an enormous grayish-blue door standing open. On either side stood a giant four to five meters tall.

The giants guarding this place differed from Groselle and the others. They wore sturdy, beautifully made iron-black armor and solid, exquisite helmets, making them resemble two enormous statues.

They didn't stop Klein, allowing him to pass through the doorway and enter the hall beyond.

The hall wasn't particularly spacious. Its far end was clearly visible, and it could probably accommodate only five or six giants.

As Klein observed his surroundings, he suddenly came to a halt. Then, as though lifted by an invisible hand, the hall rapidly rose.

He staggered slightly before regaining his footing. All he could see were grayish-black walls flashing past and sweeping downward.

About ten seconds later, there was a thud, and the hall stopped ascending.

At that moment, beyond the door was no longer the cave tunnel but a magnificent palace supported by stone columns.

Klein briskly left the original hall and surveyed his surroundings with keen interest.

This is the Giant King's Court's "elevator"? This appears to be where the guards live. Outside is a long table taller than a human, surrounded by enormous chairs. There are rooms on both sides, and the beds inside are arranged in neat rows... Klein's gaze swept across the various objects in the hall before stopping on a mural.

The mural's central figure was a giant clad in full-body silver armor. With nothing nearby to provide scale, Klein couldn't determine exactly how tall he was.

The giant stood at the edge of a cliff, holding a sword that pointed diagonally upward. A brilliant halo radiated from his body like a rising sun illuminating his surroundings.

Many giants knelt around him as though praying to or worshiping him while awaiting a bestowment.

The Giant King's son, the God of Dawn Badheil? Klein studied the central figure's face and saw that it was concealed behind a mask. Only a dawn-like radiance shone from his eyes.

It's very similar to the statue of the God of Combat in Backlund's underground ruins. His face is likewise completely hidden behind a mask... Heh, Queen Mystic previously said that the God of Combat is a giant who has lived since ancient times. That's why the Great Twilight Hall, the Church's headquarters, resembles the Giant King's Court... Could he be the Giant King's son? Did the God of Dawn survive the destruction of the king's court and, at some point, regain the authority once wielded by "His" father? Klein made a bold conjecture, but he had no evidence or clues to support it.

Applying the principle of correspondence, he looked at the wall opposite the mural. There was another mural there, but its central figure was no longer the God of Dawn Badheil. Instead, it depicted a female giant wearing a leather vest and a long skirt.

The female giant was shown in profile. Her facial contours were gentle, and her single vertical eye was focused on the area below. Long, dark brown hair fell all the way down her back.

Her right hand was open, holding wheat, fruit, and similar items. Golden fields, clear lakes, fruit-laden trees, and colorful mushrooms surrounded her.

Giant Queen, Goddess of Harvest Omebella? Klein looked around but saw no mural representing Giant King Aurmir.

There's no depiction of the ancient god because this is the residence of guards stationed in a remote area? Then, going outside should lead to the interior of the Giant King's Court... Klein cautiously walked to the door. Using the same method he had employed in the dream world of the battlefield of the gods, he activated Creeping Hunger and used a Zombie's strength to open it.

However, beyond the door was not the palace frozen in dusk that he had imagined. Instead, there was a gray, hazy world. It appeared to be a cliff overlooking a bottomless abyss.

Based on Miss Justice's previous experience, this is likely the boundary of the dream. The only way forward is to descend into Groselle's subconscious. Eventually, I'll reach the sea of collective subconscious... Miss Justice discovered a mind dragon in the sea of collective subconscious formed by the humans around her. Then, in this book's world, which was created by the Dragon of Imagination, what might its sea of collective subconscious contain? Klein's thoughts raced as he conjured a staircase leading down into the hazy world.

The staircase didn't descend in a straight line. Instead, it spiraled deep into the gray haze. Its end was nowhere to be seen, nor could any details of the mind world be discerned.

Chapter 720: Philosopher

After silently observing it for several seconds, Klein stepped onto the staircase and carefully began descending.

The surrounding light gradually dimmed, and a gray, hazy radiance enveloped the deathly silent world. As Klein continued down the stairs, he increasingly felt as though he had been locked inside a dark, silent room. Gradually, he could hear the blood rushing through his veins and the beating of his heart.

The latter quickened as uncontrollable panic and terror assailed him. Klein focused his mind and visualized layers of spherical lights, stabilizing his emotions and regaining his composure.

Beside him, a grayish-white cliff stood coldly, representing the domain of Groselle's consciousness. It was silent as though dead, but points of light occasionally shimmered within the surrounding grayness.

Klein focused his gaze and saw that one point of light contained the image of a giant tearing a human apart and stuffing the pieces into his mouth, as well as a terrified Groselle. At the time, the latter was less than three meters tall and clearly still an adolescent.

The point of light flashed past, replaced by the frozen dusk that blanketed the mountain peak. Time here seemed to slow to a crawl.

Klein was just about to search Groselle's subconscious for valuable information when he suddenly heard a sound resembling the panting of beasts.

With a whoosh, an enormous palm emerged from the surrounding haze. Its skin was grayish-blue and covered in signs of decay, with conspicuous yellowish-green liquid oozing from it as it rapidly grabbed for Klein's ankle.

Amid the panting, similar palms rose one after another from below the staircase, as though attempting to drag Klein's Spirit Body by force into the darkest and most unfathomable region of the mind world.

In an instant, the rotting palms formed a dense horde. They struggled upward while emitting dreadful, hair-raising pants, causing Klein to instinctively leap three steps higher.

However, the countless palms belonging to giant corpses didn't stop. They writhed along the staircase and surged upward, covering every inch of space.

Klein was about to reach out with his right hand, draw Death Knell, and use Purifying Bullets in conjunction with its Slaughter ability to eliminate the countless monsters when two questions suddenly flashed through his mind.

Where did these palms come from? Why would they exist in Groselle's subconscious?

The moment these thoughts arose, his spiritual perception was triggered. Klein came to a realization and immediately abandoned the idea of using Death Knell. He calmed his breathing and visualized the spherical lights.

The enormous, rotting palms seized this opportunity to reach his feet and grab his calves and ankles!

At that moment, they silently vanished as though they had never appeared.

Indeed, this is an illusion created by Groselle's subconscious. Here, minds don't merely confront each other; they influence each other as well. Without the corresponding Beyonder powers, the deeper one goes, the easier it is to suffer an emotional collapse. The other party's subconscious will gradually invade, severely contaminating one's Beyonder powers. As a result, one will become a mental patient who can never recover their rationality, and this might very well lead to losing control... This differs from communicating with spirits. Merely maintaining lucidity and reason can't prevent corruption, because one is already inside the target's Beyonder powers... Klein muttered inwardly, having gained a degree of understanding.

He hesitated for several seconds before turning around and climbing back up the stairs. He abandoned the attempt to venture deep into Groselle's mind world because he lacked the Beyonder powers needed to placate his own mind. Insisting on descending would be tantamount to suicide.

I'll explore it again after I find a mystical item suited to this purpose. Having made up his mind, Klein quickened his pace. Finally, with a leap, he returned to Groselle's dreamscape and the guards' quarters in the Giant King's Court.

He already felt exhausted, so he immediately left the dream. Passing through the walls of Groselle's smithy, he emerged outside and began observing the wonders of the book's world.

I've already met Groselle, Mobet, and Siatas. During casual conversations with others, I also heard about the devout priest Snowman and the philosopher Frunziar. However, there is no Anderson Hood, Edwina Edwards, Danitz, or Gehrman Sparrow... Therefore, do only the dead gain entirely new characters in the book? Or is it that only those who stayed here for an extended period, fully expressing themselves through their daily lives and adventures, have their subconscious copied? As Klein strolled down a street illuminated by the setting sun, he pondered a question he found crucial.

If the former theory was correct, with the dead being "revived" as new characters, Klein had nothing to worry about. However, if it was the latter, he needed to consider exploring the book less frequently and strictly limiting the duration of each visit.

There's no way to determine the truth for now. I'll handle the situation under the assumption that it's the latter. One can never be too cautious... Klein quickly made up his mind and was about to return above the gray fog.

At that moment, he spotted another familiar figure.

Black-haired and blue-eyed, Frunziar sat on a long wooden bench beside the street. He stared blankly at the sky, which appeared to be ablaze, as though lost in thought.

Recalling that he still had the Loen soldier's urn of ashes and planned to return it to the Church of Storms' cemetery in Backlund, Klein sighed inwardly, walked over, and sat beside him. As though engaging in casual conversation, he asked, "What are you thinking about?"

"I'm wondering who I am, where I came from, and how I can return..." Frunziar said dreamily without looking away.

Without waiting for Klein to ask another question, he shook his head and chuckled.

"I always feel that I don't belong here, that I'm not truly myself right now, and that somewhere is waiting for me to return.

"They always mock me for pondering such pointless questions, so they gave me the title of 'philosopher'..."

As he spoke, he looked at the setting sun and once again fell silent, entranced.

Klein said nothing. He sat there quietly, accompanying Frunziar as he watched the sunset. Finally, he silently vanished.

Frunziar didn't notice that the person beside him had already left. He remained seated and motionless like a marble statue, gazing into the distance.

After replenishing the ship's supplies, Alger Wilson ordered the Blue Avenger to leave the Resistance's private harbor. It wouldn't remain in the Rorsted Archipelago for long.

He had to return to Pasu Island and make his report by the appointed time.

At that moment, he stood in the captain's cabin, watching expectantly as items filled with spirituality and a burgeoning flame formed an illusory door.

It was the door of sacrifice, as well as the door of bestowment!

Amid an illusory creak, the mysterious door slowly opened, revealing limitless depth and darkness within.

Light shot out from inside before immediately converging. Once everything had settled, two items had appeared on the altar at some unknown point. As for the door covered in all kinds of strange symbols, it was gone.

Alger managed to compose himself and solemnly thanked Mr. Fool. He completed the ritual according to procedure before reaching out to pick up the two items.

One was a neatly folded piece of paper, while the other was a translucent jellyfish containing azure seawater.

Alger examined the latter and discovered that whirlwinds occasionally formed inside it, interspersed with flashes of lightning. From time to time, he could also hear a distant, stirring voice emanating from within.

This voice sounds like a woman's... Judging by this, the characteristic's former owner was a woman. Alger couldn't help sighing in relief. This meant that the person who had been killed wasn't some quasi-high-ranking member of the Church of Storms.

After all, the Church of Storms had no female high-ranking members, quasi or otherwise!

After putting away the Ocean Songster Beyonder characteristic, Alger unfolded the piece of paper. His gaze swept past the main ingredients, quickly passed over the supplementary ingredients, and finally stopped on the ritual.

To him, the main ingredients were unimportant now that he possessed a Beyonder characteristic. He could examine them later. As for the supplementary ingredients, they were fairly easy to find and didn't require much attention. The ritual was what mattered most.

Drink the potion inside an Obninsk's belly... Alger silently read the ritual's contents as the corresponding information rapidly surfaced in his mind.

Obninsks were ancient sea monsters capable of swallowing a sailboat whole. Each had an enormous, distorted body with as many as three heads and numerous tentacles tangled together. They were the protagonists of many maritime legends.

Most of these sea monsters had been tamed by the Church of Storms and remained within fixed territories. However, it was unknown whether they possessed intelligence approaching that of humans.

No wonder the Church controls Obninsks rather than other sea monsters... No wonder there are so many Beyonders of the Sailor pathway among pirates, yet very few reach Sequence 5. They either inherited the characteristic directly or are subordinates of the King of the Five Seas or Queen Mystic... Then, where can I find an Obninsk that doesn't belong to the Church... Alger frowned slightly as he contemplated how to advance without involving the Church of Storms.

His first thought was to contact Queen Mystic Bernadette through Admiral of Stars Cattleya. Through her, he could find an Obninsk that didn't belong to the Church of Storms. His second thought was that doing so would expose him to danger. After all, the relevant Obninsk was likely a servant of Queen Mystic and would report everything to its mistress.

Yes, that will be my last resort if there are no other options. Alger's thoughts raced, and another idea quickly occurred to him.

He could pray to Mr. Fool!

This reawakened existence secretly wielded the former authority of Sea God Kalvetua. "He" could command undersea creatures, allowing "Him" to know where to find Obninsks unaffiliated with any faction!

There's no need to rush. If I advance now, I won't be able to conceal it from the others because I lack sufficient control over the dissipation of spirituality. I can pray after making my report and leaving Pasu Island... Alger calmed down and memorized the Ocean Songster formula. Then, he moved the paper to the tip of the candle flame.

As he watched the flame consume the formula with increasing speed, Alger's gaze deepened.

After eliminating the remaining traces, his gaze landed on a nautical chart and fixed upon a particular location.

Bansy!

Alger planned to stop by Bansy while on his way to Pasu Island. He wanted to learn the harbor's present condition.

He had already shared the idea with his sailors, and no one objected. They were equally curious as to why Bansy Harbor had suddenly been destroyed and what it had become.

Chapter 721: Klein's Guidance

On the Future, Frank Lee rolled up his sleeves and twirled his fountain pen between his fingers as he wrote with a smile.

"My dear friend, Gehrman Sparrow, I have good news for you. I have successfully cultivated a new variety of mushroom using the flesh and blood of a Rose Bishop. As long as it has fish, it will keep growing. We'll no longer have to worry about not being able to eat mushrooms on long voyages. Furthermore, I crossbred it with beef, so it tastes excellent!

"Its only flaw is that I haven't found a way to make it catch fish by itself. External help is needed, but I don't think that's much of a problem. After all, based on what Nina said, it wouldn't corrupt the ocean. Well, let's just pretend she's right.

"I've mailed you some dried mushrooms. As long as you give them water and fish, they will immediately return to normal and reproduce on their own. I hope you will like my gift..."

After writing at length, Frank finally folded the letter and placed it in an envelope. He stuffed three dried mushrooms into it before gluing it shut.

After doing all of this, he took out the note Klein had given him, followed its instructions, and solemnly began preparing the ritual needed to summon the messenger.

This wasn't complicated for Frank, so it didn't take long for him to set up the altar and create a wall of spirituality.

Finally, he solemnly placed a Loen gold coin before the candle.

He lit the candle, softly chanted the incantation, and stared at the flame. He watched it swell as a headless woman walked out with four heads in hand.

Frank jumped in fright, then stared intently at Reinette Tinekerr's four identical, beautiful, blonde-haired, red-eyed heads and muttered, "How was it done?

"Why are they completely identical?

"If they're planted in soil, will more of them grow?"

The eyes of the four heads held by Reinette Tinekerr turned in different directions before all settling on Frank Lee's face.

Suddenly, the soil stored inside all kinds of vessels within the room flew out and piled before Frank.

Then Frank floated into the air, tumbling with a shocked expression. He was thrown straight into the pile of soil headfirst.

His dangling legs thrashed, but he was unable to pull himself out of the soil pile anytime soon.

Only then did two of Reinette Tinekerr's four heads stretch forward and bite down separately on the letter and the gold coin.

Only after she completely disappeared did Frank Lee finally find the leverage to wrench himself free of the soil and fall to the floor.

She's powerful... Frank sighed with lingering fear. Then he wiped the soil beside his mouth, bit into it, and chewed on it carefully before muttering to himself, "It's a bit sour..."

At that moment, Cattleya, who had just finished a sacrifice in her cabin, sensed something. Her dark purple eyes instinctively turned toward Frank Lee's room, and she vaguely saw a crudely made illusory doll.

The doll didn't have a head!

The scene flashed past, and Cattleya immediately closed her eyes. They burned, and tears streamed uncontrollably down her cheeks.

Her brows gradually knitted together as she muttered in disbelief, "Ancient Bane?"

After sending the Meteorite Crystal and Black-hunting Giant Lizard's spinal fluid to Miss Magician and Miss Justice, Klein returned to the real world. He lay down in a reclining chair and let it rock gently. He began considering where he would head to next.

With news of Gehrman Sparrow's sighting and the matter of Crazy Captain Connors Viktor, it's unlikely that the pirates will openly appear in Bayam for some time. They've either left the harbors or gone into hiding, making it difficult for others to find them.

In other words, there's no need for me to stay here. I can direct matters concerning the Resistance by responding as the Sea God or relaying instructions through Danitz.

Hmm, I'll head to the Seaweed Bar later. I'll get a fake identity, buy a scalped ticket, and head for Desi Bay's Conant City... That's not only the biggest harbor around here, but it's also Davy Raymond's hometown. I previously promised this Red Glove, when I released him from Creeping Hunger, that I would pay this beautiful bay city a visit and tell his daughter that revenge has been exacted. Yes, I'll also think of a way to return the Nightmare's Beyonder characteristic to the Church.

Heh heh, how hypocritical can people be? I'm planning on returning a Nightmare characteristic while planning to steal a Sealed Artifact from behind Saint Samuel Cathedral's Chanis Gate...

Shaking his head, Klein closed his eyes and slept to recover his Spirituality.

After an unknown period of time, he sensed something and opened his eyes. He quickly activated his Spirit Vision.

Then, he saw Reinette Tinekerr walk out of the void.

This messenger was wearing the same complicated black dress, with a letter clasped in one head's teeth.

Who mailed it? Danitz, Vice Admiral Iceberg, Frank, or Anderson?

Klein accepted the letter and nodded gratefully.

"Thank you."

He was always courteous to his powerful messenger of mysterious origins. He didn't wish to be strangled to death one day.

"Do you..." "Want to..." "Immediately..."

Reinette Tinekerr's four heads spoke one after another.

"Reply..."

Klein tore open the envelope, removed the letter, unfolded it, and began to read. Its contents alarmed him as he nearly forgot to reply to her. As for Reinette Tinekerr, she wasn't quick-tempered. She waited silently beside him.

One day, Frank Lee will destroy the world. He definitely needs to be controlled. I can't give him a chance to advance! Seriously, just how obsessed is this fellow with crossbreeding and creating all kinds of strange plants? Eh... the City of Silver is in need of food... A bold idea flashed through Klein's mind.

It was to direct Frank's research efforts towards varieties of food suitable for the City of Silver!

This way, cows, fish, mushrooms, Rose Bishops, the sea, and the world would be safe!

Klein hurriedly looked up and said to his messenger, "Yes, I'll immediately reply."

He immediately rose from the reclining chair, walked to the desk, took out pen and paper, and started writing quickly.

"I have a question. If you eat a mushroom variety you've created, then eat cooked fish and drink a cup of water, will it continue to reproduce?"

After writing this warning, Klein proceeded to the main point.

"Is it possible for you to create wheat that can grow without sunlight, or cows that can produce milk and meat simply by consuming monsters? That seems rather interesting!"

He continued along these lines and wrote a few paragraphs before folding the letter. He then handed it to Reinette Tinekerr and said as naturally as possible, "The postage will be paid by Frank."

"Let's hope..." "He..." "Isn't..." "Dead..." After the messenger's four heads said those words one after another, one of them bit down on the envelope.

Let's hope he isn't dead? Klein jumped in fright. Just as he was about to clarify the matter, Reinette Tinekerr had already entered the spirit world and disappeared.

After contemplating for two seconds, Klein wrote a divination statement and used his topaz pendant to confirm that Frank Lee was still alive.

He silently heaved a sigh of relief, packed up the dried mushrooms, and rubbed his temples before lying back in the reclining chair.

After dinner, at the Seaweed Bar.

Wearing an ordinary-looking face, Klein returned once more.

Unlike before, the customers in the bar were mainly mixed-bloods or natives who had darker skin and curly black hair. They were either part of the gangs in Bayam, or they were secretly working for the Resistance, or even both. There weren't many ordinary people, and the pirates from various countries who commonly frequented the place were all gone. Only a few people dressed as adventurers were drinking liquor and discussing rumors at sea.

Klein swept his gaze across the bar and found Deniel, who Danitz had mentioned. This thin local could provide him with fake identification documents and scalped ship tickets.

Without hesitation, he walked over.

"A second-class ticket to Conant for tomorrow, and an identification document."

Deniel looked up and glanced at him. After some thought, he said, "A total of 20 pounds."

Just a second-class ticket to Conant costs around nine pounds... However, scalped tickets are more expensive to begin with. Together with the forged identification documents, 20 pounds isn't too outrageous... Klein silently did the math before saying, "When can I get it?"

"In 45 minutes," Deniel replied like clockwork. "You can pay 5 pounds first, and then pay the rest after receiving the ticket and identification."

"Alright." Klein didn't haggle as he took out his wallet and pulled out five one-pound notes.

He wasn't worried that anyone would target his wallet, for it might mean that he would save the 20 pounds, or even get more.

Moments after Deniel checked the authenticity of the notes and was about to tell his subordinates to get to work, he suddenly realized that the bar was extremely silent!

Klein sensed it as well and instinctively looked toward the door.

There were two people there. One was wearing a formal tailcoat and a black trench coat, with brown hair neatly combed back. His eyes weren't big, but they were bright and piercing. He had a thin mustache around his mouth, giving him the air of a gentleman despite his slightly disheveled appearance. The other person wore an unusually styled hooded robe. His face was hidden in the shadows, making it impossible to identify him.

The sloppy gentleman scanned the area and was rather pleased with the crowd's reaction. A silver coin tumbled between his fingers as he walked towards Deniel. The hooded person followed behind him, taking something from his clothing and stuffing it into his mouth, producing crunching sounds.

The silver coin stopped moving when the sloppy gentleman came in front of Deniel. He said with a chuckle, "Prepare ten tickets to Pritz Harbor tomorrow for me. They need to be split between three different ships."

"Yes, Mr. Oder." Deniel hurriedly stood to reply.

Klein momentarily failed to recall who the sloppy gentleman tumbling the silver coin was. Only when he heard the name "Oder" did he find the man familiar.

As he was recalling, he saw the man in the hood take out a coffee-colored sweet before popping it into his mouth. He munched on it with a crunch.

After receiving an affirmative reply, Oder and the man didn't stay any longer. Amid the silence, they walked to the staircase and headed for the second floor of the bar.

Deniel exhaled as he turned his head to see Klein looking puzzled. He then said, "Oder. The adventurer, Oder, who serves the Dawn."

...I remember, Silver Coin Viper Oder! He's always claimed that he works for Queen Mystic, but no one could prove it. I can ask Ma'am Hermit later... The last I heard of him was at Damir Harbor. He was apparently mixing with Admiral of Blood's intelligence officer, Old Quinn... However, the latter has already been finished off by Mr. Hanged Man... Klein instantly recalled many things as he deliberated and asked, "What about the other one?"

"Who knows?" Deniel turned his head to instruct his subordinates as he got them to prepare some identification documents and the corresponding ship tickets.

Chapter 722: An Unpeaceful Night

As Silver Coin Viper Oder wasn't a pirate, there were all kinds of rumors about him, most of which could hardly be verified. Klein retracted his gaze from the staircase and walked to the bar counter. He found a seat at the counter and tapped it.

"A cup of Zarhar."

This was a locally produced malt beer. It was a lot cheaper than Southville beer that needed to be shipped over from the Northern Continent.

"3 pence." The bartender recovered from his silent state as he picked up an overturned cup.

The crowd in the bar began to break out into whispers as they were illuminated by the gas wall lamps. All of them were discussing the reason for Silver Coin Viper Oder's purchase of ten tickets.

"He's definitely being pursued by someone. Ten tickets among three ships... It's clearly to prevent his pursuers from knowing which ship they boarded!" A gang member with his sleeves rolled up, revealing his tattoo, shared his view based on his experience from evading capture twice.

An adventurer drinking Lanti Proof scoffed.

"You don't understand Oder. If his plan was that simple, he wouldn't have the title 'Silver Coin Viper.'

"I dare bet that he won't be on any of those liners from those ten tickets!

"The only thing I can confirm is that they're heading to Pritz Harbor."

Another adventurer shook his head when he heard that.

"Perhaps the news of him heading to Pritz Harbor is fake as well."

The gang member from before was taken aback by what he heard. Refusing to be one-upped, he said, "According to your descriptions, Oder has likely thought of what you figured out. That's precisely why he's heading to Pritz Harbor and will be on one of the three ships!"

The two adventurers were about to retort him, but they decided that there was quite a nonzero chance of that happening after some careful thought. Momentarily, none of them said a word.

This made the gang member extremely happy as he downed the rest of his liquor.

Klein was holding a cup of Zarhar as he sipped it while listening to the conversation. He was waiting for the fake identification and tickets he needed.

There's another 45 minutes. I hope nothing happens. Don't make the bar into a mess... He silently prayed as he drew the crimson moon inwardly.

The light-yellow beer slowly dropped in volume while Klein glanced from time to time at the wall clock or the entrance, hoping that time would pass faster.

Half an hour later, the door to the bar suddenly flew open with a loud thud as the evening wind gushed in.

No way... The corners of Klein's lips twitched as he held back his urge to smile wryly. He turned toward the sound.

Standing by the door were five people. Their leader had black hair and brown eyes, with deep-set features and a sharply defined face. He looked Loenese and looked to be in his early forties.

His expression was cold and he exuded a natural air of dominance. It made everyone in the bar fall silent without realizing it.

And the three men and the woman behind him were in trench coats. They didn't hide the fact that they were holding revolvers, and that they would instantly aim and shoot at the slightest sign of trouble.

I don't know them. They aren't on any wanted lists, nor do they have bounties on their heads... Klein mumbled to himself as he maintained his Spectator state.

The five intruders suddenly scattered as they came before different customers, bent their backs slightly, and looked at them before asking, "Where is Silver Coin Viper Oder?"

The customers were hesitant to give an answer when they saw the black muzzle pointed at them, along with the handle made of ivory and ebony which exuded a strange sense of beauty under the lights.

"T-they went to the second floor!" The customers who had been asked nearly pointed to the staircase in unison.

Someone is really pursuing Oder. This is an act against Queen Mystic, or has Silver Coin Viper done something himself? Or could it be because of the mysterious hooded man beside him who was eating sweets? Klein drank another mouthful of beer as he saw the intruders send four people up to the second floor. One was left behind to continue questioning the customers.

Soon, the latter grasped the situation of Oder's request to purchase tickets from Deniel. Immediately, the person walked straight to the thin and dark-skinned black marketer, and he asked in a heavy voice, "Tell me honestly. Where is Oder heading with those tickets?"

Deniel didn't put on airs despite his connections. He forced a smile and said, "He didn't make it clear. He requested ten tickets that are to be distributed across three different ships. The departure date is set for tomorrow with the destination being Pritz Harbor."

"For real?" The questioner was a fierce-looking man in his twenties.

Deniel softly replied, "You can ask anyone here. All of them heard it."

"Dogsh*t!" The man shoved Deniel angrily as he turned to walk towards the other customers.

Deniel staggered backward and was about to fall and strike his head against the edge of a tiny circular table when he suddenly felt a force steady his shoulder. Instantly, he regained his balance.

He subconsciously looked over and saw that it was the customer who had just requested to purchase a fake identity and scalped tickets.

"Thank you." Deniel then muttered through clenched teeth, "Those damned military hyenas!"

The person who had helped him was Klein. He didn't wish for anything to happen to this "ticket scalper"; after all, he had paid a deposit of 5 pounds.

Of course, helping the innocent was also a habit of his.

Military hyenas? In Bayam, this description often refers to people from MI9... What did Silver Coin Viper Oder do? Klein silently asked himself as he eliminated the possibility that someone was targeting Queen Mystic.

To the Loen military, it was meaningless.

As he was thinking, the MI9 members who had headed up to the second floor rushed down. As they ran, they said to their partner, "He has long fled through the window!"

The group of people came and went in a rush. Soon, the bar resumed its usual din, but the still gently wobbling main door proved that the earlier disturbance had been real.

Klein's wait for his fake identification documents and scalped ticket paid off. He didn't need to worry about any possible interruptions.

After paying the remaining 15 pounds, he left the Seaweed Bar and returned to the ordinary inn he stayed at.

John Yode... This name is way too simple, isn't it? Before I return to Backlund, I need to make a more realistic identification document. Klein flipped through the series of identification documents before throwing them inside his suitcase.

He took a bath and relaxed, preparing to leave Bayam the next day and begin the last stage of his sea "travels."

At this moment, he heard knocking at the door.

Who is it? Klein hurriedly took off his bathrobe, dressed, and walked to the door.

Outside were a few policemen in black. One of them looked Loenese, while the rest were either mixed-bloods or pure natives.

"What's the matter?" Klein asked, puzzled.

"Please show us some identification," a mixed-blood said politely since the gentleman in front of him was apparently a Loenese.

Thankfully, I just made one. Otherwise, I'll be spending the night at the police station, or I'd have to flee on the spot, change my looks, and redo everything... Klein mumbled as he returned to his room, and took out the identification documents.

The Loen police officer casually flipped through it as he said, "Mr. Yode, are you living alone?"

"Yes, everyone in the inn can vouch for me," Klein replied frankly.

The Loenese police officer revealed a smile and said, "Have you seen this person before?"

As he spoke, a constable beside him unfolded a portrait. On it was an elder who was abnormally thin with messy white hair. Apart from that, nothing stood out.

"No." Klein shook his head.

"He likes to eat sweets," the Loenese police officer added.

"Sweets..." Klein suddenly recalled the mysterious hooded man behind Silver Coin Viper Oder. He had been eating plenty of coffee-colored sweets in a short period of time.

After a short deliberation, Klein said without hiding anything, "Perhaps. Back when I was in the Seaweed Bar, I saw a man who loved eating sweets and was following Silver Coin Viper Oder."

The Loenese officer didn't hide his disappointment. After a simple word of thanks, he ended the questioning.

Only after the officer began knocking on the other guests' doors did Klein close the wooden door and return to the reclining chair.

Oder's matter has not only attracted MI9, but also prompted the governor-general's office to send personnel on a citywide search. This is quite something... he mused and decided to head above the gray fog to browse the prayer points of light around the Sea God Scepter. He could gain more information from the prayers of the believers in Bayam. He didn't wish to become embroiled in a massive maelstrom because of an ill-judged response.

After entering the bathroom, he went above the gray fog where he summoned the white bone scepter from the junk pile. Swirling around it were countless points of light.

As he browsed through each point of light, he determined that the questioning wasn't on a small scale. The target was Oder and the mysterious man, but he couldn't figure anything else out.

After some thought, he cast his gaze on a point of light that had been specially marked out by godhood.

It belonged to a mixed-blood policeman named Boulaya. He claimed to have endured the humiliation of outwardly changing his faith from the Sea God to the Lord of Storms so as to climb up the police ranks.

He was already a superintendent!

Then, Klein cast the Sea God's will into the corresponding point of light.

Boulaya, who was in the police station, assigning work to his subordinates suddenly broke out in a cold sweat. He hurriedly found an excuse to enter the washroom as he silently prayed.

"Blessed of the sea and spirit world, the great Kalvetua, your pious believer has something to report to you.

"The person we are specially searching for tonight is a very thin elder. His hair is completely white, but he has a full head of hair, though it's very messy. He's very afraid of the cold, and he wears thick clothing even in Bayam. He loves to eat sweets, as though he's a steam engine himself and sweets are high-quality coal. The higher-ups have informed us to find him, but not harm him."

Klein ignored Boulaya and reined in his thoughts as he tapped the side of the long table.

Compared to the portrait, such a description gives me a sense of familiarity.

It's like I've heard of it somewhere in the past...

To a Seer, a sense of familiarity meant a clue. Hence, Klein wrote a divination statement and began questioning his spirituality.

As he chanted the statement, he leaned back into the chair. He fell asleep with the aid of Cogitation.

In the gray and dark world, Klein found himself back in Backlund, back in 15 Minsk Street, which he had once rented.

In front of him was the red-eyed Ian. This teenage boy looked up and said, "Turani von Helmosuin, the greatest scientist after Emperor Roselle, a mathematician, a mechanist, and the father of the second generation difference engine."

Suddenly, Klein woke up and knew who MI9 was looking for!

They were searching for the great scientist who caused many deaths between the Loen military and the Intis spy organization solely because of a third-generation difference engine!

They were searching for the scientific eccentric who had mysteriously disappeared for years!

It's no wonder Admiral of Blood's intelligence officer, Old Quinn, had a modified radio transceiver that surpassed those in Backlund! Klein was instantly enlightened.

Chapter 723: Another Good Deed Today

After his thoughts wandered for a moment, Klein rubbed his temples and slowly composed himself. He realized the matter had little to do with him.

He had no desire to involve himself. He was indifferent to whether the Loen military found Turani von Helmosuin, because he lacked a sense of belonging to the Loen Kingdom. What he had done in the past was solely to ensure a stable society and that its citizens wouldn't suffer collateral harm. If possible, he didn't mind instigating a revolution to allow the poor to lead better lives.

I never expected myself to become more of an internationalist after coming to this world... He gave a self-deprecating laugh as he prepared to return to the real world and get some sleep. Under the cloak of darkness, he would allow the tempest outside to freely unleash its might.

At this moment, the largest item in the junk pile caught the corner of his eye--the radio transceiver.

Speaking of which, which faction is controlling Turani von Helmosuin? It won't matter much if it's people on Queen Mystic Bernadette's side. She's a strong believer of "do as you wish, but do no harm," so she wouldn't do anything overboard.

It would be bad if it's the Rose School of Thought represented by Admiral of Blood. Setting aside the suppressed temperance faction, as believers of the Chained God or Mother Tree of Desire, they're no less vile than the Aurora Order. Letting them grasp the most advanced technology available might bring about a disaster... Klein stopped wrapping his body in spirituality. He gently tapped the edge of the mottled table.

He soon had an idea: bring the radio transceiver back to the real world, adjust it to the correct frequency to see if he could receive the telegrams from Admiral of Blood's crew. Then, he could use the codebook he had to decipher the communications.

There will be a huge sweep of the city tonight. The matter must have reached a critical and delicate juncture. If they're the ones controlling Helmosuin, crucial telegrams might be exchanged... Since the governor-general's office, the Loen military, and the Church of Storms haven't attached importance to, or even embraced, this technology, it's the safest method. Therefore, Admiral of Blood and company might well not have changed the frequency and codes after Old Quinn's death... Anyway, I'll just give it a try. After some deliberation, Klein wasted no time returning to the real world and busily prepared a bestowment ritual.

After bringing the radio transceiver into his room, he didn't immediately use it. Instead, he used a ritual dagger and created a wall of spirituality to seal the room.

He was doing it to air out the gray fog's "smell!"

To him, there was actually no need to go through so much trouble to confirm the faction that controlled Helmosuin. He could've used the gray fog's aura to contact Arrodes and receive the answer. But the problem was that he had posed his questions recently, and the "smell" that frequently appeared might attract the notice of evil gods like the True Creator or the Primordial Demoness. It was extremely dangerous.

Therefore, Klein decided to play safe by relying on himself.

After about eight minutes, when the "airing" was almost complete, he dispelled the wall of spirituality and controlled the radio transceiver to begin his surveillance.

After an unknown period of time, the corresponding frequency received a transmission!

Klein held back the joy in his heart as he carefully took notes. Then, he flipped through the codebook which he had replicated using divination, and he began deciphering it.

Soon, he wrote a line on a note: "32 Black Pepper Avenue. 7 a.m. tomorrow."

Indeed, the people in control of Helmosuin are Admiral of Blood and company. There might be powerhouses from the Rose School of Thought involved... Klein immediately reached a conclusion.

He based this conclusion not on the content of the telegram, but on a simple inference from the existence of the telegram itself.

If Admiral of Blood and company were uninvolved, it was unlikely for them to send and receive telegrams involving Bayam's streets!

Does this telegram mean to gather at 32 Black Pepper Avenue before 7 a.m. tomorrow? Are Helmosuin and Silver Coin Viper Oder hiding there, reporting their location and a corresponding time to Admiral of Blood? Klein thought for a moment and immediately returned above the gray fog. With the intelligence he had just received, he wrote the divination statement: "Turani von Helmosuin's present location."

With the paper in hand, he leaned back into the chair and chanted the statement like a raving madman as he entered a dream with Cogitation.

In the gray, hazy world, he saw an underground hall with countless gas wall lamps.

Inside the hall was a massive, complicated machine. It was constructed from copper cylinders, operating levers, take-up levers, and countless gears. It took up nearly two-thirds of the space.

A thin elder with grizzled, disheveled hair wore a thick coat as he paced in front of the machine. From time to time, he would pop a sweet into his mouth and munch on it noisily.

"No, it shouldn't be called a difference engine. It's an adorable fellow who can analyze questions and calculate the answer based on a set of procedures. Yes, its name should be a calculator!" The elder kept muttering to himself as Klein's vision was pulled upwards and out the underground hall, arriving at the building above.

It was a three-story villa with a garden and lawn. Outside was a sign bearing its address, which read: "32 Black Pepper Avenue"!

He really is here... Klein opened his eyes as he silently exhaled.

Then he found himself at a loss over what to do next.

A scientist like him is useless to me. Instead, he's the source of countless problems. I can't just keep him above the gray fog. Therefore, there's no need for me to personally get involved and take him away... Hmm, hand over the news to the Loen military or the Church of Storms? This will effectively prevent the Rose School of Thought from obtaining any benefits, but there's a faction in the military that is likely related to the true culprit behind the Great Smog of Backlund. It's not a good thing to have Helmosuin fall into their hands... The Church of Storms is well known for being rash. A conflict might end up with the scientist meeting the deity he believes in... After some careful deliberation, he gradually had a bold idea.

It was to make the news public. He would make the existence and location of Turani von Helmosuin known to the Loen Kingdom military and the Churches. This could effectively ensure that the scientist's capabilities would be employed by the Loen Kingdom itself, and not any one faction!

The key is balance... Klein smiled as he muttered. He then beckoned with his hand for the Sea God Scepter.

In the past, he had to carefully "distribute fliers" across the city to make a matter public and known to all, but now, he had an even simpler and more effective method!

He selected a believer who happened to be praying, and then pulled his view back as the surrounding area spanning five kilometers entered his vision.

Then, with the Sea God Scepter, he seized control of the wind!

Once the wind calmed down, Klein's will sank into the scene as he changed his voice, saying with a low roar, "Helmosuin is at 32 Black Pepper Avenue!"

Whoosh!

In Bayam, the howl of the wind turned intense as it swept in every direction, bringing with it the deep, resonant voice.

"Helmosuin is at 32 Black Pepper Avenue!

"Helmosuin is at 32 Black Pepper Avenue!"

This voice soon spread across Bayam like a broadcast to the entire city.

Silver Coin Viper Oder was wearing a cloak, pretending to be Helmosuin. He hid himself in a crowded building in the slums, occasionally appearing to mislead MI9 and the governor-general's office's police officers.

Suddenly, a gale swept past as the voice sounded in his ears.

"Helmosuin is at 32 Black Pepper Avenue!"

... What? As the voice resounded, Oder froze in shock. Without noticing it, he fell from the top of the roof and nearly injured himself severely.

Behind the Cathedral of Waves, and in a small nearby building of the governor-general's office, Jahn Kottman and Robert Davis heard the voice in the wind.

Their first reaction was to look up at the sky before turning their gazes toward the borough containing Black Pepper Avenue.

Pleased with his broadcast, Klein threw the Sea God Scepter back into the junk pile and returned to the real world.

He wasn't in a rush to bring the radio transceiver back above the gray fog. Instead, he left it there as he continued monitoring the transmissions.

This way, even if there are powerhouses from the Rose School of Thought hidden in Bayam, they wouldn't dare appear. Heh heh, and regardless of who takes action, they'll have no choice but to "hand" it over to the country! Unfortunately, I don't have the habit of writing a diary like the emperor. Otherwise, I could write something like: I did another good deed today! Klein silently sighed, took off his coat, got into bed, and slept. He didn't care what was going to happen next, as it had nothing to do with him.

After sleeping for an unknown period of time, he suddenly woke up and sat up. Then came a knock at his door.

Who could it be? To knock in the middle of the night... I'm currently John Yode... Klein wore Creeping Hunger and took out Death Knell from under his pillow before coming to the door.

The visitor's appearance quickly surfaced in his mind. It was a thin elder with grizzled, disheveled hair. He was wearing a coat stuffed with cotton and a tweed overcoat. He was popping a coffee-colored sweet into his mouth.

Turani von Helmosuin!

Holy f*ck! Why is he here looking for me? I'm just the ordinary John Yode! Also, how did he evade a demigod's pursuit? Klein's first reaction was to tell the man that he had gotten the wrong person, but he held back and asked, "Who are you looking for?"

Helmosuin smiled weakly and said, "I noticed you when we were in the Seaweed Bar; however, I didn't have a chance to talk to you.

"Heh heh, my life is at its end, so I recently recalled many things.

"Please allow me to introduce myself. You can call me Orange Light Hilarion.

Orange Light Hilarion? Klein was taken aback before he asked in puzzlement, "Is there something?"

Helmosuin chuckled.

"I'm here to warn you. Be careful of the Mother Tree of Desire!"

He paused for a moment before saying, "Alright, I need to leave, and I'm about to die before returning to the spirit world.

"Do you have any enemies here?"

"Why do you ask?" Klein asked, confused.

Helmosuin coughed and said, "I can die silently on their doorstep.

That way, you would have your revenge."

Chapter 724: The True Meaning Behind the Warning

Upon hearing Helmosuin's reply, Klein couldn't help but feel the corner of his mouth twitch. He nearly froze on the spot.

My enemies aren't in Bayam... Even if you were to die at Sea King's doorstep, it wouldn't be of much use... He slowly drew a breath and didn't continue the topic. Instead, he asked, "Helmosuin, no--Mr. Hilarion, how did you notice me?"

You even came here before your death to specially warn me!

He had wondered the same thing about Arrodes and Reinette Tinekerr, but had never had a chance to ask them.

With the door between them, Helmosuin fell silent for two seconds. Then, he said with a smile in his voice, "You possess certain subtle, unique traits. They are no secret to high-level creatures of the spirit world. Such creatures can notice them as long as they come into close contact with you. After all, the gray fog representing the great ruler of the spirit world is above our heads. Deities with certain unique authorities or Beyonders who represent fate can also discover this to some extent. Of course, close contact is a prerequisite."

Gray fog... Although Orange Light's explanation and Arrodes's compliments are nearly identical, he is the first person I've met that mentioned the gray fog directly to my face! Therefore, the mysterious space is the divine kingdom above the spirit world left behind by the great ruler? Which Sequence 0 pathway is this? The deities who can discover that I'm augmented by the gray fog include the Mother Tree of Desire, so "She" was able to target me? Klein's thoughts bubbled like boiling water as all sorts of questions popped into his head.

Just as he was about to speak, Helmosuin continued, "In Yellow Light's prophecy, the great ruler above the spirit world is one of the variables of the apocalypse. However, I cannot be sure that you are equivalent to 'Him.' There are too many possible reasons for you to possess that unique trait; for example, you being 'His' Blessed, 'His' child, or 'His' chosen oracle, but none of them prevents me from expressing my friendship.

"Ahem. You know about Backlund's stock exchange, right? You're like a railway company that just got listed. You seem to have a bright future ahead. Some people will naturally regard you favorably and purchase a certain number of shares, but there will be no lack of people who are greedy. They wish to use other means to seize this company or obtain a controlling interest. I'm part of the former, while Mother Tree of Desire and even more powerful spirit world creatures are part of the latter.

Is that so... If it wasn't because the transmigrator, Emperor Roselle, who existed before me, had some level of interaction with the gray fog, and if I hadn't divined my origins in that mysterious space and received clear scenes of Earth, allowing me to recall even more of my memories, I would have suspected that I was the reincarnation of the great ruler above the spirit world... Taking everything into account from this experience, Emperor Roselle and I are more like the chosen oracles... The great ruler above the gray fog is equivalent to the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings? Klein couldn't help but form all kinds of conjectures as his mind was in a mess like a cat playing a ball of yarn.

He calmed his emotions and said, "Is there any way to hide this unique trait?"

"Become a demigod." Helmosuin suddenly coughed after answering. "Do you mind if I die at your doorstep?"

"Yes." Klein didn't wish to draw the attention of Sea King Jahn Kottman, Naval Admiral Robert Davis, and other demigods.

Helmosuin munched on his sweet and said, "Then, I'll have to leave immediately, or else there wouldn't be time.

"After you become a demigod and have the power to probe deep into the spirit world, we might have a chance of meeting."

Klein was silent for two seconds before saying, "Thank you for your warning, Mr. Hilarion."

Helmosuin didn't reply as he shuffled toward the staircase.

As he listened to the footsteps down the stairs, Klein focused. Suddenly, he had a certain theory about why Emperor Roselle had failed to enter despite discovering the existence of the gray fog.

He restored that silver plate which resulted in his transmigration long after he became a Beyonder. As for me, I was already an ordinary person when I attempted the luck enhancement ritual again... Also, Emperor Roselle chose the Savant pathway, while I took the Seer pathway. The mysterious space above the gray fog clearly provides substantial aid in divination.

Therefore, the prerequisites for entering the space above the gray fog are being an ordinary person or a Beyonder of the Seer pathway, as well as knowing the corresponding incantation, rituals, and symbols? The emperor's experiments came too late, and he had chosen the wrong pathway, so he naturally had no means of entering it.

Since the Seer, Apprentice, and Marauder pathways are considered neighboring pathways, perhaps the other two would work as well. Could this be the deeper reason why the emperor poignantly wrote in his diary that he should've chosen one of these three pathways? Apart from none of the three pathways having a Sequence 0, thereby preventing influence from the peak, could they also be the key to entering the gray fog?

As his thoughts churned, Klein placed this matter, which he couldn't confirm, at the back of his mind. He began considering Orange Light Hilarion's warning.

Be careful of the Mother Tree of Desire!

Due to the incident as Admiral Amyrius, Klein was rather wary of the Mother Tree of Desire. He had no choice but to change his identity and use his need to act as a pretext to hide for two months. Subsequently, he wasn't too willing to provoke Admiral of Blood and other members of the Rose School of Thought, afraid that he would fall into a trap.

Faced with the extreme danger lurking around him, a normal human's first thought was to resolve the matter. Klein was no different. However, the problem was that he had no solution.

The Mother Tree of Desire was suspected to be a Sequence 0 true god located in the astral world. Even if Klein jumped up, there was no way he could hit "Her" or defeat "Her." The faction "She" controlled, the Rose School of Thought, was an organization with quite a long history. It likely had angels presiding over it and had Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts. Otherwise, it could hardly have survived to this day with the Churches and all the secret organizations at odds with it. Therefore, even if Klein had plans of getting the help of Mr. Azik or other powerful figures, there was no way he could uproot the Rose School of Thought. It was even possible that they would encounter danger.

Due to these reasons, Klein could only hide and hope that he could successfully advance to Sequence 4 and become a demigod.

I've always been careful around the Mother Tree of Desire. Mr. Orange Light Hilarion didn't know that I once fell into the evil god's trap on Oravi Island?

Or did he specially come over to warn me that "She" would be doing something major soon?

Hmm... He was previously under Admiral of Blood's control, and Admiral of Blood is a member of the Rose School of Thought. He might very well know of something!

Klein was instantly alarmed. He didn't blindly believe that a Faceless transformation was enough to evade the Mother Tree of Desire's attention!

According to Orange Light Hilarion's explanation, "She" would be able to discover certain unique traits when in close proximity with me. This is something the Faceless Beyonder powers are unable to mask! "She" hasn't done anything in a while. Could it be that "She" is attempting to use this sensation to bestow something upon "Her" believers through some ritual or item, and that "She" is about to succeed soon? Klein slowly frowned as he felt that it was certainly a possibility.

This made him more eager to return to Backlund. In that huge city, even angels had to behave themselves, just like a particular Snake of Fate. The believers of the Mother Tree of Desire and the powerhouses of the Rose School of Thought were unable to act as they wished. All they could do was wait for an opportunity!

Phew... Klein exhaled and headed above the gray fog. He divined whether his life would be in danger soon.

This time, he received a negative answer--his life wouldn't be in danger.

However, Klein didn't relax as a result. He recalled that the Mother Tree of Desire's divination interference could penetrate the gray fog's shielding to a certain extent.

And very long ago, his spirituality had prevented him from divining the Werewolf Beyonder characteristic above the gray fog. This was because it might very well involve the Chained God, and the Chained God was suspected to be another manifestation of the Mother Tree of Desire.

Either nothing is happening and I'm overthinking matters, or the danger is already very close. That's why the Mother Tree of Desire took action to interfere... To be safe, I need to make preparations. Even if it's proven to be a false alarm, it's still better than being captured by the Rose School of Thought and taken away by the Mother Tree of Desire to do something unspeakable! Klein immediately returned to the real world and took out a pen and paper before quickly writing a letter. He started with, "Dear Mr. Azik."

Considering how the Underworld was inside the spirit world, that the demigods of the Death pathway were considered high-ranking spirit world creatures in a certain way, and that Mr. Azik might be able to see his unique trait after he recovered his memory, Klein was rather honest. He directly wrote about the entire conversation between Orange Light Hilarion's manifestation, Helmosuin the scientist. The only thing he left out was about the gray fog and the parts about the great existence above the gray fog.

Finally, he asked.

"Does Mr. Hilarion's warning imply that I'll suffer mortal danger from the Rose School of Thought?"

After he folded the letter and blew the copper whistle to summon the messenger, Klein still didn't feel sufficiently secure. He hurriedly took out the adventurer's harmonica and blew into it.

Silently, Reinette Tinekerr appeared before him. Each of the four heads with blonde hair and red eyes rotated and said, "There's no..." "Letter..."

"I have something to discuss with you." Klein forced a big smile. He handed over the gold coin he received from Anderson and said, "This is the fee for the summoning."

One of the heads Reinette Tinekerr held bit onto the gold coin. The two other heads that didn't get the chance to speak asked, "What is..." "It..."

"I might face a certain degree of danger soon. I wonder if it's possible to summon you for help." Klein tried his best to make his eyes look sincere.

The eight eyes on Reinette Tinekerr's four heads darted around as they said, "Yes..." "Pay..." "Ten Thousand..." "Gold coins..."

... Ten thousand gold coins. That's 10,000 pounds! Klein's mouth fell open as he said with a wry smile, "I don't have that much money."

Reinette Tinekerr's four heads spoke one after another.

"You..." "Can..." "Pay by..." "Installments..."

Installments... Klein was surprised that his messenger kept up with the times. After two seconds of shock, he said, "Alright."

Reinette Tinekerr didn't say anything else as her four heads nodded simultaneously before disappearing in front of Klein and returning to the spirit world.

Chapter 725: Morning

Upon seeing the messenger disappear, Klein thought of the demigods he could contact on short notice, but he realized that there weren't any. All he could do was turn his attention to what he should do next.

The city-wide broadcast must've prompted Sea King Jahn Kottman not only to find Helmosuin, but also to search his hardest for the Sea God and traces of his believers. It's easy to be detected if I leave in the middle of the night, so I can only choose to stay here until daybreak...

I can't take that ship tomorrow. If I encounter an attack midway, I might affect everyone on the ship. Furthermore, it isn't discreet enough.

Hmm... I can summon an undersea creature and leave by riding it. I can rest and switch rides on the deserted islands and reefs we encounter along the way until I arrive at the next port... Since Orange Light said that the unique trait can only be detected at close range, it still won't exceed the size of a city, even if the Mother Tree of Desire tries to expand her perception range to find me via a ritual or her believers. It might even be limited to the size of a particular street. This is also why I encountered a trap when I arrived in Oravi.

As long as I leave Bayam, I should be able to escape from their gaze...

While Klein's thoughts gradually turned clear, he suddenly heard a signal from the radio transceiver!

He hurriedly went over and quickly jotted it down. Then, with the codebook, he transcribed the corresponding words into a single sentence.

Before long, the telegram's content appeared in jet-black ink on the paper.

"I see you."

I see you... When Klein read those words, he felt a chill run through his heart.

Bayam, in an ordinary residence not far from the governor-general's office.

In a spacious basement, candles burned silently, scattering their dim glow across the surroundings.

Silver Coin Viper Oder had already taken off his hooded robe. He trembled as he looked at the middle-aged man opposite him. He said with a quivering voice, "Lord Senor, I don't know how Helmosuin's real hiding place became known to others."

Senor wore an old triangular hat. His eye sockets were recessed, and his face was shockingly pale. He looked more like an evil spirit than a human. He raised his hand to stroke the two black mustaches above his lips as his light brown eyes swept coldly across Oder's face. In response, the well-known adventurer couldn't help but lower his head.

After observing him for a few seconds, Admiral of Blood, in his white trousers and red coat, said with a deep voice, "Less than three minutes after that telegram was sent, it was spread across the entire city. And the message spread was part of the telegram.

"I suspect that another faction has begun monitoring radio transmissions and obtained our codebook from Old Quinn."

"Yes, yes. It has to be the case!" Oder hurriedly echoed, hoping that Admiral of Blood wouldn't blame the loss of Helmosuin on his incompetence.

He knew very well that this pirate admiral was cruel to subordinates who made mistakes!

Senor swept his gaze at Oder and sneered.

"Regardless, you failed.

"If not for you and your mistress giving me so much pleasure, I would've gotten you to dig out your intestines!

"Send a telegram. Tell that listener who might or might not exist that I can see him. Let him spend the night in horror and unease. This is the only thing you need to do now."

Upon hearing that, Oder immediately heaved a sigh of relief. He glanced at Admiral of Blood in trepidation and the bloody altar behind him before reverently replying, "Yes, Lord Senor!"

He felt that he would've become part of the sacrificial items just moments ago.

After Oder withdrew from the basement, Senor turned his head to look at the altar covered with human heads, organs, limbs, and blood. He said with even greater reverence than Oder had shown him, "Lord Shanks, has the ritual succeeded?"

"Yes. All that's left is to wait for God to respond." A cold, unfeeling voice sounded from the drooping curtains around the altar.

Then, the curtains seemed to possess life as they rolled up on both sides, smoothly forming a knot before landing in the middle of the altar.

A somewhat translucent figure had appeared beside the altar at some point. His skin was slightly brown, and his wrinkles formed deep crevices. His thinning white hair was like leaves in autumn, as though he had lived for countless years.

He humbly fixed his gaze on the candlelight with his brown eyes.

Senor didn't dare say a word as he stood beside Lord Shanks, waiting for a change to the altar.

Suddenly, the candle's flame was dyed with all kinds of colors. Each color seemed to correspond to the different desires of an observer.

The heads, organs, limbs, and blood on the altar moved by themselves as they stacked up together, taking on the shape of a melting candle.

Before long, they formed a Tree of Flesh and Blood that wasn't too tall. Its surface was uneven, resembling the shell of a walnut.

Plop! Plop! Plop!

The interior of the Tree of Flesh and Blood seemed to have a heart beating powerfully.

When Senor was about to succumb to the din, the Tree of Flesh and Blood instantly withered, rotting into sludge and collapsing.

There was a tiny, flesh-colored, moist, sticky ball left behind.

Soon, the tiny ball grew four limbs and a head, turning into a palm-sized humanoid creature.

Its face didn't have any eyes, nose, or ears, other than a pinhole-like mouth.

In its mouth, grayish-white fog spewed out before converging back in. It repeated several times without stopping.

The elder named Shanks devoutly and passionately chanted the name "Mother Tree of Desire," and reached out to grab the strange tiny figure.

Silently, all the candle flames were extinguished, but this did nothing to hinder the night vision of a Wraith.

Senor observed Shanks and heard this important person say in a deep voice, "We've prepared for a long time for this ritual, and God's grace can help us sense the existence of the target across a wider range.

"Next, we can use the spectacles made by the Life School of Thought to accurately locate him!"

As he spoke, Shanks took out a monocle from his inner pocket. It didn't look any different from a normal monocle, but it coruscated with a pearly white luster in the darkness.

"Lord Shanks, what should we do next?" Senor asked respectfully.

The wrinkled Shanks thought for a few seconds and said, "Seek out the target after daybreak.

"If he has powerful helpers, we will monitor him and prevent him from leaving our detection range. Then, patiently await Lord Suah's arrival.

"If he doesn't have any guardians and is weak himself, then we shall take action directly."

After hearing the name "Suah," the corners of Senor's forehead twitched as though the mere mention of this important figure left him apprehensive.

He slowly took a deep breath and said, "Yes, Lord Shanks!"

After answering, Senor instinctively touched the necklace by his chest.

The necklace seemed to be made of pure silver, and the pendant looked like an ancient coin.

Klein, who didn't get much sleep for the rest of the night due to the fright from receiving the telegram, immediately sacrificed his suitcase, wallet, and most of his cash to the mysterious space above the gray fog at daybreak.

After clearing away his tracks, he went to the front desk to check out. He rode a carriage to the outskirts of Bayam, left the city, and climbed the mountain as though he was heading for a cemetery prepared for locals.

Midway through his journey, he suddenly took a detour into the woods and planned on walking straight to the cliffs where a massive undersea creature was waiting underneath for him!

The birds chirped and the insects buzzed in the woods as critters would occasionally scuttle by. Klein walked through the humus-covered ground at high speed.

Along the way, he saw mushrooms growing after the rain, torn cloth, and rubbish which the Bayam residents had left behind after a picnic. Everything seemed so serene in the fresh morning air.

A leaf fluttered down as Klein didn't stop and easily dodged it.

At that moment, the leaf suddenly accelerated and made an astonishing turn, clinging to the area between his lips and nose.

It was like an adult's palm that clasped his mouth and nose tightly, making it impossible for him to breathe.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

Branches broke from the surrounding trees and shot at Klein like sharp arrows.

And the rubbish left from the picnic came to life. They formed an airtight net as they loomed over him!

Chapter 726: Preparations Are Very Important

Suddenly, Klein had a familiar feeling. It felt like every tree, every leaf, every rock, every blade of grass wanted him dead.

Upon seeing the rubbish composed of fragments and paper lunge at him in a strange web, his body suddenly collapsed into a paper figurine.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

The arrow-like branches impaled the paper figurines and flew into the distance. As for the strange net, it immediately enveloped everything within into a ball as it gently squirmed.

Klein's body appeared to the side about eight meters away. He knew that the attack he had feared had finally come.

He neither paused to observe nor hesitated. Raising his right palm, he reached into his pocket and pulled out the adventurer's harmonica.

The situation he had encountered had made him realize that the attacker was likely a demigod from the Rose School of Thought. It was an enemy he was currently unable to withstand!

The one who had been pursuing Sharron back then gave him a similar feeling!

At this moment, the paper figurines in his pocket suddenly flew out as they plastered over his face, one after another, layer after layer!

At the same time, Klein's sleeves automatically tightened as they bound both his arms, preventing his palms from reaching down.

His Taraba shirt and brown jacket tightened around him like the embrace of a bear!

In seconds, he was bound on the spot by his clothes, trousers, and shoes. His face was covered with paper figurines, as his ribs were on the brink of fracturing. He found it abnormally difficult to breathe.

Klein was mentally prepared and possessed extensive combat experience, so he didn't panic. His right thumb and middle finger, which weren't affected, touched each other as he snapped his fingers.

At his thigh, scarlet flames immediately soared up, burning the tightly bound trousers clean before spreading upwards and downwards.

Seizing this opportunity, Klein bent his knees and jumped up with great difficulty, like a cannonball that lost momentum moments after launch, as he lunged to his right.

In midair, he snapped his fingers again. This time, the sleeve at his right elbow was ignited!

As for the spot where he was originally standing, the green weeds suddenly withered as the blackened ground suddenly turned white as if it had been weathered by the elements.

This attack was silent and deadly, without any forewarning. Klein knew that his enemy was powerful and that staying in the same spot would likely result in him suffering an attack he couldn't resist; therefore, he first removed the influence on his legs. If he hadn't done so, he would've already been heavily injured and lost his ability to fight. He might've even perished.

With a smacking sound, two spots around Klein's sleeves ignited. His right palm finally had the freedom to move as he reached into his pocket and grabbed the adventurer's harmonica.

Plop!

He fell to the ground, rolling as he immediately braced himself with his right hand and sprang up. His left hand, which wore a human-skinned glove snapped its fingers.

This time, his target was the paper figurines that were plastered over his face to prevent him from breathing.

Pa!

The paper figurines burned up as the scarlet tongues of fire burned Klein's hair.

At that moment, a scene suddenly flashed in his mind.

An icicle had formed and was speeding right for his head like a thin gloomy-green arrow!

Due to its speed, its translucence would ordinarily have made it impossible to detect!

But even though Klein's danger premonition was triggered, it was a little too late. This was because his clothes were still affecting his mobility. It was too late for him to dodge the attack.

A thought flashed through his mind as he barely managed to arch his back, bending his upper body backward and sharply to the right.

Oof!

The thin, cold ice arrow struck his left chest, instantly shattering the brown jacket and white round-collar shirt there, sending scraps flying through the air.

However, this lethal ice arrow advanced no farther. Standing in its path was a book with a dark brown cover.

The book appeared ordinary, and it was bound in ordinary yellowish-brown goatskin, but it didn't shatter like the two pieces of clothing. It wasn't even punctured.

Groselle's Travels!

This was an item that even the Sea God Scepter's Lightning Storm imbued with some powers of the mysterious space had failed to damage!

Last night, the telegram of "I see you" gave Klein such a fright that he undoubtedly reinforced his protective countermeasures.

He prepared every method he could think of!

Apart from hiding the book at his vital spot, his other pocket held the iron cigar case containing an item corrupted by the True Creator. Once things went bad, he would dispel the wall of spirituality, throw out the item, and see if it would draw the attention of the True Creator. He hoped that "He" would send his powerful subordinates to make the situation more chaotic.

He knew that even evil gods like the True Creator hated the Mother Tree of Desire!

After withstanding the ice arrow, Klein fell to the ground while somersaulting to the side. He then brought the adventurer's harmonica to his lips and blew hard into it.

At that moment, his face was turning a little black due to the burning of the paper figurines, but thanks to Flame Controlling, he wasn't injured.

Then, he felt that the clothes on his left arm, waist, thighs, neck, and legs returned to normal, giving him newfound freedom.

The moment he blew the harmonica, he quickly activated his Spirit Vision. He saw Miss Messenger walk out of the void with four blonde, red-eyed heads in hand. They automatically turned and stared at the same spot.

One of the heads grunted as it opened its mouth and began drawing in air.

A cold wind hummed as a figure was forcibly pulled out from a green tree a hundred meters away from Klein.

This figure failed to maintain his difficult-to-detect state as he rapidly turned half transparent and half corporeal.

He was the wrinkled elder with white, thin hair. His facial features had the traits of the people of the Southern Continent. Just as his brown eyes reflected Reinette Tinekerr, his brows pricked up. Then, he didn't hesitate to open his mouth as though he was about to utter a terrible curse that he had been preparing for a long time.

At this moment, another one of the heads that Reinette Tinekerr was holding had opened its mouth as well, as though it was making a silent screech.

At once, all sound vanished from the forest.

When Shanks saw this, he hurriedly turned his head to look at Klein who before Klein could react, and a figure with white, thin hair and exaggerated wrinkles appeared in his eyes!

His mind instantly turned cold. Although his thoughts weren't impeded, he had lost control over his body. All he could do was watch the white-haired elder vanish as he turned to face Miss Messenger.

The two heads which Reinette Tinekerr carried suddenly flew out and appeared before Klein. One of them opened its mouth as it drew in air, while the other's red eyes turned dark as its teeth turned long and sharp, phasing between an incorporeal and corporeal state.

Klein saw the translucent elder with white, thin hair being forcefully pulled out from his body before Miss Messenger's head with the long teeth that bit at his shoulder, tearing out an object that appeared both like a Spirit Body and a physical body.

Shanks frowned without screaming. His figure abruptly vanished as it leaped to a spot with a glass fragment a hundred meters away.

Following that, he seemed to be pursued by formless hands and enemies. He kept phasing into shallow puddles of water, the eyes of animals, the dew on plants, etc. Finally, he was able to catch a breather, Yet Klein still felt a little stiff and cold from the inside out.

Phew... Shanks entered the spirit world and walked out again. In his hand was a moist, sticky, palm-sized doll.

This figure's face only had a hole as it was inhaling and exhaling a grayish-white fog which Klein found familiar.

Shanks didn't hesitate as he stuffed the doll into his mouth.

Upon seeing this, Reinette Tinekerr's other two heads left her palm, and like before, flew towards Shanks at a fast speed, arriving nearly instantly.

However, Shanks had already begun transforming.

His body turned black as his skin scrunched up and water began seeping out. His hair, brows, and other parts began withering and dropping. Following that, his limbs grew long and thin.

In just a second, Shanks seemed to be assimilated by the doll, becoming a huge, black, moist infant with four long limbs and swollen shriveled skin!

His eyes, nose, mouth, and ears moved from their original locations to the middle of his face as though they were gathering together to form a strange new organ.

His skin, limbs, and newly formed organ conveyed an indescribable sense of mystery and wickedness. A single glance made Klein's body, which had only just recovered from the chill, itch unbearably. Red spots protruded from his skin as a result of the clumps of fine granules.

A piercing pain stabbed through his eyes. He instinctively closed them tight as tears were forced out.

By the time he calmed himself with Cogitation and opened his eyes again, he realized that Miss Messenger and the Rose School of Thought's demigod had vanished.

However, Klein's spiritual intuition told him that they were nearby. They were in an intense battle shuttling between the real world and the spirit world. Every falling leaf, trembling weed, crawling worm, and fleeing beast marked one of their clashes.

As his mind whirred, Klein took out Death Knell and tapped his left thumb on the first segment of his index finger twice.

Countless illusory thin threads appeared in his eyes, making him see objects that usually couldn't be seen with his normal vision or Spirit Vision.

Two blobs were flying around him, and the dense black bundles of threads that entangled with each other were Reinette Tinekerr and the Rose School of Thought's demigod!

Apart from these, Klein also discovered that a blob of illusory black threads was rapidly approaching him. It would stop from time to time, so as to avoid the intense battle between the two demigods.

There's another enemy? An enemy who was hiding in the distance awaiting the results, but hasn't decided to participate in the battle? Anyways, anyone who's stealthily approaching in such a situation must be an enemy! Klein's eyes moved slightly as he cocked the Death Knell and lowered it naturally preparing it for a Lethal Attack.

Then, he pretended as though he hadn't detected the bundle of illusory black threads, stuffed his left palm into his pocket, and grabbed a gold coin. He made it tumble between his fingers as though he was in a divination state.

He was doing this to disrupt the approacher's spiritual intuition of danger!

After losing his paper figurines, this was the only method he had.

After patiently waiting for two seconds, when the other party was within shooting range, Klein's eyes turned solemn as he suddenly raised his right hand, aimed, and pulled the trigger!

Chapter 727: Lucky One

Thud!

The black revolver with the slightly long barrel recoiled backward as a pale golden beam shot out, heading straight for the spot where the target was about to reach.

However, the illusory black threads suddenly stopped as though they were observing something.

From his condition, it didn't appear like he had sensed the arrival of danger, but he had been distracted by something else.

A grayish-white rabbit leaped out of the thick grass and fled far away as the tree standing in front of the blob of illusory black threads collapsed due to the gunshot.

At roughly a person's height, a gigantic and irregular hole and raging pure flames appeared in the tree trunk, directly splitting it from the middle!

Death Knell's might was equivalent to a small-caliber cannon, and its penetrating powers were even more potent!

The blob of dense, illusory black threads was clearly startled as it instinctively disappeared from where it was, appearing on the surface of a nearby puddle of water.

Inevitably, his figure was outlined--he had a pale face with deep recessed eye sockets and light brown eyes. He looked to be in his forties, had a double mustache above his lips, and wore an old triangular hat.

Klein was no stranger to the man, as his bounty notice often appeared before his eyes. Piece by piece, they assembled into a clear image: Admiral of Blood Senor!

In Loen alone, his bounty was worth 42,000 pounds!

He had long infiltrated Bayam! Was it to take away Turani von Helmosuin? After this scientist passed away due to being discovered, he joined the Rose School of Thought's mission to target me? I seem to have an additional weakness, but before it's triggered, I've no way of knowing what it is... As his thoughts raced, Klein saw Senor's figure disappear once again.

However, the traces of Admiral of Blood's existence were rather obvious. His mass of illusory black threads was like a firefly in the darkness. It wasn't difficult to identify him at all.

The blob of illusory black threads circled around him with the aid of the morning dew, glass fragments, and water puddles that had frozen for some reason. Jumping again and again from one medium to another, the gap between the two soon narrowed.

Klein didn't wait on the spot. Instead, he quickly moved but only slightly shifted his position so as to prevent the Rose School of Thought demigod, who was engaged in an intense battle, from catching him in a stray attack.

Senor's performance made him understand one thing: A Wraith's ability to possess someone to directly control their body required the Wraith to enter a certain range. Previously, although the Rose School of Thought demigod was able to accomplish it from farther away, he hadn't done so, perhaps out of contempt or for fear of any accidents.

It could be confirmed that Senor was a Sequence 5 Wraith! Klein kept changing his location, and he awaited the opportunity when the distance between them was more suitable.

Just as Admiral of Blood's speed slowed down slightly, and he was about to possess his target from a distance, Klein's left glove suddenly turned deep black, as though it was formed layer by layer by pure particles.

Following that, he said a word filled with foulness, a word that came from the Devil language:

"Slow!"

Senor had sensed it and changed his position before Klein could even open his mouth. But everything within an eight-meter radius came to a halt. His evasive maneuver had failed.

It was an area-of-effect attack!

Senor's figure suddenly slowed. He once again outlined his figure in the real world as Klein raised his iron-black revolver, cocked it, and set the target in his sights.

With Death Knell, he saw that Senor's body was covered with all kinds of colors that indicated his weakness wasn't at his head, but slightly above his throat.

Without any hesitation or delay, Klein pulled the trigger.

Lethal attack!

At that moment, a blob of illusory black threads moved to Senor's side and pulled at him.

Admiral of Blood immediately moved diagonally as the golden bullet grazed past his neck, striking a boulder and shattering it.

A golden flame burst from Senor's neck, jerking his head upward as he opened his mouth.

A piercing Shriek erupted and tore into Klein's ears, causing his mind to hum as his body froze momentarily.

Formless souls had gathered around Senor at some point before mixing with cold winds. From the sky and from the ground, they surged towards the enemy.

In each of Klein's eyes, a pale-looking man with a red coat and triangular hat quickly appeared and took form.

Pa!

Klein snapped his fingers as his body was instantly enveloped by scarlet flames.

He disappeared from his location before the Wraith was able to possess him!

And under a tree that was less than ten meters away, weeds burst into flames as the flames grew bigger and they soared into the sky.

Klein nimbly leaped from it and raised Death Knell again. He aimed at the spot where he had just been standing, and he injected more than twice the normal amount of Spirituality into the gun.

Slaughter!

Thud!

He pulled the trigger as a golden bullet split into countless shrapnel and, with a sacred flame, swept to the area at which the muzzle was aimed. The formless specters and souls seemed to be swept away by a solar hurricane as they failed to resist and were ignited amid screams.

Senor knew that a counterattack was coming once his possession attempt didn't succeed. He immediately flashed into a nearby glass fragment in an attempt to evade the incoming shot, but the bullet hurricane brought about by Slaughter covered a wide area that included that glass fragment!

Amidst a huge boom, golden flames struck the sides of the glass without hitting it. With only burn injuries, Senor leaped to another mirror surface and appeared on the surface of a rolling drop of dew a distance away. His body had a rotting wound thanks to the purification powers, but it wasn't anything serious.

There's no way he's that lucky, right? Indeed, Senor has a mystical item that makes himself lucky... There are only three Purifying Bullets left... Klein frowned as he agilely ran over as though he was in pursuit.

As he knew that he was facing members of the Rose School of Thought, he had changed all the Beyonder bullets in his revolver to Purifying Bullets that targeted Wraiths and Zombies. There were a total of six bullets, and now, he had already shot thrice!

In the first shot, Senor was saved by a rabbit that suddenly leaped out. In the second shot, he was yanked away by the Rose School of Thought's demigod who happened to come beside him. On the third shot, he happened to be in a gap between the fragments of the Slaughter hurricane, preventing him from suffering too much damage. Klein found this level of luck completely unacceptable!

However, Klein didn't wallow in depression. Instead, he turned back into Gehrman Sparrow's appearance and build. This would let him immediately throw a bunch of Sea God domain charms to create a certain commotion once things went south, so as to attract the attention of Sea King Jahn Kottman who was in Bayam City.

If this Sequence 3 demigod were to arrive, he would be facing a Rose School of Thought demigod, a hostile pirate admiral, and an adventurer with a mysterious background who had certain ties with the military. It was quite obvious who he would deal with first.

As for Miss Messenger, Klein believed that she could escape into the spirit world in time and was free to choose whether to participate in the battle royale or leave.

The reason why Klein didn't escape in the middle of the night after receiving the telegram last night was that Sea King gave him a sense of security.

If he were to leave alone, he would definitely be noticed and captured by the Church of Storms. He would be interrogated, making the subsequent developments unpredictable.

If he were to stay in his room and await the person who "saw him" to attack, he had a chance of struggling until he reached the streets, allowing Sea King to notice it.

Faced with an evil operative who was at least a demigod and a Sequence 5 adventurer who was rumored to have ties with the military, there was no doubt that Jahn Kottman would first deal with the Rose School of Thought member. And as a Cardinal of the Church of Storms and a high-ranking deacon of the Mandated Punishers, he could use various Sealed Artifacts of the diocese. He could last a moment, even if he faced an angel. At the same time, with military reinforcements, there was a chance for Klein to escape to the sea during the chaos and leave via whale!

To his regret, the night remained peaceful after he received the telegram. And once day broke, Sea King would find it difficult to monitor the entire city.

Pa!

Klein snapped his fingers again, igniting the surrounding trees. They resembled blooming fireworks around him as they exuded an inexplicable sense of beauty.

The reason why he had chosen to pass through the forest to head for the cliff was because this was a place that was suitable for a Magician's performance!

His figure flashed through the flames as he circled around Senor, avoiding his approach and control. And having learned from his previous experiences, Senor knew that his target had an area-of-effect attack and a devastating blow. He didn't dare stay too close to him, and he would pull away and create a gap once he missed an attack. Otherwise, he would use a Wraith's Shriek to affect his target or use his pale green fingers to aim at his target. Unfortunately, the latter could only extinguish flames and wither vegetation. There was no way to pinpoint Klein's location.

Seeing how the fireworks-like flames were the biggest barrier to his attacks, Senor stopped and let out the deafening Shriek which would also damage a Spirit Body.

Amidst the Shriek, the icy-blue halo beneath his feet rapidly expanded, covering the mud, randomly strewn weeds, and scattered rocks with a layer of ice.

The flames sizzled, producing wisps of mist before being extinguished by the frost.

Klein was influenced by the Wraith's Shriek, causing his Flaming Jump to be one step too slow. He ended up failing--his figure materialized midway as his feet stumbled.

Then, he saw illusory skulls swirling with black gas rush at him, bringing with them the strong smell of death, as though an envoy from the Underworld had arrived!

At that instant, Klein didn't seem like he could dodge. However, a light blue fireball emanating the smell of sulfur suddenly condensed before him.

His glove remained black as it remained in its Devil state!

With a thumping sound, the fireball was extinguished as the illusory skulls shattered and scattered to the ground, creating lifeless patches.

Right on the heels of that, Klein steadied his body and took out the iron cigar case from his pocket. He threw it at Admiral of Blood Senor as his glove turned noble and sinister at some point.

Baron of Corruption, Bribe!

Chapter 728: Triple Combo

Senor obviously wasn't going to bet that the item thrown by his opponent didn't pose a threat. He immediately dodged far away, allowing the iron cigar case which was sealed by a wall of spirituality to fall to the ground.

Then, he opened his mouth once again and produced a Shriek.

A roar that seemed to come from the depths of his own Spirit Body made Klein experience excruciating pain in his head. Even though he often suffered from the ravings of existences like the True Creator and Mr. Door, and was fairly resistant to such attacks, it was impossible not to pause momentarily. He felt his nose burning as though a capillary had burst.

However, with his resistance combined with Bribe, the effects were reduced. It made his momentary pause only last for an instant, and this was something Senor had no way of knowing.

Therefore, Klein pretended as though he hadn't recovered as he feigned weakness, waiting for the enemy to fall into his trap.

In an ordinary battle, a Wraith could jump through mirror-like media, making its destination impossible to predict. Even if Klein created flames and repeatedly used them to phase, he couldn't remain within five meters of his opponent, and any significant displacement would momentarily disrupt his control of the Spirit Body Threads.

To overcome this, he planned to take a small risk and lure his opponent into a trap, so as to quickly end the battle and escape to the cliff.

Seeing his target appear dazed due to the repeated Shrieks, Senor didn't hesitate to deepen his aura.

Admiral of Blood's shrunken figure rapidly appeared in Klein's eyes in an abnormally clear manner.

This wasn't a reflection of the world, but two tiny figures seemingly coming to life in his eyes!

When the Wraith's possession was nearly complete, Klein, with his tattered and charred clothes, unhurriedly extended his left palm as though he was gesturing "please" as a polite gentleman.

Creeping Hunger maintained its sinister and noble blackness as it forcefully distorted Admiral of Blood's target.

Due to the Freezing halo from before, there was frost and crystals everywhere around them. All of them were equivalent to a mirror surface!

On the thin ice, Senor with his triangular hat had appeared there, with a bewildered expression.

At that moment, Creeping Hunger switched to a deep black state as Klein said a word filled with foulness, a word that came from the Devil language:

Slow!

Just as he was about to use the mirror surfaces to phase away, Senor instantly froze. His figure involuntarily outlined itself as his body turned extremely rigid. His attempts had failed.

As there was no way to repeatedly use Slow, Klein made his left glove turn pale as it was tinged with a slightly dark green color.

Zombie!

The frost sealing the ground intensified and rapidly spread to Senor, climbing from his toes until it turned him into a complete ice sculpture.

With his knowledge that Wraiths had a very strong resistance to the cold, Klein didn't let his guard down or waste any time. He made Creeping Hunger transform as if it was gilded.

The illusory black threads in his eyes were hidden away as two blinding silver bolts of lightning shot out from the innermost depths of his eyes.

Interrogator's Psychic Piercing!

Under ordinary circumstances, Senor's fusion of spirit and flesh meant he wouldn't be significantly affected. He could even cause the attack to backfire on his opponent. However, having just recovered from Slow, he found himself sealed in ice. He could only endure the formless bolt targeting his Spirit Body!

He felt as though a twisting blade had pierced his mind. The pain spread through his body as he temporarily lost all reason.

By the time he regained his lucidity and prepared to make continuous leaps to open up a distance, the cold adventurer opposite him opened his mouth once again.

Slow!

Dogsh*t... Senor's actions turned sluggish and impeded once again. Then, as expected, he suffered from the two follow-up attacks of Ice Stun and Psychic Piercing.

When he barely escaped again, the black-haired, brown-eyed Gehrman Sparrow opened his mouth a third time with a deadpan expression.

Slow!

Senor was enraged as he despaired before finding himself stuck in a perpetual cycle.

Klein, having pinned his opponent in place three times, began to control his opponent's Spirit Body Threads.

In fact, the most effective solution for when his opponent was unable to escape was to take the opportunity to use Death Knell to deliver two or three Lethal Attacks. But his past failures had told him that his enemy had a mystical item that granted him good luck. An overly direct and lethal shot might very well lead to an accident, resulting in some undesirable effects.

It was precisely because of this that he decided to proceed methodically by controlling Admiral of Blood's Spirit Body Threads!

Time quickly passed. As Klein ran around Senor to dodge the possible attacks from the Rose School of Thought demigod, he controlled Senor's Spirit Body Threads, and he slowly approached the point of initial control.

Three seconds! Two seconds! One second!

Senor's thoughts instantly turned sluggish as though every part of his body was rusting.

Klein no longer had the strength to use Creeping Hunger again. He continued deepening his control as he began walking at a measured pace.

No... I... can't... let... this... continue... Thoughts slowly moved through Senor's mind as a translucent icicle condensed in front of him.

It was dyed with a gloomy green as though it was paying homage to the surrounding forest.

As for Klein, who had witnessed his opponent's succession of sluggish movements, he unhurriedly retracted his left hand and took out Groselle's Travels from his chest and braced himself.

Sou!

The icicle finally shot out, seemingly heading for Klein's chest, but it suddenly changed directions midway as it flew diagonally upwards!

This change should have produced a sudden lethal blow, but as Senor's thoughts had been slowed down significantly, the "order" received by the icicle came only when it was almost reaching Klein. This made the sudden change too late to catch Klein by surprise as he shifted Groselle's Travels and easily blocked the attack.

Senor's expression turned pale again. After a few seconds of thought, he slowly opened his mouth in an attempt to let out a Wraith's Shriek.

Having already prepared himself, Klein spoke first:

"Bang!"

An Air Bullet quickly shot out and struck Senor in the mouth, snapping his head back and knocking out several teeth. The Shriek lodged in his throat.

Seeing the control deepen and how Senor's resistance was crumbling bit by bit, to the point of losing his reason and launching a barrage of attacks like a lunatic, Klein suddenly felt a surge of joy.

At that moment, a shrill, sharp infant's cry resounded in the woods.

Lumps protruded all over Klein's body as he dropped Groselle's Travels from his hand. His head felt as though it was being clasped tightly by an invisible hand, making him momentarily lose all awareness of his surroundings, including the Spirit Body Threads. His control over Senor broke as a result.

About a hundred meters away, the enormous black, swollen, and wrinkled infant that looked as though it had burst from the water escaped its illusory state and returned to reality.

His limbs were long and thin, and there was only an irregular hole on his face. Circling the hole were gnashing teeth.

At that moment, Shanks's body bore another deep, conspicuous wound. It pierced the black, swollen skin from front to back, causing putrid blackish-green liquid to gush out.

After this Rose School of Thought demigod appeared, he stopped dodging or escaping. He began screaming like crazy, letting out infantile screams. It made Klein and Senor fall into a painful stupor. Even their bodies showed signs of losing control.

The four blonde, red-eyed heads were thrown into the void as they opened their mouths and let out a soundless Shriek, silencing the terrifying cries.

Reinette Tinekerr and Shanks engaged in another round of combat, phasing between the spirit world and reality from time to time as they shuttled between leaves, weeds, insect eggs, ice crystals, and thorns.

Senor and Klein stood in their spots in a stupor. They tried their best to recover from the effects of the infantile cry.

In this respect, Senor believed that, as a Wraith, he had an unsurpassable advantage. The corners of his lips subconsciously curled up a little.

He had already figured out what to do with his opponent once he recovered.

But at that moment, the eyes of the adventurer who was in tattered clothes while exuding a cold demeanor had turned lucid!

It had only been a second since the infantile cry had ended!

Klein, who was experienced in this, quickly recovered as he realized that Senor was still in a dazed and impeded state.

An opportunity! His mind stirred, but he didn't attempt a long-distance attack which left too much room for accidents. Instead, he chose to control Senor's Spirit Body Threads which took more time. He tapped his right foot as his figure dashed towards his opponent like a panther.

His left glove was dark, and when it moved backward, it condensed in a manner that resembled a blade, forming a gigantic weapon of lava and flame.

Desire Apostle, Sword of Lava!

Bam!

Klein's body flashed past Senor's left side as the searing sword swept across his chest and lodged halfway through.

The light-blue flames ignited Senor, but aside from suffering damage to his body, he didn't lose his life. However, the pain left him yelling incessantly.

After the two brushed past each other, Klein immediately abandoned the Sword of Lava. He took a step to his left and turned around, facing Admiral of Blood's back. He raised the iron-black Death Knell to his opponent's head.

He didn't use Lethal Attack, and simply pulled the trigger!

With a bang, his body suddenly shook a little. This was because the spot he had stepped onto proved to be a hole. Hence, Death Knell slipped downward, and the golden bullet had hit the side of Senor's neck.

Blood tainted with a dark-green tinge spewed out. Admiral of Blood had lost nearly half his neck as he fell forward. He fainted, but he remained alive.

Klein was just about to add another shot when the sky suddenly darkened. An arm suddenly reached out!

The arm was ten meters long, and it had a black sticky surface with strange protrusions. They were either skulls, erected eyeballs, or barbed tongues. The moment it appeared, it made the entire forest shake.

All the leaves withered as every insect stiffened and died. All the beasts either collapsed, paralyzed, or began biting themselves madly until their bodies bled!

Klein's danger premonition reached its limit. He hurriedly closed his eyes, lunged forward, and did a roll. He grabbed Groselle's Travels and held it in front of his face!

Chapter 729: Chaos

The entire forest was withering as though an entity that was bringing about destruction to everything was about to descend.

Just as the arm was about to fully extend, a thick bolt of silver lightning struck down from nowhere, illuminating the entire mountain. The sizzling sounds chained together as a cage spoken of only in myth enclosed the black sticky arm.

Dark clouds quickly converged together in the sky, forming brows and a mouth, as though a face was hidden within!

In Bayam City, the tremendous commotion drew the attention of Sea King Jahn Kottman. He didn't hesitate to take action as he ordered the Mandated Punishers to activate the corresponding Sealed Artifacts.

Reinette Tinekerr's figure was forced out of the void, but her complicated black dress didn't seem crumpled at all.

She raised her left hand as two of the blonde, red-eyed heads flew back and settled upon her severed neck. The remaining two continued engaging in combat with the black, swollen, and wrinkled infant.

When the cut at her neck began to wriggle, the corresponding wounds joined. Her figure instantly burgeoned to the size of a gothic castle. Patterns, vines, and accessories appeared on the surface, interweaving into a mysterious, sinister sight that couldn't be viewed directly.

Klein closed his eyes tight as he placed Groselle's Travels in front of his face, injecting his spirituality into it, but he was unable to eliminate all the effects inflicted upon him. His body quivered as granules continued to protrude from his body.

And only at this moment did he confirm that the side effect of using Death Knell was a fear of the dark.

For the next six hours, he wouldn't suffer any more weaknesses.

Thankfully, the fear is impossible to overcome completely, but it doesn't mean that I'm unable to resist for a short period of time... Klein desperately closed his eyes as tears kept rolling down his cheeks.

He didn't spend time considering this problem, because the situation had become both extremely dangerous and utterly chaotic.

The entity descending seems to be stronger than Sea King. It's likely an angel, but "His" condition doesn't seem especially good either. "He" didn't directly appear, instead using the spirit world to attack...

Is it because "He" can't rush here in time and could only consider using this method? Thankfully, I received a warning from Orange Light; otherwise, the results would be unthinkable if this situation drags on! As Klein's thoughts flashed through his mind, his first reaction was to take the opportunity to flee and put a safe distance between himself and the battle.

However, he knew that hastily retreating without any preparations was equally dangerous.

If the Rose School of Thought's angel abandons the attack and retracts "His" arm, Sea King Jahn Kottman wouldn't have any reason to embroil himself in a pursuit. This is because he isn't facing a saint he might hope to detain. This way, Miss Messenger, Reinette Tinekerr, would find it difficult to stop this entity. I might be pursued again when the time comes! I have to cause more trouble for "Him," making "Him" temporarily unable to leave. I'll take this opportunity to escape the waters around Blue Mountain Island! As his thoughts churned, Klein followed his emergency plans, took out Groselle's Travels, stuffed Death Knell inside, and made a few rolls before arriving next to the iron cigar case.

He stabbed a finger into it, dispelling the wall of spirituality and opening the case, then threw Tinder, corrupted by the True Creator, into the air toward the source of the danger!

Right on the heels of that, Klein used Groselle's Travels to shield the top of his head, opened his eyes, and took out a whistle.

This wasn't Azik's copper whistle, but the Numinous Episcopate copper whistle which he had obtained from a mysticism enthusiast in Backlund. It originated from a resurrected Numinous Episcopate member.

Back then, Klein had made a divination about the copper whistle, and he received a revelation that sending a message would be extremely dangerous!

At that moment, he decided to allow "extreme danger" to meet "extreme danger," so as to create an even more chaotic situation that benefited him!

He quickly put the copper whistle to his mouth and blew into it. Then, he activated his Spirit Vision without daring to look up. A skull with three lifeless eyes emerged. Around it were black appendage-like tentacles.

Without any hesitation, Klein handed over a white feather left behind by the resurrected Numinous Episcopate member to the messenger.

He didn't wait for the messenger to disappear as he immediately tensed his muscles, swung his arm, and threw the copper whistle into the air where the source of danger was.

With that done, he put away the iron cigar case, did another roll, and bounced up as he rushed straight for the cliff. During this process, he kept his head down and kept changing position. He didn't dare to look at the scene happening above him, nor did he dare to stay any longer.

When he passed by the spot where Admiral of Blood Senor should've been lying unconscious, Klein's gaze suddenly froze. He was alarmed to find that he had vanished!

In that chaotic situation with no one helping him, this Wraith, who had suffered immense damage and could no longer maintain his Spirit Body state, had vanished!

Klein paused as he swept his gaze. He saw that ahead of him were a few drops of splattered dark red blood that coruscated with a dark-green tint. This was the very place where Groselle's Travels had previously dropped!

No way... A few drops of Admiral of Blood's blood fell onto the book's cover? This sucked him in? Klein frowned, as he didn't think it was a good thing.

He was afraid that the angel and saint that the Mother Tree of Desire had sent might enlist the aid of Admiral of Blood from within Groselle's Travels to pursue him!

However, it was impossible for him to abandon the book. Without it, Klein didn't believe that he was lucky enough to dodge all the stray blasts and unknown shrapnel which could fall from the sky at any moment.

I'll resolve this latent risk by entering with my Spirit Body after I escape! As a few thoughts rose up in his mind, Klein dug the tip of his foot into the ground as he ran, flinging up the soil stained with Senor's blood, then reached out and caught a handful.

This was used to locate Admiral of Blood later!

Tap! Tap! Tap!

Klein ran in a weaving path, holding Groselle's Travels over his head, making adjustments from time to time based on his premonition of danger.

The book blocked the random bolts of lightning or showers of corrosive rock, and it shielded him from a terrifying gaze that was cast over. With the book, Klein successfully broke free of the lifeless forest and came to the edge of a cliff.

At this moment, the surroundings turned dark. It wasn't the kind of darkness before a storm, nor was it a result of a moonless or starless night. It was a dead silence that reeked of decay.

Ravings sounded from different distances and in different pitches, as though something seemed to be slowly breathing in the air.

Klein, who was afraid of the dark, trembled. He didn't dare to look at what was happening above him. All he noticed was a few white feathers stained with yellowish oil spiraling down to the ground nearby when there was a flash of lightning.

He strode forward with his right foot as he jumped off the cliff and plummeted straight down. He fell out of the darkness and could see light.

Then, he dropped into a mouth that had been waiting for him for a long time.

The mouth didn't have any teeth as it immediately closed and sank to the bottom of the sea. As they had agreed beforehand, it headed for a reef beyond Blue Mountain Island as quickly as possible.

This was a gigantic undersea creature with sixteen fins on its back.

In the darkness, Klein instinctively wanted to curl into a ball and tremble helplessly, but he barely suppressed his emotions and took out a Priest of Light Beyonder characteristic he had prepared to deal with Wraiths.

He had obtained it through the glove.

Pure light emanated from the translucent stone-like object as it drove away Klein's fear.

He was just about to consider whether he should wait for the outcome, or if he should attempt something, when he suddenly felt the back of his palm become itchy.

He hurriedly looked down and saw his pores widen as they sprouted fine white hairs.

These fine hairs rapidly grew and looked like feathers!

Klein immediately felt his entire body itch!

The fellow that was attracted by the copper whistle is really very dangerous! Klein was rather experienced. He immediately stood up and took four steps counterclockwise while chanting the incantation in the undersea creature's mouth.

His Spirit Body once again tore through the grayish-white amid endless ravings and roars as blackish-green gases streamed out of his body.

Returning to the palace that looked like a giant's residence, Klein observed his Spirit Body once again, and he discovered that it had returned to normal. There weren't any of the blackish-green gases, nor were there any white feathers.

Phew, it's effective... He exhaled and immediately returned to the real world.

With the illumination from the Priest of Light Beyonder characteristic, Klein saw that the white feathers on the back of his hands remained, but they had lost the ability to continue growing. Faint signs remained in other parts of his body, but they weren't obvious.

Yes, I should be able to resolve the remaining problems once Mr. Azik arrives. Klein heaved a sigh of relief and drew the crimson moon on his chest. He prayed for the Goddess's blessing, and that Mr. Azik would arrive quickly.

At this moment, Reinette Tinekerr's figure appeared before him.

Miss Messenger had three heads attached to her neck while she held one in her hand. Compared to before, she appeared more lively.

She reached out with her left palm and grabbed Klein's shoulder, and she pulled him directly into the spirit world as they quickly traveled through it.

Amidst brilliant, layered colors, Klein felt somewhat dizzy before he returned to reality and realized that he was on a reef.

Reinette Tinekerr's four heads swept the area and said, "Already..." "Safe..." "Remember..." "To pay..." "Next time..."

With that, she vanished as though she had something more important to do.

You could do that... I should've just gotten Miss Messenger to bring me away using such a method... However, her present state doesn't seem especially good either. This must be a form and method she seldom uses... As Klein reflected over the matter, he placed the Priest of Light Beyonder characteristic into his pocket, and he kept Groselle's Travels at hand.

Just as he was about to survey his surroundings to figure out where he was, another arm reached out and grabbed his shoulder.

Klein jumped in fright as he hurriedly turned his head, only to discover that Mr. Azik had arrived.

Azik grabbed his shoulder and pulled him into the spirit world once again. They rapidly moved through the brilliant, layered colors.

... Actually, I'm already safe... The corners of Klein's mouth twitched, but he didn't say those words.

Chapter 730: Handling the Latent Risk

On a mountain outside Bayam City, a forest buried beneath a half-collapsed cliff had lost all vitality.

A tall, stocky middle-aged man with deep blue hair wore a Storm priest's robe as he hovered in the air, overlooking the area. Burning rage was evident in his eyes.

He was none other than a Cardinal of the Church of Storms, Archbishop of the Rorsted Sea, high-ranking deacon of the Mandated Punishers, Sea King Jahn Kottman.

At that moment, the recent battle was still fresh in Kottman's mind. He recalled how every participant had withdrawn.

The angel from the Rose School of Thought had used a particular method to transfer "His" power from a great distance. After "He" failed to achieve "His" objectives, "He" quite easily carried away "His" heavily injured partner, and no one could make "Him" stay, aside from the strange monster that appeared out of nowhere. Jahn Kottman vividly remembered that when the angel retracted "His" arm, it had scattered white feathers on the black, sticky arm. They grew from inconceivable places: the crowns of skulls, the insides of upright eyes. And all of this was because the Rose School of Thought's angel was dodging the glove with the True Creator's aura while using some of "His" strength to shatter what seemed like an ordinary copper whistle.

Shortly after the sinister and strange spirit world creature engaged in battle with the angel, it voluntarily retreated into the depths of the spirit world, preventing Jahn Kottman from pursuing it.

The Aurora Order saint who had opened a Door of Teleportation didn't participate in the battle. After observing the situation in confusion, he picked up the glove with the True Creator's aura, and he opened the door to leave before the battle ended.

The strange monster summoned by the copper whistle had no fixed form. "He" was like the manifestation of death itself, a mist that filled the surroundings and bore countless feathers stained yellow. "His" target was obvious--the angel of the Rose School of Thought. When the latter escaped, "He" also vanished from the area as though pursuing "His" target. Even so, Jahn Kottman, who had brought a Sealed Artifact from the city and rushed here, still felt uneasy. It felt as though he had suddenly leaped forward on his long journey toward death.

The only person without any godhood had fled the scene before Jahn Kottman arrived, and he was nowhere to be found.

However, Jahn Kottman recognized him.

He was an adventurer who had killed a Sequence 5 Desire Apostle, making him important enough for his information to reach Sea King's desk!

Although this wasn't something that he needed to pay great attention to, Jahn Kottman, who had once been a Seafarer, still remembered the relevant information.

He cast his gaze towards the cliff and looked down at the crashing waves as he muttered a name: "Gehrman Sparrow!"

On an island in unknown waters, Klein's and Azik's figures rapidly took shape on the shore.

Klein was just about to speak when the hat-wearing, bronze-skinned Azik's eyes suddenly turned dark, as though they were connected to a silent and dark world.

He grasped at the air with his right hand, and all the undeveloped white feathers flew out and curled into a bundle, landing in his palm.

With a gentle squeeze, all the strange feathers vanished as though they had turned into food for the silent world in his eyes.

"Mr. Azik, this was brought about by that Numinous Episcopate whistle." Klein identified the cause before explaining in detail. "The situation was somewhat pressing, and to make the situation even more chaotic, I blew that copper whistle and gave that feather to the messenger. Then, an aura resembling the Underworld descended. I didn't stay, and I immediately left the area, but I still had these feathers on my body."

Azik, with his soft facial features, nodded gently and said, "I sensed it from afar.

"It shouldn't be an ordinary High-Sequence Beyonder. I suspect that it's a byproduct of the Numinous Episcopate's Artificial Death Project."

Is that so... So it succeeded in holding back that Rose School of Thought angel? Klein thought with delight.

Azik looked around and continued, "I still have matters requiring my attention. This might awaken more of my memories.

"When all of that is done, I'll look for you again to claim that ring left behind by ancient Death. I have a feeling that I might need to make a trip to the Berserk Sea or the Southern Continent.

"It's best if you head over to large cities like Backlund or Trier. In those places, the forces the Rose School of Thought can deploy are very limited. They wouldn't dare to act rashly. Of course, it's best that you choose places like Pasu Island where major Churches have their headquarters, but this will bring about another type of danger."

Azik's last sentence was a joke, just like an ordinary Loen gentleman. The experiences of his present life seemed to leave a deep impression on him. Regardless of how many memories he recovered, he still showed clear signs of his old self.

When memories are retained, the time span of decades shouldn't have much of an influence on the time span of millennia, but after complete memory loss, two to three decades is enough to remold a person... After Mr. Azik completely recovers his memories, will his many different lives result in him having different personalities? What a profound question. I'll let Miss Justice consider it later and seek advice from the Psychology Alchemists... As Klein was thinking, he secretly heaved a sigh of relief when he realized that Mr. Azik wasn't delving into why he had a conflict with the Rose School of Thought. Instead, he asked, "Mr. Azik, do you know anything about the Mother Tree of Desire?"

Azik shook his head.

"I didn't even know of 'Her' existence before you sent me the letter."

You didn't know the Mother Tree of Desire? Klein was taken aback as he instead asked, "Then what about the Chained God?"

Azik shook his head again as he said with a smiling sigh, "In ancient times, 'She' or 'They' might have had other names."

That's right. Mr. Azik began the cycle of losing and recovering his memories at the end of the Fourth Epoch. He kept wandering the Northern Continent, while the Rose School of Thought was born in the early Fifth Epoch in the Southern Continent... Klein nodded and didn't ask further. And since Azik had matters requiring his attention, he gave a few words of advice before taking him through the spirit world until he arrived at a particular beach on the Northern Continent's eastern shore.

With Mr. Azik gone, Klein looked at the seawater that kept surging towards the shore for a few seconds. He wasn't in a rush to head for the nearby city; instead, he found an uninhabited cave, set up a simple ritual, and created a wall of spirituality. He sacrificed Creeping Hunger, Death Knell, Azik's copper whistle, Groselle's Travels, and the soil with Senor's blood to the mysterious space above the gray fog.

Then, he walked four steps counterclockwise and entered the mysterious space. He took the seat which belonged to The Fool, and he summoned a metal bottle.

As it was stored above the gray fog, the remaining blood in the tiny bottle didn't coagulate. After putting on his glove and stowing the other items, Klein poured out a few drops and smeared them over the dark brown cover of Groselle's Travels.

Eh... Why hasn't a brand-new story begun from the start with a new character added... Klein looked at the book that didn't change its name as he suddenly felt puzzled.

Before he had the time to think, his vision turned into a blur, as though there were countless translucent creatures hidden around him.

Everything soon turned clear, and Klein found himself sitting on a long wooden chair along the street.

This was where he had departed from previously.

There's a saving function? Klein joked inwardly as he took out the mud stained with Senor's blood then snapped off a tree branch to perform a divination.

Following the result, he walked out of the city, entered a nearby forest, and found the unconscious Admiral of Blood beside a small stream.

At this moment, only about ten minutes had passed since the battle.

The terrible wounds on Senor's neck, chest, and abdomen were contracting and appeared to have recovered significantly. Such a level of vitality was far beyond a human's.

In another fifteen to thirty minutes, Admiral of Blood would likely wake up, and in another one to two hours, his mobility would be restored.

This was a Zombie, a Wraith!

You had a chance of being rescued by your organization's angel and demigod, but your blood happened to splatter onto Groselle's Travels, making you a prisoner of this book and giving me enough time to handle you... Of course, this also let you avoid the stray attacks from the battle between demigods, preventing you from dying immediately. I've no idea if you'd call this good luck or bad... Klein mused as he observed Senor. Grasping Death Knell in one hand, he reached toward Senor's neck with the other and removed the necklace made of pure silver.

The necklace had a matching pendant resembling an ancient coin. Both sides were filled with mysterious patterns and esoteric symbols, as well as words carved in ancient Hermes: "You will be as unlucky as you are lucky now."

This is the mystical item that increases Admiral of Blood's luck? Unfortunately, even a demigod can't enhance my luck, so I doubt it can... I can sell it for money, or I could ask Miss Messenger if I can use this to make a partial payment... Klein wasn't in a hurry to take the necklace as he placed it on the stone beside him.

He was afraid that there were unknown side effects that might affect the things he was about to do.

Then, Klein focused as he controlled Admiral of Blood's Spirit Body Threads.

He wanted to make his first marionette for long-term use, so as to deduce the principles of a Marionettist.

Furthermore, no marionette was more convenient to bring around than a Wraith!

One second, two seconds, three seconds... In just ten seconds, Klein achieved initial control.

Senor's spiritual intuition sensed the danger as his body showed obvious signs of struggling, but he was unable to wake up due to his heavy injuries and sluggish thoughts.

Time ticked by, and by the fourth minute, Klein didn't hide his sigh of relief.

At that moment, Admiral of Blood Senor opened his eyes, rolled to his feet, and faced him. In one fluid series of movements, he pressed his chest and bowed.

"Good morning, sir. How may I be of service?"

Chapter 731: Gains

Illusory black threads extended from Senor's body into Klein's hands. Each pulse of spirituality elicited a different response.

In fact, there was no need to use both hands when controlling the Spirit Body Threads. Klein was just accustomed to doing so, as it gave him a feeling like he was truly controlling a puppet.

It seems that other Marionettists can discover each other's marionettes. Senor's abnormality can't be hidden from their eyes, so I have to be careful about this. Klein concluded the problems he discovered, and he quickly turned his attention back to Senor.

This Admiral of Blood was dead. His Spirit Body had become a vessel for the marionette, losing any traits that belonged to him. Therefore, many divination methods were ineffective against him.

Of course, methods to seek his corpse were still effective. Klein planned on "cleansing" the Wraith in the gray fog before using Paper Angels to envelop the mirror-like objects that he had possessed before placing him into a cigar case that was sealed by a wall of spirituality, along with Azik's copper whistle. This created a three-layered interference effect.

This way, Klein believed that, even if the Rose School of Thought angel wished to, it was impossible to use divination to lock onto his position via Admiral of Blood.

As for whether the Mother Tree of Desire had left any "backdoors" in Senor's body, he wasn't too worried. This was because if that really happened, "She" could've mutated Senor during the demigod battle royale in order to deal with him. Based on the situation back then, there was a guaranteed chance of success.

Mother Tree of Desire, or should I say, the Chained God, strictly controls its organization's members. It relies on a vow contract and other methods that are ingrained into the soul. This can be inferred from Miss Sharron's descriptions and my interaction with the corresponding characteristics...

As long as I don't attempt to use Admiral of Blood to divine the secrets of the Rose School of Thought or the potion formula of the Mutant pathway, I wouldn't trigger any problems. The Werewolf Beyonder characteristic has remained normal despite being above the gray fog for so long...

Besides, there's still the gray fog "cleansing" process. If there are any latent problems, it should be washed out... Klein thought for a while and took out Azik's copper whistle from inside his body.

He turned his right wrist, angling the less ornate side toward the sunlight so that it reflected the light.

Senor's figure immediately appeared on the copper whistle, rapidly becoming clear.

Admiral of Blood in front of Klein suddenly vanished as a result.

Perhaps the Mother Tree of Desire can use the vow contract and other methods to vaguely lock on, but that doesn't matter. "She" can sense the gray fog's unique trait on me anyway, and "She" will sense me once I'm within range... Besides, this marionette might be destroyed at any time when I use it as a shield... Klein was like a jobless tramp who was debt-laden. He felt that there was almost nothing he was afraid of.

Of course, he really was debt-ridden.

As long as I advance to a demigod and can hide my unique trait, it's fine losing marionettes... Klein surveyed the area as he bent his back to pick up the silver necklace. He took four steps counterclockwise while chanting the incantation softly.

This time, he hadn't entered via summoning his Spirit Body, so he couldn't directly return.

Grayish-white fog quickly spread as hysterical ravings and roars echoed for an eternity. Azik's copper whistle didn't react abnormally, which meant that there weren't any latent problems with Admiral of Blood.

Sitting at the end of the bronze table, Klein placed Azik's copper whistle in front of him, making Senor, who was dressed in a dark red coat and old triangular hat, appear. He was like a butler awaiting his master's orders.

"Do you have any other items on you?" Klein asked, as though Admiral of Blood was still alive.

This was his attempt to act as a Marionettist!

Afterward, he controlled Senor, made him rummage through every pocket as he subsequently took out 325 pounds, 16 soli, and 8 pence in cash. There were also 13 gold coins.

Apart from that, perhaps due to his frequent act of transforming into a Wraith state, Senor didn't carry anything else on him.

How poor... For a pirate admiral, you don't even have a single mystical item? Did you hand it over to the Rose School of Thought or your subordinates? Klein seriously considered claiming Admiral of Blood's bounty through the black market.

Just in Loen alone, he was worth 42,000 pounds!

Yes, claiming the bounty from Loen isn't pragmatic. Whether it was the Church of Storms or the kingdom's military, they will follow the clues to capture Gehrman Sparrow, who managed to embroil so many demigods in a battle royale, and then investigate the organization backing him. They wouldn't even pay, and they might even plant a trap...

By the same logic, the Churches and governments of other countries must have similar ideas. However, they might be easier to work with. Claiming the bounty would entail substantial risk...

Besides, there's no rush. I'll send Senor out when I plan on switching marionettes. After all, being a marionette for a few days won't change his identity or value... Klein reined in his thoughts and looked at the silver necklace with an ancient coin attached to it.

He immediately used divination to determine its origins and uses.

It came from a Sequence 5 Winner from the Life School of Thought. After dying at the hands of a Rose School of Thought demigod, this gentleman's Beyonder characteristic and psyche fused with an ordinary silver necklace that he carried with him, turning into a mystical item.

As for the reason why the ordinary silver necklace would be carried by a Sequence 5 powerhouse for extended periods of time, Klein was unable to receive any effective revelations from it, as it had been too long and it had been corrupted.

The mystical item had two uses. One passively brought the wearer good luck. In daily life, the owner would encounter good things, easily succeeding in whatever they did. When suffering a lethal blow or terrifying disaster, improbable coincidences would occur, allowing them to survive. The latter situation only lasted for ten minutes.

The second use was to actively give an enemy bad luck, making the target unlucky. Be it in daily life or combat, it was easy for them to experience failure due to some trivial problem.

The necklace's corresponding negative effect was the Conservation of Luck. After being lucky, they would immediately meet with repeated bad luck. They would be as unlucky as they were lucky before. The wearer needed to remain vigilant and carefully avoid danger; otherwise, it was very easy for them to die in a comically absurd fashion, and even harm people around them.

Good fortune enjoyed in daily life would often rebound after a month. The user would end up unlucky regardless of whether they wore it or not. However, such bad luck was slowly released, so it wasn't too dangerous.

And luck obtained in combat would similarly strike back ten minutes later with equal force.

Overall, this is a rather good mystical item, but I don't have much use for it. After all, Fate Councilor Ricciardo was unable to change my luck... Hmm, I'll just wear it on me for now. It has few negative effects on me. I'll sell it if there's a chance to pay off my debt with Miss Messenger... Miss Messenger wants gold coins, while I have gold pounds. It's nearly impossible to exchange 10,000 gold coins through the banks or official markets. It seems that I'll have to do it in batches, getting each Tarot Club member to change some of it... Klein soon decided on a plan as he casually came up with a name for the necklace:

Scales of Luck!

Afterward, he looked at Senor, who was standing reverently to his side. He began to study the powers a Wraith had.

Forceful possession, Enemy Control, Wraith's Shriek, Mirror Blink, Obstacle Penetration, death-related spells, and Invisibility that wouldn't be discovered by most Mid- and Low-Sequence Beyonders... Klein distinguished each power, and he matched them with Sharron's and Maric's description, as well as his experience gained from combat.

He soon wrapped up his examination, afraid that the candle in the real world would finish burning. And a dark cave was extremely bad for him now who had a phobia of the dark.

Klein immediately took out a paper figurine from the junk pile, and together with the Black Emperor card, he stirred some of the powers above the gray fog, turning it into an anti-divination "angel."

This angel rapidly spread its wings and wrapped around a gold coin. On its reflective side was Senor's figure.

Then, Klein brought the gold coin, Azik's copper whistle, Death Knell, and his suitcase back to the real world. As for Creeping Hunger and Groselle's Travels, one of them hadn't been fed, and the other might cause Klein to be swallowed into the book for carrying it for too long. Therefore, they were left in the junk pile above the gray fog.

Having returned to the cave, Klein hurriedly placed the gold coin and Azik's copper whistle into a cigar case before sealing it with a wall of spirituality.

He cleaned up the scene, switched into formal clothes, and carried his suitcase. He followed the beach until he came to a residential area. He discovered that he was near Pritz Harbor.

He didn't immediately return to Backlund. Instead, he changed his appearance, took a steam locomotive, and headed for Conant City in Desi Bay. He planned on circling the area once before changing his identity again.

Bansy Harbor.

Alger Wilson looked at the destroyed city under the afternoon sun.

He saw that the buildings had completely collapsed, and there were deep chasms in the ground and charred spots everywhere.

Such a scene extended into the depths of the island. Even the mountain had collapsed.

At that moment, there wasn't anyone from the Church of Storms watching the ruins, since there wasn't anything here. And the plans to rebuild the harbor weren't brought forward at all.

Alger jumped off the Blue Avenger and circled the ruins with his sailors, but they didn't discover anything of value.

"Let's go," he instructed solemnly.

He soon boarded the ship which hoisted its sails and left the island.

After an unknown period of time, a figure suddenly walked out from the depths of the ruins.

He wore a double-breasted, pure black clerical robe. He had dark golden hair, and his facial features were clear and distinct, like an ancient, classical sculpture without any wrinkles.

His eyes were dark blue, nearing black. They looked lusterless, but they were filled with dense blood capillaries.

Chapter 732: Destination

Desi County, Conant City, 67 Red Indus Street.

Wearing a commonly seen face in the Loen Kingdom, Klein took a step forward and rang the doorbell.

In less than a minute, the door creaked open as a maidservant looked out and asked out of curiosity, "Good evening, who might you be looking for?"

"I'm here to find Ma'am Neelu. I'm a friend of her father, Davy Raymond," Klein answered calmly.

Davy Raymond was the Nightmare whom he had released from Creeping Hunger. He was a Red Glove from the Nighthawks, and the foremost thought before he dissipated was his daughter, Neelu Raymond. He was very apologetic towards her for not spending time with her while she grew up, making her effectively lose her father when she had already lost her mother. Klein had promised him that he would make a visit to the beautiful coastal city if he had the chance to visit his daughter.

Having probed for more information earlier, Klein had gained a general idea about Neelu Raymond's situation. After this girl graduated from grammar school, she worked at the Women and Children Care Foundation which was run by the Church of the Evernight Goddess. She had a weekly salary of 2 pounds 10 soli and was the target of envy by her neighbors.

She also received an inheritance from her "businessman" father. As for how much it was, no one knew. They just knew that she was richer than most people from the middle-class.

Typically speaking, women with such wealth would place great emphasis on their marriage. They would repeatedly select and observe candidates, resulting in their late marriage. However, Neelu had married a civil servant just a year later.

As both parties were believers of the Evernight Goddess, she didn't take on her husband's last name. She continued going by the name Neelu Raymond, and she continued staying at 67 Red Indus Street.

After hearing Klein's answer, the maidservant quickly asked him to wait as she entered the living room to report to her mistress.

Before long, a woman in a home dress walked to the door. She had black hair and blue eyes. Her face was rather thin, and she was rather pretty. She resembled Davy Raymond.

"Good evening, sir. 'm Neelu, Davy Raymond's daughter. May I know when you got to know my father?" Neelu Raymond asked politely but warily.

Klein took off his hat and smiled.

"I got to know him at sea. It's been several years."

Neelu Raymond gave him a wary look and said, "Perhaps you might not know, but he has already passed away."

Klein sighed and replied, "Yes, I know. I got to know him through that disaster. He had some words to say back then which I didn't think too much about. However, the more I thought about it in recent years, the more I felt that I should inform you."

"Is that so?" Neelu said softly. After some thought, she invited him. "Please come in. Would you mind if my husband listens in?"

"That is for you to decide," Klein frankly replied.

Neelu nodded and led Klein into the study. Her husband had the looks of an ordinary civil servant with a gentleman's bearing. He put down his newspapers and followed them in.

After both parties sat down, Klein looked at the couple on the sofa and deliberated.

"Mr. Davy Raymond once experienced disaster after another. He lost his father, mother, wife, brothers, and sisters."

Neelu nodded with a blank expression.

"I know."

Klein thought and continued, "He appears to be a merchant, but he was in fact seeking out the murderers who caused that disaster."

"I know." Neelu didn't object to it.

Klein glanced at her and continued, "He dedicated himself to this matter, and he was very regretful that he didn't manage to spend time with you growing up, making you lose your father alongside your mother."

Neelu fell silent for a second before she rapidly replied, "I know!"

Klein swept his gaze to the old books around him and sighed silently.

"He said that his greatest wish was to see you enter the hall of marriage under the witness of the Goddess, to have your own family, and to not be lonely anymore. I believe he should be very happy right now."

Neelu's gaze slowly moved away from Klein's face as she stared blankly, answering only two seconds later.

"I know."

Klein leaned forward slightly as he clasped his hands.

"He said that he might die at sea, and he wanted me to tell you that he died as a result of an accident. All the murderers from before have already been punished. You do not need to hate anyone.

"He also said that he loves you very much and that he's very sorry."

Neelu remained silent for a few seconds as she blinked. She turned her head to the side and gave an ambiguous scoff.

"Got it..."

Klein gave her a deep look before getting up.

"I'm done passing on the message. It's time I leave."

Met with silence, Neelu's husband nodded gently as a gesture of thanks.

Klein turned around, walked to the door of the study. Just as he twisted the doorknob, Neelu Raymond's voice sounded from behind him, deep and hoarse.

"What... kind of person do you think he was?"

Klein fell silent for a second, turned his head, and curled his lips. He said with a smile, "A guardian."

He didn't stay any longer as he opened the door and walked to the coat rack.

When he wore his hat and left 67 Red Indus Street, soft, restrained sobbing suddenly reached his ears.

Shaking his head silently, Klein left the borough and entered a cathedral of the Evernight Goddess.

Passing through the dark and serene aisle, he sat in the seventh row from the back. He faced the crimson half-moon and the black Sacred Emblem filled with resplendent stars. He took off his hat, lowered his head, and held his hands to his mouth, just like the many believers present.

While praying silently in the silence and tranquility, time quickly passed. Klein slowly opened his eyes as he gently stood up.

At the spot where he sat, he left behind an item wrapped in paper.

Klein walked along the aisle and left the prayer hall, going straight to the cathedral's entrance.

With his back facing the hall, he wore his hat, raised his right hand, and snapped his fingers.

Pa!

The paper suddenly ignited where he sat, drawing the priest's attention. When this gentleman rushed over, the flames had already extinguished, leaving behind a dark gem-like item.

This is... Although the priest didn't know what the item was, his spiritual perception told him that it was very important!

When he and the other priests rushed outside the cathedral, the gentleman in a tailcoat and half top hat had already disappeared.

The next morning.

Through a local black market, Klein had obtained a new identity as he came to the steam locomotive station.

In his hand was a second-class ticket worth 18 soli, as well as identification documents for himself. He held a black leather suitcase as he stood at the platform with his back straight, awaiting the arrival of the train headed for Backlund.

He now appeared to be a middle-aged man who was nearing his forties. He was slightly more than 180 cm tall, and his black hair had a few silver strands. His deep blue eyes were like a lake at night, and he was rather good-looking. He projected an air of maturity and elegance.

Looking down at the identification documents, Klein's eyes reflected his present name: "Dwayne Dantes."

After some thought, he placed the suitcase on the ground, laid it down, and opened it before stuffing all his identification documents inside.

Inside the suitcase, there was a black wooden box containing the former Loen soldier, Frunziar Edward's ashes.

Moments after arranging his suitcase, he heard a whistle. A steam train chugged into the station belching smoke before it slowed down to a halt.

He looked up and looked ahead as he examined it in silence. Then, he looked down at his suitcase and whispered, "It's time to return..."

He then stood straight, carried his belongings, and walked to the open carriage door.

Backlund, Cherwood Borough, 26 Gunstedt Street.

Benson took off his hat, removed his coat, and handed it to the maidservant. He looked at his sister, Melissa, who was glued to her book in the living room.

"The entrance examinations are in June. You'll finally experience the pain of studiously studying that I endured back then."

Melissa didn't look up as she continued reading.

"I'm studiously studying every day."

"A little humor, Melissa. A little humor. What's the difference between a person without humor and a curly-haired baboon?" Benson said with a smile.

Melissa casually glanced at him and said, "That wasn't what you said in the past."

She didn't correct him on what the exact difference was between humans and curly-haired baboons, and she instead said, "Do civil servants also finish work so late?"

"No, there's been a lot of work recently. As you know, oh--you don't. In such a huge reform, the handing over of work and the straightening out of different relationships are very troublesome." Benson swept the mirror in the living room. He couldn't help but lift his hand to comb his hair as he said with a look of displeasure, "Although I'm only a low-ranking employee in the Ministry of Finance, that doesn't stop me from having plenty of work. The one thing worth celebrating is that I've finally survived the darn probationary period. I'll soon have a weekly salary of 3 pounds!"

Melissa put down her book, and she walked to the dining hall and said to Benson, "It's dinner time."

She paused and said very seriously, "I read in the papers that there's something called Donningsman Tree Sap that has a significant effect on boosting hair growth."

Benson's face immediately became a medley of emotions.

Whoosh!

Amidst the whistle, the long steam locomotive chugged into Backlund.

Klein picked up his suitcase and once again stepped into the Capital of Capitals, the Land of Hope. He discovered that the smog had thinned significantly, and there wasn't the obvious pallid yellow cast. The gas street lamps on the platform were already turned on, dispersing the gloominess and darkness.

Surveying the area, Klein walked out the steam locomotive station, took the metro and a carriage, and came to a Church of Storms cemetery outside West Borough.

Then, he spent a small fee and placed Frunziar Edward's ashes into a partition.

By then, this Loen soldier had already left Backlund for more than 165 years.

After taking a step back, Klein observed it for a moment before using a pen and paper to engrave something on the partition door:

"Frunziar Edward."

He closed his eyes and added:

"Every journey has its destination."

Chapter 733: The Return

Under a persistent rain, mingled with the thin fog, rows of street lamps struggled to shine through the mist. The occasional horse carriage that proceeded down the streets was a common evening sight in Backlund.

Apart from these, Klein noticed a few gratifying changes while standing behind the window.

Ring!

A crisp sound echoed in the air as a two-wheeled mechanical device rushed down the side of the street to the other end of the street. Its frame was black in color, with some parts revealing grayish-white steel. Under the illumination of the street lamps and rain, it sparkled with the beauty of metal.

On this device sat a man dressed in a postman's uniform. He kept pedaling with his legs, apparently using a great deal of strength. Behind him was a wooden box that had been painted in green.

It's been promoted very well... The white-shirted, black-vested, mature-looking Klein sighed inwardly when he saw this scene.

In a few hours of his return to Backlund, he noticed many similar mechanical devices, and they were none other than the bicycles that he had promoted and invested in!

From the newspapers, Klein knew that the Backlund Bike Company had run extensive advertising campaigns. It even held a bicycle competition in boroughs like Cherwood and Backlund Bridge so as to garner the attention of others. Apart from that, they also actively promoted it to the government departments such as the postal service and the police departments. The results were said to be pretty good.

Their pricing strategy had followed Klein's original suggestion, avoiding the middle-upper class who often used horse carriages. Instead, they targeted those with weekly salaries of 1 pound 10 soli and above, such as technical workers, students with a decent family background, and clerical employees that often needed to travel outside. Therefore, a bike worth 3 to 5 pounds was affordable for the people in this demographic if they bit the bullet a little. And at the same time, they could flaunt it to the masses who had incomes that were lower than them.

The current issue is that Backlund often rains. It's difficult to hold an umbrella while riding a bicycle... The next step should be a raincoat. Klein retracted his gaze, shook his head, and chuckled.

The place he stayed at was a high-end hotel in the Hillston Borough. It cost him 10 soli a night, making him feel quite the pinch. However, to match his persona, all he could do was bite the bullet and put up with it.

His idea of Dwayne Dantes was that he was a believer of the Evernight Goddess and a mysterious tycoon that came from Desi Bay. He had sold his original land and mines, planning to seek out brand new opportunities in Backlund. He had a certain level of interest in obtaining an aristocratic title, but he didn't have the abundant wealth to do so. He had to first expand his social circle and begin making some investments.

The advantage of this identity was that it was clearly different from the characters Klein had previously acted as. It allowed him to very naturally interact with people from the middle-upper class, especially members of the military officers club and the Backlund diocese bishops of the Church of the Evernight Goddess. It made it convenient for Klein to continue his investigations into the Great Smog of Backlund while gathering intel before he made detailed plans to steal the Antigonus family's notebook.

There were obvious disadvantages as well. Such a mysterious tycoon would definitely catch the notice of the Nighthawks and Mandated Punishers, so there was a certain level of background checks that he would have to undergo.

According to Klein's experience, such an investigation would be done by the official Beyonder organizations under the premise that nothing important had happened. It could also be handed over to the police department, but in summary, not too much effort would be put into it, as it would be considered a routine check.

Therefore, Klein, who was considered quite an expert at disguises, had prepared a second layer to his identity as Dwayne Dantes by design, so as to deal with the background inspection.

This second layer to his identity was that Dwayne Dantes was a person who had adventured in the Southern Continent's East and West Balam for some particular reason. He had used a nickname, and he spent more than ten years in that rather dangerous land filled with opportunity in order to amass a great deal of wealth.

Since the origin of his wealth wasn't aboveboard, he had secretly returned to Desi Bay, and he forged a new identity. He had planned on beginning a new life in Backlund and gradually legitimize his wealth.

It wasn't rare to see such people in Loen. Their stories were acceptable and imaginable for an investigation. For this identity layer, Klein had left some inconspicuous clues in Conant City so as to indirectly reveal the "truth."

These clues included but were not limited to the stubs of his scalped tickets from East Balam to Conant City, habits as a result of living in the Southern Continent for extended periods of time, as well as his wealth of unknown origins.

Klein believed that as long as Dwayne Dantes didn't involve himself in any serious Beyonder matters, preparations such as this were enough to fool most routine background inspections.

And if he encountered an extremely dedicated official Beyonder who investigated it all the way and was even willing to seek the help of colleagues from the Southern Continent, then Dwayne Dantes had a third identity layer. It was that he was a cheat who had anti-divination measures to a certain degree. He disguised himself as a mysterious tycoon and spent large amounts of money in investments for this final scam.

This identity was enough to get Dwayne Dantes arrested, but the level of attention placed on him wouldn't be too great. This allowed Klein to exit the stage without much trouble.

Compared to my first time in Backlund, the creation of a three-layered identity shows how I've really matured significantly... Klein slowly walked to the middle of the room as he looked at a full-length mirror in the corner.

His reflection had black hair and some strands of gray hair. His eyes were deep, but his experiences had left indelible marks on his face. He was a charming middle-aged man with a mature bearing.

The design of Dwayne Dantes's identity wasn't difficult for the present Klein. However, stealing the Antigonus family's notebook from behind Saint Samuel Cathedral's Chanis Gate was practically an impossible task for any external Beyonder. Even a King of Angels couldn't guarantee success.

Of course, unlike other Beyonders, Klein had two advantages. First, he was once a Nighthawk. He had quite a good understanding of the internal procedures they followed, and he knew which matters he could exploit. Therefore, the first solution he eliminated was to become a particular Nighthawk, infiltrate it, and find a chance to pass through Chanis Gate.

There was a problem that existed in this. Nighthawks weren't able to randomly enter Chanis Gate, even for the captains and deacons. Something had to happen first before they received the corresponding authority. Furthermore, Chanis Gate had its Keepers inside. Randomly entering or taking things would result in an attack on him, causing a battle to break out. Klein didn't wish for his theft to result in any deaths or injury to the members of the Church of the Goddess.

After careful consideration, he turned his attention to the Keepers.

These elders were retired Nighthawks who volunteered to enter Chanis Gate. They were in charge of watching the Sealed Artifacts, and they were from a different department from the Nighthawks. They entered and exited using the underground passageway through the cathedral, and they never interfered with the Nighthawks' work, nor would they be disturbed by the Nighthawks.

Perhaps a result of staying behind Chanis Gate for extended periods of time, these Keepers all had certain traits. They had cold auras and had blank expressions. Their skin was pale, and they resembled monsters from the deep darkness who were on the border of life and death. Klein believed that it wasn't difficult for him to locate his target if he met one.

His initial plan was to rent a place in North Borough near Saint Samuel Cathedral. He would hire a butler, a valet, a maidservant, a gardener, a chef, and a carriage driver to have a front as a tycoon. Then, he would often head to the cathedral to pray piously, participate in Mass, donate money, and familiarize himself with the bishops and priests.

During this process, he would work hard to find suspected Keepers. He would choose two or three targets and observe their habits. When the opportunity arose, he would imprison one of them, change into his appearance or directly possess him, pass through Chanis Gate, and attempt to flip through or take the Antigonus family's notebook away.

This was a very crude plan that was merely a rough outline. It needed to be perfected according to the intelligence Klein would slowly acquire.

For this matter, Klein's second advantage was the Tarot Club. He had assistants that the Church of the Evernight Goddess and the Nighthawks would never think of. Furthermore, he could consider extending the recruitment of a Backlund diocese Nighthawk or Keeper into the Gathering. He could then complete the theft through this traitor, just like how Emperor Roselle was used to obtain the Antigonus family's notebook by Zaratul.

I've got to frequently head to the cathedral. Only by doing so can I find a target... Klein faced the mirror as he silently nodded.

It had to be said that he felt conflicted. If a true Nighthawk or Keeper were to betray the Church to serve Mr. Fool, his first thought was to unleash divine punishment to get rid of this despicable traitor!

After exhaling, he gave a self-deprecating laugh. He wore his double-breasted frock coat and hat, walked out of the room, and reached the streets.

With an umbrella, he circled to another street. Taking advantage of the distant street lamp and the drizzle, he suddenly changed back into Sherlock Moriarty.

Glancing at his wrinkled trousers, Klein stopped a carriage and planned on heading to Isengard Stanton's house in Hillston Borough.

Half an hour later, the somewhat ancient and dark building appeared before Klein's eyes.

He paid 2 soli for his ride as he walked steadily around the puddles amidst the drizzle that refracted the yellowish light of dusk before coming to the famous detective's doorstep.

Putting away his umbrella, he reached out to ring the doorbell and waited for a moment before seeing a man with a wide face open the door.

The man had a head of malt-colored hair, grayish-blue eyes, and high cheekbones. He had the traits of someone from Lenburg or Masin.

Mr. Isengard Stanton's new assistant? Someone from the Church of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom? Klein took off his hat and said with a smile, "Good evening, is Mr. Isengard Stanton home?"

"He is. He just had his dinner after a busy day at work," the malt-colored lad replied politely. "May I know who you are?"

Klein chortled and said, "Tell the good detective that a friend of his has returned from his vacation."

The young man was taken aback as he blurted out, "Mr. Sherlock Moriarty?"

Chapter 734: Old Friends

You actually know me? This means that Mr. Isengard Stanton often mentions me as a friend, or does it mean that the Church of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom knows that I was embroiled in the Great Smog of Backlund? Klein smiled as he nodded in an unperturbed manner.

"Yes, 'm Sherlock Moriarty."

The grayish-blue-eyed lad immediately gave way as he warmly gestured for him to enter.

"Mr. Stanton has been worried about you all this time. He was afraid that you met with trouble. He can now be at peace."

Klein handed him his umbrella as he took off his hat and coat while walking in. At this moment, Isengard Stanton, who had sensed something, had put down his papers and pipe, and he left his reclining chair to take a look.

"Oh my, Sherlock, you're finally back. It's been so long, my friend." The thin Isengard with grayed sides revealed a smile as he came over with welcoming arms in an attempt to give him a greeting hug.

Klein wasn't used to such a custom, so he forced himself to reciprocate it and smile.

"Mr. Stanton, this isn't something a believer of Wisdom would do."

The bishops and priests of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom had their pride, and they seldom gave greeting hugs.

But in fact, apart from the boorish Feysac Empire and the liberal Intis Kingdom, such a manner of etiquette was rare in other countries and regions. It only happened among very familiar friends.

Isengard took two steps back and chuckled.

"No, Sherlock. We're never stingy with respect and friendliness towards intelligent friends.

"In my heart, you're one of the top five detectives in all of Backlund."

I like that! Klein smiled inwardly as he retorted in jest, "So you're one of the top three detectives?"

To be praised as having true wisdom by a Sequence 7 believer of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom was truly gratifying.

"I wish that you share my opinion," Isengard skillfully and gently replied. Then, he invited him to the living room and to the sofa.

He leaned into a reclining chair and picked up his pipe. With a deep breath, he exhaled.

"I'm very happy that nothing bad happened to you. You seem especially fine, both in body and mind.

"How was it? Was Desi Bay fun?"

Klein had already prepared an excuse as he calmly smiled.

"In fact, I didn't go to Desi Bay. I ended up going to Constant. Heh heh, I was previously embroiled in some trouble in Backlund, so I could only find a place to hide."

Sherlock Moriarty was a gentleman from Midseashire who had a slight accent. It was a very normal choice to return to his hometown after causing trouble. Constant was Midseashire's capital.

"I know," Isengard replied heavily.

He didn't inquire about the trouble which Sherlock had involved himself in. Instead, he said with a smile, "In short, welcome back to Backlund. Come to me if you need any help."

Klein didn't stand on ceremony as he immediately said, "The purpose of my visit was first because it really has been a while since we last met, and second, I wish that you can sell my shares in the Backlund Bike Company on my behalf. Heh heh, all the documents are in place, and there's no need to carry out any other procedures."

In order to act as a mysterious tycoon and to repay Miss Messenger with the 10,000 gold coins, not only did he plan on selling items he had little use for, but he also planned on letting go of the last 10% of his shares in the Backlund Bike Company. After all, Sherlock Moriarty wasn't able to appear in a legitimate fashion for a long period of time.

"Are you really going to sell it?" Isengard stroked his pipe and said, "Although I've never been a businessman, I can tell that the bike is a product that's of great value and something that can be promoted on a large scale. Its commercial future is like the newly-risen sun, and it has yet to reach its limits. You'll be losing plenty of money by selling it now."

"That's why a buyer will be very willing to raise the price significantly because of this expected value." Klein chuckled. "I believe the people who can tell the value of the bike and its future aren't in the minority. And Framis and Leppard are definitely unwilling to reduce any part of their holdings at this stage. There shouldn't be a problem selling my 10% shares at twice or thrice the normal price. Isengard, the pricing of shares isn't about the present, but the future."

To illustrate an alluring story for the buyer and investor, and drawing a beautiful future is very necessary! Of course, the value and future of the bike don't require additional input from me. Anyone with any business sense can tell. The only problem lies in rubber production... Klein silently added inwardly.

"The pricing of shares isn't about the present, but the future..." Isengard softly repeated Klein's words, and after a moment he sincerely sighed. "Sherlock, perhaps you should be involved in the business world. However, there will always be many accidents present."

"To dare to take risks is equivalent to chivalry in business. Oh well, I admit that I've recently been in dire need of large sums of cash," Klein replied with a smile.

Isengard picked up his pipe as he drew on it contentedly.

"You've convinced me.

"I will specially hire a lawyer and accountant to confirm the market value of Backlund Bike Company. Then, I'll add on an estimate of the expected profits and sell that 10% of yours. The corresponding fees and taxes will be deducted from the amount received.

"Oh... How should I contact you? It seems like your rental contract for the house at Minsk Street has lapsed."

Klein obviously wouldn't expose his present identity. He said, having prepared for it, "You can post news on the Tussock Times, Backlund Daily Tribune, and other newspapers about the sale of the shares to make more people aware. Only when there's competition would there be better price negotiations. When it's sold, you can publish a notice to indicate that the deal has been closed and that further inquiries won't be entertained.

"And when I see that notice, I'll come visit you."

Isengard was no stranger when it came to communicating over published notices in the newspapers. He nodded and said, "No problem. Of course, all expenses will be deducted from the final sum received."

With his main goal accomplished, Klein stood up and reached out his hand.

"Thank you for your help, Isengard.

"I need to leave. We can talk in the future."

Isengard didn't hold him back as he sent him straight out the door.

Klein circled to a nearby street and took a carriage to the Bravehearts Bar as he admired Bravehearts Bar's night view in the drizzle.

He planned on reestablishing all the news and resource channels which Sherlock Moriarty used to have!

After entering the noisy bar, he didn't head for the bar counter to order some beer and make inquiries. Instead, he circled around the boxing ring in preparation to leave, so that he could wait for Miss Sharron to appear on the carriage outside.

At this moment, the door to a billiard room creaked open. Ian, with an old coat, walked out with newspapers in hand.

His red eyes did a cursory sweep when he suddenly noticed a familiar figure. He gaped his mouth, but he didn't say his name. He greeted in pleasant surprise, "Good evening, sir. Is there anything I can help you with?"

"Not for now. I'm only here to visit an old friend." Klein smiled warmly.

As he spoke, he noticed that the paper in Ian's hand was News at Sea. On it was a striking headline: "Shocking! Crazy adventurer declared a fugitive!"

Crazy adventurer... Klein intuitively believed that it had nothing to do with him.

Ian noticed his gaze and raised the newspapers with a smile.

"This is one of the rare up-to-date reports from News at Sea because the bounties have already appeared in various places.

"The crazy adventurer, Gehrman Sparrow, plotted to bring harm to the City of Generosity, and he has been proven to be a member of a cult. In this incident, thanks to the Church of Storms and the military, no one from Bayam was injured. But Admiral of Blood Senor, who was involved in the matter, vanished as a result. It's suspected that he has been killed by Gehrman Sparrow.

"Guess how large a bounty they are offering for Gehrman Sparrow.

"50,000 pounds!

"It has exceeded Admiral of Blood's, and it's almost reached that of Admiral Hell's!"

50,000 pounds... Klein's heart stirred.

He calmed the palpitations in his heart as he replied with a smile, "Unfortunately, few people can claim such a bounty."

He pointed at the bar's entrance and said, "I'll come to look for you again when I have the time."

"Alright." Ian didn't ask further as he mentioned in passing, "Is Mr. White from the Harvest Church your friend?"

That fellow, Emlyn, is finally willing to get out of the house? For those Primordial Moon believers? Klein nodded.

"That's right."

After saying that, he squeezed through the crowd and pushed open the door to leave the Bravehearts Bar.

After getting onto a rental carriage, Klein looked outside, awaiting Miss Sharron's appearance.

Of course, he wasn't certain that she was here. Months had passed, so it was very possible that this lady and Maric had switched their area of activity.

Silently, Klein's spiritual perception was triggered as he turned to look at the window. On the glass which could reflect the night view, a young lady in a black bonnet and gothic-styled black dress clearly appeared.

Turning his head, Klein saw Miss Sharron sitting opposite him. Her pale blonde hair, blue eyes, and pale expression didn't seem any different from before.

"Good evening." Klein, who no longer needed to act as Gehrman Sparrow, greeted first.

Sharron got up a little and curtsied.

Realizing that she might've read News at Sea, he was momentarily unable to find a topic for small talk. He cleared his throat and directly said, "I killed Senor."

"Okay." Sharron nodded slightly, indicating that she was aware.

Klein smiled as he continued, "If Maric still needs the Beyonder characteristic of a Wraith, he can wait and prepare the money needed. Once I find a replacement, I'll sell Senor to him."

Sharron didn't ask what "replacement" meant as she replied, "After seeing that piece of news, he has been awaiting your return."

"Very good." Klein chuckled. He reached out for his collar, pulled out a silver necklace and said, "Senor's lucky item. You should know about it, right?"

Sharron tersely answered as she waited for Klein to continue.

"I plan to sell either this or the Biological Poison Bottle. Would you, or people from your circle, be interested?" Klein took the initiative to ask.

Chapter 735: Another Visit

Sharron was silent for two seconds before she said, "I'll help ask."

It means you need to consider it? That's right. The negative effects of Scales of Luck do give one pause. However, Biological Poison Bottle is really compatible with a Wraith. If I weren't short of money, and if it didn't lower my immunity, making me easily fall sick, I wouldn't be willing to sell it. It's rather effective in an ambush! Klein vaguely grasped Sharron's intentions as he stuffed the silver necklace back into his collar.

He asked after some thought, "Which power of a High-Sequence Prisoner pathway Beyonder makes all surrounding lifeless items attack one's target?"

"Puppet," Sharron succinctly replied.

It's the power of a Sequence 4 Puppet? Turning themselves into a lifeless puppet, so that they are able to control all lifeless objects in a certain range? Advancing further, will they be able to directly influence the mystical items of an enemy? Klein nodded in enlightenment and asked, "Then, do you know that demigod?"

He immediately described in detail the appearance of the elder who had attacked him outside Bayam.

"Shanks," Sharron calmly said a name.

I actually wished that you could share with me more about him... Klein knew Miss Sharron's style as he said with an exasperated smile, "Then, do you know Zatwen?"

He was the mentor of the Naturism Sect's leader in Oravi Island.

"The demigod who was pursuing us," Sharron answered without hiding anything or any emotions, like a doll.

That's the one who made me feel like the chairs, tables, and curtains wished to kill me... What a coincidence... However, it wasn't arranged. It just proves that as a secret organization, the Rose School of Thought, with a history of over a thousand years, doesn't have that many demigods... Perhaps it has about the same number as the Aurora Order. They likely have around five saints and two or three angels and Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts... Of course, this is also because they were suppressed by the seven major Churches, reducing their headquarters to colonies. At the height of their powers, they might've had far more than these... Klein thought and asked again, "Then, do you know the Rose School of Thought member that is able to make an entire mountain tremble with just one arm?"

He planned on describing the arm's traits, but he realized that he hadn't dared to look straight at it.

Sharron listened quietly as her eyes darted around as though they came to life. She asked with a clear voice, "What did you encounter?"

A saint, an angel, as well as Sea King, an Aurora Order demigod, a monster byproduct from the Numinous Episcopate's Artificial Death... Klein silently made a self-deprecating comment as he said with a wry smile, "I earned the enmity of the Mother Tree of Desire, and I suffered an ambush from the Rose School of Thought. Thankfully, I was in Bayam, allowing the Church of Storms and the kingdom's military to take action. I also threw out an item corrupted with the True Creator's aura, as well as something related to the Numinous Episcopate. In short, it was chaos, and I took the opportunity to escape."

He replied frankly, apart from hiding the existence of Miss Messenger and Mr. Azik. As for the matter of the True Creator, he believed that Miss Sharron had long known that he wasn't affected by the ravings. This could be explained by a timely psychological intervention or psychic treatment.

"Mother Tree of Desire..." Sharron murmured the name as rare emotional upheavals slowly appeared in her eyes.

Klein didn't have the interpretation abilities of a Spectator, and he was unable to tell what was exactly on Sharron's mind. He could only sense that she felt a little fear and loathing.

Sharron quickly restrained her abnormal reaction, turning back into an extremely exquisite "doll."

She looked at Sherlock Moriarty and said, "You are very lucky and very mysterious."

Klein smiled without a word, neither lying nor explaining.

Sharron didn't inquire as she said, "You might've met Suah. 'He' is an Abomination born 922 years ago and claims to be the son of the Chained God. 'He' is also the present leader of the Rose School of Thought."

No way. The Rose School of Thought sent its leader and a demigod to deal with me... I'm just a mere Sequence 5! If not for Orange Light Hilarion's warning, I might've already been captured by the Rose School of Thought... Klein felt a chill run down his back again as he asked, "Is Abomination the name of the Prisoner pathway's Sequence 2 or Sequence 1?"

"Probably," Sharron didn't give an affirmative answer.

At this moment, without waiting for Klein's response, she said, "Williams Street has been destroyed."

Klein had pondered what kind of reaction he should have when Miss Sharron raised the topic, so he immediately frowned.

"By who? When did it happen?"

"The Nighthawks and Machinery Hivemind. About two months ago." Sharron had clearly gathered the corresponding intelligence.

Klein nodded solemnly and, after some deep thought, said, "Perhaps we've neglected something. That evil spirit didn't need us to rescue it. It was still controlling Baronet Pound!

"Could it be that something happened to that gentleman, incurring the notice of the Nighthawks and Machinery Hiveminds?" Klein offered a guess filled with half-truths without utmost confidence.

Sharron nodded.

"Baronet Pound died during one of his revelries."

That's it? That's the end to Alista Tudor's final bloodline? Klein thought and said, "How's the situation with Williams Street at the moment?"

"Some high-rise buildings are being built," Sharron described without much of an expression. "People monitored it in secret at the beginning, but the surveillance decreased with time, diminishing to zero early last month."

Klein pondered for a few seconds and said, "Have you gone down to explore it?"

Sharron's eyes swept his face.

"No."

This is her remembering our unwritten agreement--to explore it together because we found it together? What a noble-hearted lady. The Rose School of Thought's temperance faction is infinitely better than the indulgence faction! Klein probed, "Shall we go now?"

"Alright," Sharron succinctly expressed her stance.

Klein immediately instructed the carriage driver, and he changed the destination to Williams Street at the intersection of West Borough and Empress Borough.

Along the way, he casually mentioned what he heard and saw at sea, as well as the experiences that didn't involve his secrets. Although Sharron didn't answer him, she listened attentively, seemingly interested.

This made Klein recall the time when he first got to know her as Miss Bodyguard. She sat on the illusory high-back chair in the oriel window's glass. Her right hand held her cheek as she seriously listened to his conversation with Ian. She had great potential as a Spectator.

The carriage passed through the silent streets in the drizzle before finally arriving near Williams Street.

Without approaching the area, Klein and Sharron discovered that the area had become a huge worksite.

After circling to the region that matched the underground ruins, they stood behind a huge tree with a lush canopy. Klein said to Sharron, who wasn't drenched by the rain despite not holding an umbrella, "Let's head down."

As the rain fell, they passed through Sharron's blonde hair and body before hitting the ground.

"Alright." Sharron didn't ask how Sherlock Moriarty was planning on heading down with her.

Klein reached into his pocket and easily removed the wall of spirituality, and he opened the iron cigar case.

Beside him, a figure suddenly appeared. It was none other than Admiral of Blood Senor who wore a dark red coat and an old triangular hat.

"He will head down in my stead," Klein said with a smile.

Immediately following that, he controlled his marionette in a composed manner.

Senor immediately pressed his hand to his chest and bowed at Sharron.

"Good evening. I'm honored to work with you."

Sharron swept her gaze across Klein and Senor, and without a word, her body sank into the soil.

Uh, Miss Sharron seems to detest Senor quite significantly... Klein curled his lips and made Admiral of Blood rapidly turn into a Wraith and sink.

As for himself, he leaned on a tree, half-closed his eyes as he seriously controlled the marionette. There wasn't anyone around him, and the drizzle was light and the streetlights dim.

Slowly, Klein found the feeling of being a Marionettist.

His vision and Senor's vision overlapped with one another as he saw black-brown soil, squirming worms, and miscellaneous items in between the rocks.

As they passed through layers of obstacles, they arrived at the region where the ruin once was. The dome ceiling had collapsed and the stone columns had snapped. The area was filled with soil and rubble, looking nothing like it once was.

Such a scene made Klein believe that the humanoid statues of the six deities had been completely destroyed.

To his joy, their location was relatively close to the room which sealed the evil spirit. That meant that he didn't need to worry that any subsequent exploration would exceed the hundred-meter range for the control of his marionette.

Amidst the smell of soil and rot, they soon entered the previously menacing room; however, between the rubble and soil, there were only a few signs of crushed bone and rotting clothes. The dark gold and deep blue light from before had all vanished.

The Beyonder characteristics have been taken away by the Nighthawks and Machinery Hivemind... Senor's expression twitched as it perfectly reflected Klein's mood.

Sharron turned around in the dark solid environment and gently shook her head.

"They didn't send anyone in. There are no traces of living creatures existing in here."

That's right. If a living person had entered and exited this room over the past half year, a Wraith should be able to sense it... Besides, the deity statues obviously cannot be seen by the Nighthawks and Machinery Hivemind... Where did those Beyonder characteristics go? As Klein frowned, Senor had a similar reaction.

Could it be that the evil spirit wasn't completely obliterated? It had long escaped? Klein thought about it when he suddenly came to an alarming conclusion.

He held back his emotions and made Senor pass through the soil and rubble-filled room with Sharron, and they arrived at the spot where the bloody door previously stood. And at that moment, only a few splinters proved that it existed before.

After proceeding forward a few meters, the two truly entered the room where the evil spirit was sealed.

It had likewise been destroyed and buried. Klein used Senor's body and eyes to look for clues as he flew about.

"There should be a black high-back chair here." Sharron stopped and pointed at the splinters above two rocks.

Klein instantly recalled the scene he had once seen in the dream--the young man suspected of being Medici had sat on a high-back chair, his head drooped low as though dead.

Sharron didn't pause. She continued proceeding in the compressed soil in search of traces. Suddenly, she spoke again.

"There should be one here."

Another one? A second black high-back chair? "Klein" floated over in surprise.

Chapter 736: Third Chair

Senor, in his Wraith form, passed through the thick soil and rocks under Klein's control, arriving beside Sharron. He saw a damaged armrest which had asymmetrical patterns buried there, looking rather similar, but also different from the splinters they discovered moments ago.

The armrest wasn't pure black in color. Their patterns exuded a dark red color, as though it was an intersection of iron and blood.

Recalling the scene from his nightmare, Klein determined that this wasn't the high-back chair that the entity suspected to be Medici sat on.

This was the second chair!

The room that sealed the evil spirit had at least two high-back chairs!

"Klein" and Sharron didn't say a word as they circled around in different directions to search for other clues.

Before long, they discovered the evidence of a third high-back chair!

It was the leg of a chair, mainly dark red in color with pure black patterns. It was completely different from the other two kinds of splinters.

"Perhaps it's a problem caused by the asymmetrical trait of the Fourth Epoch..." Klein knew Sharron's style, volunteering to speak and saying something even he couldn't believe.

In the nightmare that resulted from the evil spirit's influence, the colors of the high-back chairs were, at the very least, uniform!

Sharron shook her head slightly.

"Three has more of a ritualistic feel."

She was implying that the innocent victims of Blood Emperor Alista Tudor weren't just one person back then. Perhaps a ritual had been held in the room that sealed the evil spirit.

Klein was taken aback by what he heard as a scene flashed through his mind.

In a spacious and dark room, three high-back chairs of different styles were placed around a particular point in the center. And sitting on each chair was a breathless humanoid creature with a drooping head. Among them included Red Angel Medici.

The scene became clearer as Klein instantly connected two additional matters together.

The main ingredients of the Sequence 0 Black Emperor's potion is the Uniqueness and two Sequence 1 Beyonder characteristics (excluding one's own Beyonder characteristic);

Blood Emperor Alista Tudor had apparently forcefully jumped from the Black Emperor pathway's Sequence 1 Prince of Abolition to the Red Priest Sequence 0, which wasn't a neighboring pathway. As a result, he became a half-crazy true god!

As his thoughts whirred, Klein quickly had a theory.

This room had once held a Sequence 0 advancement ritual needed for a true god!

Of course, according to the complicated ritual needed by a Black Emperor, this was only part of the requirement. The pathway that represented war had clearly required the entire continent to be in chaos and at war to match in scale.

And Blood Emperor Alista Tudor doesn't have the corresponding Sequence 1 Beyonder characteristic, so his Red Priest potion requires three Sequence 1 angels or Sealed Artifacts to provide "Him" with the Beyonder characteristics. There happens to be three high-back chairs here!

Yes, the evil spirit suspected to be Red Angel Medici said that to help it escape its seal, one should find direct descendants of the Sauron, Einhorn, and Medici family, and then extract 10 ml of blood and mix them with holy water... Sauron and Einhorn wield the Hunter pathway and are also angel families of the Red Priest Beyonder pathway. They've existed since the Fourth Epoch to this day. One of them has already waned, only capable of controlling the spy network and a military faction in Intis, while the other remains the royal family of Feysac... Thoughts flashed through Klein's mind as he had a new belief regarding what had happened in the room, as well as the true identity of the evil spirit.

On the other two high-back chairs sat the ancestors of the Sauron and Einhorn families, Sequence 1 angels!

Together with War Angel Medici, who very likely possessed the pathway's Uniqueness, all the main ingredients of the Red Priest potion were gathered!

And that evil spirit is highly likely to not be the pure Red Angel Medici. It might include the remnant psyche and hatred of the Sauron and Einhorn family's ancestors!

Man, this place once sacrificed three Sequence 1 angels! Before "They" died, their curses and the ritual itself left effects, making this room become abnormally horrifying, as well as sealing it? Thankfully I reported this to the Churches ahead of time to let them deal with it. Otherwise, we might have died here if we relied on ourselves. It would be the same even if Miss Sharron and I advanced to Sequence 4. We would become food for the evil spirit... Klein felt a sense of fear and joy.

Meanwhile, he began to understand the reason why the Red Priest card had landed in the hands of the evil spirit. After all, the former highest-ranking members of a pathway were buried here in this underground ruin, the convergence of Beyonder characteristics would naturally lure Beyonders of the same pathway over without any deviations.

Furthermore, as Roselle once said--whatever separates will definitely converge, and whatever converges will definitely separate--after Blood Emperor Alista Tudor perished, the true god characteristic he possessed, which is the Sequence 0 characteristic, will likely split into four pieces.

One is the Uniqueness, an abstract item or concept, while the remaining three are three sets of Sequence 1 Beyonder characteristics. If it wasn't because of that, the corresponding Beyonder pathway wouldn't have anymore Sequence 1s when someone becomes a god...

Could one or two of these Sequence 1 Beyonder characteristics be attracted, entering the sealed room? This is likely one of the reasons why the Card of Blasphemy was lured over! The more Klein thought, the more he felt that he had previously underestimated the evil spirit.

They live up to being angels who advanced from Conspirers... Standing under the tree, Klein controlled Senor to say, "Perhaps it really is a ritual.

"It's related to Blood Emperor Alista Tudor. The scale and level involved must be great."

Sharron added after silently listening, "Sauron, Einhorn, Medici..."

Miss Sharron is also suspecting if the three high-back chairs once belonged to different angels from the details requested by the evil spirit... Klein thought for a moment, and he divulged something through Senor.

"Blood Emperor Alista Tudor is likely a true god from the Hunter pathway; the Card of Blasphemy is represented by the Red Priest."

Sharron remained silent for a few seconds as though she came to a realization regarding certain matters as she said, "That card is gone."

She was referring to the Red Priest card which the evil spirit had formerly shown them.

"Perhaps that evil spirit had long escaped before the Nighthawks and Machinery Hivemind destroyed this place." Klein shared his theory. "And it had taken away all the Beyonder characteristics and that Red Priest card."

Sharron silently surveyed the area and said, "It's very crafty. It wouldn't leave behind any obvious clues."

That's right. The Beyonder characteristics outside the sealed room are clearly not at Sequence 4. To an evil spirit who was once a King of Angels, they don't have any allure. Likewise for the Red Priest card... It can be understood that it took away the things in the room, but why didn't it leave anything? It's like telling others something like "Haha, I've fooled you. I've already successfully escaped. Catch me if you can"... Wait, perhaps that's exactly what it wishes to convey! As Klein thought, he suddenly found it amusing as he made Senor speak.

"No, being crafty doesn't necessarily equate to not leaving clues.

"The Sequence 8 of the Hunter pathway is Provoker."

At that moment, the Red Angel that surfaced in his mind had the picture of Anderson Hood over it.

Sharron listened silently as she gaped her mouth slightly, but she didn't say a word.

Similarly, Klein was speechless. He felt that the Beyonders of the Hunter pathway truly had an unmistakable style.

In comparison, the red-haired Helene didn't appear anything like someone from the Sauron family.

However, she was rather talented at provoking Vice Admiral Ailment... Yes, back then, the Sauron family members also infuriated Roselle terribly... Klein silently exhaled as he lampooned.

The silent mood was soon broken by Klein. Senor looked around and joked, "Perhaps that's the reason why they were captured and brought here."

"Who was helping Alista Tudor?" Sharron's translucent figure asked, but she didn't seem to look forward to the answer.

"Perhaps it's the six deities..." "Klein" recalled the six deity statues in the hall.

However, he had second thoughts.

"However, the seven deities supported the Trunsoest Empire. The Sauron and Einhorn families were powerful aristocrats of the empire.

"Of course, it cannot be ruled out that they first supported Tudor, and later had a falling out after 'He' went mad."

If it's not the six deities, does it mean that there are other deities supporting Alista Tudor? Who would it be? Klein thought in silence.

Sharron didn't stay any longer as she floated up to the surface, returning to the tree.

Klein stored away Senor's Wraith, allowing it to enter the gold coin inside the iron cigar case. Then, he asked in passing, "Actually, I've always been curious. Where do the powers of pure evil spirits and wraiths who do not have Beyonder characteristics come from?"

"The spirit world," Sharron answered simply.

The conservation of Beyonder characteristics, but the source of Beyonder powers isn't necessarily the same? Yes, perhaps the spirit world itself is the product of some Beyonder characteristics... Klein nodded and looked at the soil beneath his feet.

"I'll continue investigating the whereabouts of the evil spirit. I'll inform you if there's anything."

He planned on asking Arrodes later.

With that said, he took out a pen and paper, scribbled down the method for summoning his messenger, and handed it over.

"You can write to me if there's anything."

Sharron received the piece of paper and seriously looked at it.

"I'll be in the Bravehearts Bar.

"Letters can be mailed to 126 Garde Street, Hillston Borough. Address it to Ma'am Maryam."

"Alright." Klein stuffed his pen into his pocket. In front of Sharron, he used a ritualistic dagger to create a wall of spirituality and resealed the iron cigar case.

Afterward, he crossed the street to stop a carriage like a gentleman, sending Sharron all the way back to the Backlund bridge area.

After doing this, he returned to the high-end hotel in Hillston Borough. Midway, he changed his appearance and switched carriages.

Bayam. Inside the Seaweed Bar.

Danitz, who had spent some time drifting at sea, once again stepped back into the City of Generosity. He planned on helping the Resistance handle some matters.

He pressed down on his cap, sat at the corner of the bar counter, and prepared to first hear about the recent news. He didn't wish to have a bounty placed on me due to untimely or inaccurate intelligence.

At this moment, he heard an adventurer beside him say to his companion, "Hey, do you think Gehrman Sparrow will get someone to claim Admiral of Blood's bounty on his behalf?"

Ah? Danitz subconsciously looked up, looking at the speaker with a blank, confused look.

Chapter 737: Official Appearance

Why would the madman, Gehrman Sparrow, need to find someone to claim Admiral of Blood's bounty on his behalf? That's not right. Why would he be able to claim the bounty? Danitz suddenly snapped out of his confusion and grasped the crux of the matter.

He immediately lowered his head to prevent himself from exposing his shock and confusion.

The adventurers beside him continued their conversation.

"How would that be possible? No one would dare to claim it on his behalf!"

"That's right--unless they wish to bear the wrath of the Church of Storms or selling out Gehrman Sparrow!"

"42,000 pounds... If I can receive that sum of money, I'll immediately head to Backlund to be a tycoon!"

"Haha, wouldn't you be enjoying yourself in the Red Theater for half a year first?"

"Perhaps Gehrman Sparrow can claim it from Intis, Feysac, or Feynapotter. Although it wouldn't be as much as 42,000 pounds, it's definitely in no way a low amount..."

As the adventurers conversed, they began imagining their lives after obtaining 42,000 pounds. They even had a conflict of opinions and began arguing with flushed faces.

No way... Are they implying that Gehrman has finished off Admiral of Blood? No, although that madman always had the intention of doing so, he lacks the required support that he needs. He needs to work with Captain... Anderson Hood? Danitz stood up, pressed down his cap, and kept his head down. He rushed towards the billiard and card rooms where there were newspapers placed there.

Just as he left, the few adventurers from before looked at his back and spoke in hushed tones.

"Do you recognize him? It's obvious that something is wrong with how he was acting so suspiciously!"

"I didn't get a good look, but I think he's a pirate who's here to gather intel."

"Shall we..." An adventurer gestured, slicing his hand across his throat.

"Perhaps it's someone we can't afford to offend. Let's wait and see." Another adventurer stopped his companion's actions.

Danitz entered an empty billiard room, came to the corner, and picked up a stack of newspapers. He quickly flipped through them, and slowly, his expression twisted.

What did that madman do? He really finished off Admiral of Blood? It's only been a few months, and his strength has risen to such a level? Furthermore, the papers didn't even mention Anderson Hood... Danitz was alarmed and thankful that he had wisely chosen to submit in front of Gehrman Sparrow. Otherwise, people would've long seen the news of him being hunted for a bounty.

No, no. Back then, my death wouldn't have been published... Man, Gehrman Sparrow is really a member of a cult... As he thought, Danitz suddenly froze like a statue.

That was because he was apparently, probably, likely a member of that cult...

Haha, the Church and military often like to exaggerate. Yes, it's a secret organization, not a cult! Danitz consoled himself before having the feeling that the organization backing Gehrman Sparrow was surprisingly mysterious and abnormally powerful.

The successful hunting of Senor, one of the Seven Pirate Admirals, was evidence!

Phew... Danitz exhaled as he apprehensively praised The Fool inwardly, expressing his resolve to handle matters seriously.

In a small building near the governor-general's office, Elland and Oz Kent walked out.

"It's finally over..." Elland sighed as he wore his captain's hat.

Oz Kent rubbed his red brandy nose and added with a sigh, "That's right."

They had been interrogated while separated for two full days because of Gehrman Sparrow. They faced Interrogators who were best at such matters.

Thankfully, Elland had never hidden anything from the beginning. He had reported to his superiors that Gehrman Sparrow was of unknown origins, but that he was friendly to the military. It had nothing to do with him since the decision of making this crazy adventurer an informant while having his background investigated was made by the higher-ups.

As for Oz Kent, there weren't any problems at all. He had followed regular protocol when claiming the bounty for Gehrman Sparrow.

As they slowly walked towards the entrance in the middle of the garden, Elland said with a sigh, "Who knew that Gehrman Sparrow was that crazy and powerful..."

According to the little information that they knew, finishing off Admiral of Blood was just one of the most ordinary and trivial matters that Gehrman Sparrow had done that day.

And such a crazy person had made the choice of entering the dangerous Bansy to save a few passengers and crew members who had merely expressed their friendship to him.

Elland later learned that the dangers lurking in Bansy had far exceeded his imagination. The Church of Storms had directly destroyed the entire place!

If I had told the Interrogators that Gehrman Sparrow has a soft and kind heart, they will definitely think I'm lying... Humans are really a mass of contradictions... Elland silently shook his head.

After hearing Elland's poignant remark, Oz Kent replied with a wry smile, "Back then, I thought you introduced me to a relatively strong adventurer. But in the end, he even finished off Admiral of Blood! Damn it. I even think he has the strength to become the fifth king. You wouldn't doubt what I say if you look at the forest and those nearby mountains!

"That place, it's like... it's like..."

Elland glanced at Oz Kent and finished his sentence for him: "It's like it was blasted by the coastal defenses more than a hundred times over."

"That's right!" Oz Kent agreed with Elland's description.

By then, the two had walked out the main entrance.

Elland looked at the night sky with twinkling stars and the dark crimson moon. After a few seconds of silence, he adjusted his collar and said, "Let's hope he doesn't return to the sea again..."

Bayam. 6 Sfere Street.

Dressed in children's clothes, Denton ran up to the study and said to his elder sister who was practicing her sketching, "Donna, th-they say that Uncle Sparrow is a bad guy, a cultist, and a murderer!

"Th-they even showed me the newspapers!"

Donna turned her head as she wrinkled her nose.

"No way!

"Uncle Sparrow is a righteous, brave, and kind adventurer. We saw it with our own eyes. These are definitely more reliable than the papers!"

She hesitated for a moment before eloquently saying, "A-although he had a very terrifying and ugly appearance, it was the price for his dreams and the power to protect! Denton, remember, the papers often like to fabricate content based on rumors or hearsay."

"Yeah!" Denton nodded heavily. "I've already cursed them!"

Donna praised her brother and subconsciously looked out. She saw that the street lamps had cast their light into their garden. It was tranquil, serene, and gentle.

Hillston Borough, inside a high-class inn.

Klein folded a white handkerchief and placed it in his left breast pocket, and he raised his hand to retrieve his half top hat.

Today was the day for the mysterious tycoon, Dwayne Dantes, to officially appear in public!

He didn't wait for the sale of the bike company shares or the mystical items, and he planned on first using the remaining 2,962 pounds he had to cover his initial expenses.

This was sufficient, as it was equivalent to six to seven years of an upper-middle class family's income!

Arrodes didn't enter my dream last night. This means that he's unable to sense my return to Backlund without any close contact. That's a good thing. Yes, I'll contact it with the radio transceiver tonight to inquire about the evil spirit. I won't need to go through this hassle in the future, Klein mumbled inwardly as he held his cane and walked out of the hotel.

At that moment, the sun was shining through the thin mist, elating the moods of the pedestrians. Klein got onto a carriage, and he went straight for Cherwood Borough's City Family Servant Assistance Association at 9 Canylowell Street. He planned on hiring an experienced butler, and get him to organize the servants needed for a villa.

In the City Family Servant Assistance Association, Baylin ended a conversation with a male colleague that came to talk to her. She lowered her head to clean up the two drops of black tea on her lotus leaf-colored dress.

At that moment, she heard a mellow and heavy voice that time had left its mark on.

"Good morning, Ma'am."

Baylin hurriedly looked up and towards the reception. She saw a gentleman in his forties, wearing a tailcoat made of silk and carrying a gold-inlaid cane. Apart from the three buttons on his clothes, there was a golden chain that extended into his pocket.

This gentleman had a pair of deep blue eyes, and he was good-looking. Even the tiny white patches on the side of his hair had added to the air he exuded. Just a smile from him made Baylin feel her cheeks turn warm.

"Sir, h-how may I be of service? Ah, right. How may I address you?" Baylin hurriedly got up and said.

"Dwayne Dantes," Klein warmly replied with a smile. "I wish to hire a butler, a good one."

"Mr. Dantes, please wait a moment. Have a seat." Baylin hurriedly led Klein to the guest area, and she reached out to point at a cloth sofa.

Klein held a smile without rushing or nagging her. He very patiently sat down and awaited the staff to provide him with a list of names of the butlers.

What a gentleman... Oh no, I forgot to ask him what requirements he has! Baylin raised her hand to touch her cheeks and said, "Mr. Dantes, what kind of butlers are you looking for?"

Klein was already prepared as he replied with a mellow voice, "It's best if they have served in a noble family before."

This aided Dantes in widening his social circle.

Baylin gradually grasped her professional knowledge as she said in detail, "Butlers like that are rare. As you know, nobles seldom change their butlers unless they're unable to provide an effective service. Furthermore, even if they aren't able to be a butler, they're able to fill other positions in a noble household.

"In addition, the wealthy often have a considerable demand for such butlers, and they're willing to offer salaries with a premium. Mr. Dantes, we do have the kinds you are looking for, but their annual salaries are above 100 pounds."

That makes the weekly salary about 2 pounds and up... An ordinary butler's annual salary is 40 to 80 pounds, which is 15 soli to 1 pound 10 soli a week. That appears to be at the level of a technical worker's salary, but the master will provide room, food, clothes, charcoal, and other necessities. A butler practically has zero expenditure... An annual salary of 100 pounds and above is really expensive... Klein quickly did the math as he replied as though he didn't take much notice, "No problem. As long as they're good butlers."

Chapter 738: Life of a Tycoon

"Please wait a moment. Would you like coffee or tea?" Baylin asked warmly.

Klein laughed and replied, "I enjoyed coffee when I was younger, the rich and fragrant kind, but now, I prefer black tea."

"I prefer black tea as well. Then... a cup of marquis black tea?" Baylin suggested with a smile.

The coffee and tea provided to guests at the City Family Servant Assistance Association were ordinary in quality, ranging from low to medium quality. Marquis black tea was tea that Baylin had brought from home for her own enjoyment.

Klein wasn't a simpleton, and he was great at observing. Just as he walked through the door, he would take in everything about his surroundings without anyone noticing. He discovered that the coffee and tea container placed in the display case were very ordinary, and he believed that the quality was definitely lacking. Therefore, he believed that marquis black tea was likely reserved by the association for VIPs, or it belonged to the lady before him. Regardless, it expressed how sincere she was.

He didn't expose her as he smiled. "Thank you, you leave me unable to reject your suggestion.

"How may I address you, ma'am?"

"Baylin, just call me Baylin," Baylin said with a smile which resembled a blooming flower.

She immediately briskly walked inside, and she selected suitable candidates from her colleague. Then, she returned to the reception counter, picked up a tin container, and skillfully brewed a cup of black tea.

Sigh, with a good-looking face and a good disposition while being dressed in a way that speaks volumes of my status, I can still sense the friendliness from a beautiful girl even though I'm middle-aged... Klein was having such an experience for the first time as he couldn't help but sigh.

This made him further understand the importance of the Faceless principle of ultimately "being yourself."

If he didn't keep this in mind and lost himself to the benefits brought about by his appearance, he would keep maintaining the corresponding appearance, resulting in him forgetting or even rejecting his former self, and he would gradually lose his identity!

Soon, Baylin carried a white gold-rimmed porcelain teacup and placed it in front of Dwayne Dantes. She said with a smile, "It still needs some time to cool down."

Klein looked down at the cup, and he said half-jokingly, "Perfect, this gives me the time to adjust my mood to more formally face this cup of black tea."

His compliments and gratitude made Baylin feel even better. She found him a true gentleman, one who knew his way with words.

He's definitely not a believer of the Lord of Storms... Baylin combed her slightly curly brown hair, and she returned to the room to hurry her colleague.

Before long, she came over with a stack of documents and sat on the single-seater beside him.

"After the screening, we have three suitable butlers. I'll briefly introduce them to you.

"The first person is Mr. Asnia, age 55. He once served Viscount Yorkville, but after this viscount had a failed mining prospect investment, his family fell into a particular financial situation, and he had to sell its land and manors while terminating many of its servants. In the past decade, he was hired by two tycoons, and he has contributed significantly to the management of their households."

As she spoke, Baylin's brown eyes sparkled like two stars were hidden in them. She exuded the unique vibes of a teenage girl.

Klein nodded slightly and said, "Then why did he leave the two tycoons?"

Baylin replied with a smile, "The first tycoon invested greatly in East Balam, and his whole family had moved there. Mr. Asnia wasn't willing to leave Backlund, so he offered to resign. The second tycoon's health isn't too good, and he had handed the family business to his son who has a butler he trusts more.

"Mr. Asnia is a believer of the Evernight Goddess, and his political allegiance lies with the Conservative Party. He expects an annual salary of 130 pounds."

"May Goddess bless him." Klein tapped four spots in a clockwise manner on his chest, forming the sign of the crimson moon.

Baylin's eyes lit up as she asked, "Mr. Dantes, are you a believer of the Goddess?"

"Of course." Klein nodded with a smile without explaining further.

It's no wonder he's so gentle! Baylin praised inwardly as she continued introducing, "Mr. Rebach, age 48. He once served the Negan family, and he was the deputy butler for a long period of time, as well as an assistant to the butler. Later, after a transaction, he became Baron Syndras's butler.

"Shortly after Duke Negan was assassinated, Mr. Rebach, whose contract came to an end, didn't receive a new contract from the baron, so he had no choice but to seek our help.

"He's not a staunch believer of the Lord of Storms, and his personality is without problems. His political allegiance lies with the Conservative Party. He expects an annual salary of 120 pounds."

Klein listened silently, nodding from time to time as a response, but he didn't cut off Baylin's description.

Baylin flipped through the documents and took a few glances and spoke again.

"The third person is Mr. Walter, age 42. He had been the land steward and assistant butler at Viscount Conrad's household. Due to certain matters, he had a conflict with the butler, and he chose to leave. He expects an annual salary of 115 pounds.

"He's a believer of the Evernight Goddess, and his political allegiance lies with the New Party."

Oravi Island's new governor-general is a member of Viscount Conrad's family. This family pledges loyalty to the royal family... The relevant information quickly flashed through Klein's mind.

After the introduction, Baylin handed over the stack of documents.

"Mr. Dantes, who do you wish to choose?"

Klein fell silent for a few seconds before saying with a smile, "Let's do this. Let the three of them come to where I live tomorrow at 9 a.m. I'll meet them and have a chat with them to make the final decision."

He knew that such associations didn't provide lodging, and it was purely an agency. Even if he made the selection right there and then, he still had to wait until the afternoon or tomorrow to see his butler. Therefore, he decided to have a small interview to select the person that matched his intentions the best.

"No problem," Baylin said with a smile. "May I know your address?"

Klein sipped the black tea, picked up a pen and paper from the table, and wrote down the location and name of the hotel he was staying in.

"You just came to Backlund?" Baylin blurted out a question when she saw it.

Only then did she realize that Mr. Dwayne Dantes's skin was slightly darker than normal. It was slightly bronze-colored, seemingly a result of tanning. It gave him quite a rugged flavor.

Yes, he doesn't have a Backlund accent... Baylin slowly recalled more details.

Klein smiled.

"I came from Desi Bay. I'm waiting for an excellent butler to help me seek out a suitable house and servants."

After handing over a 3-pound deposit, he politely drank another sip of black tea and got up to bid farewell.

Baylin sent him all the way out of the door and watched him board the carriage.

Mr. Dantes also seems to be a tycoon... Compared to that, his bearing and gentlemanliness are even more charming... Baylin stood in her spot as she casually thought.

On the carriage, Klein half-closed his eyes as he leaned against the wall, and he couldn't help but calculate the subsequent expenditures awaiting him.

The butler will cost around 120 pounds. Taking into account the average cost, a valet will cost 35 pounds, a chef 30 pounds, a gardener 25 pounds, a carriage driver 25 pounds, a nursery governess 20 pounds, three ordinary lady's maids 15 pounds, and three maidservants 10 pounds. This way, just the servants alone would cost 330 pounds a year. It's equivalent to 6 pounds 7 soli a week. This already exceeds my salary back in Tingen.

Furthermore, I'll need to have a carriage which costs about 100 pounds. I need a garden and house, and the weekly rental fee is about 2 pounds. With all the food, clothes, and charcoal expenditure for all these people, the overall cost is ridiculous.

Is this the life of a tycoon...

Klein suddenly felt a little regret over choosing such a persona.

He exhaled as he tried hard to ignore the matter. He took a carriage to Phelps Street in North Borough.

There was a pure-black cathedral here, with a clock tower on each side, producing a symmetrical beauty. This was none other than the headquarters of the Backlund diocese of the Church of the Evernight Goddess, Saint Samuel Cathedral.

Klein adjusted the handkerchief on his left pocket, held a gold-inlaid cane, and strode into the cathedral and walked down the quiet aisle. Under the sunlight which penetrated the colored glass panes, he came to the main prayer hall.

It was very dark, making one's mood automatically turn peaceful. Klein casually found a spot, leaned his cane, and took off his hat. He then closed his eyes and prayed.

Time passed, and after listening to the preaching, he slowly got up, walked to the altar, and bowed at the bishop with short, black hair. Then, he walked to the donation box by the side.

Exhaling silently, Klein took out two 10-pound notes, six 5-pound notes and stuffed it inside.

The bishop caught this sight through the corner of his eye as his expression couldn't help but turn soft.

Typically, unless they specially solicited for donations or received donations from a deceased's will, the cathedral's donation box received tens of pounds at most.

This meant that the person was a tycoon, a rich person!

Chapter 739: The Encountered and the Yet-to-Be-Encountered

In the main prayer hall of Saint Samuel Cathedral.

The black-haired bishop retracted his gaze and stopped looking at the middle-aged gentleman in front of the donation box, nor did he have any intention of chatting with him.

Here, before the holy altar, he represented the Church, and he was under the Goddess's sight. He couldn't show more warmth towards anyone because of their generous donations.

However, he remembered the gentleman's good looks and mature, refined disposition. He planned on attempting to get to know him when the opportunity arose in the future.

Seeing the final note slip into the donation box, Klein closed his eyes and turned to leave.

When passing the preaching bishop, he deliberately glanced at the clergyman and smiled with a nod.

The bishop returned with a warm smile as he tapped his chest four times in a clockwise fashion.

Klein wasn't in a hurry to make contact with the relevant personnel. He needed his actions to adhere to logic, and not to have any jarring actions that would incur suspicion. He silently and coolly turned to the side to give way to another devotee, and he made way down the aisle back to his seat. He then picked up his hat and cane before walking out of the cathedral.

At that moment, with the preaching done, the devotees either went forward to the donation box to express their sincerity, or they got up to leave without feeling that there was anything wrong. After all, it wasn't compulsory.

Even a devotee who passionately donated was unable to donate money every time. It usually depended on the family's exact situation, doing it once or twice every one to two weeks.

At the level of a commoner, each donation was in the form of pennies, while middle-class devotees ranged from three to five soli. The wealthy and nobles used pounds, but they didn't exceed 100 pounds.

This was under ordinary circumstances. During the Evernight Goddess's holy memorial day every year, which was the Winter Gifts Day, the amount donated would increase several times. The commoners with a little bit more cash to spare would choose two to three soli, while the middle-class donated around 5 pounds. As for the members of high society, they directly donated to the diocese bishop or Church's charitable organizations, ranging from several hundred pounds to a few thousand pounds.

Winter Gifts Day was the day in a year when the night was longest. It was believed to be the birthday of the Evernight Goddess.

After leaving the cathedral, Klein stood at the square outside. He watched idly as pigeons flew up, circled around, and landed.

He even bought some food from a nearby street hawker. He leisurely fed the pigeons, and he had no plans on flipping through the advertisements in the newspapers to find a suitable residence in North Borough since it was the butler's mission.

An excellent butler who had lived in Backlund for many years ought to know the different nobles and tycoons, as well as the best middle-class individuals who could provide their masters with help. He would know which streets to live in and, from there, purposefully choose a residence.

The interaction between neighbors was the first step for a newcomer to enter the relevant circles!

Be it the Carleton Club where members of the Conservative Party gather, the Club of the Free of the New Party, or the various in-service and veteran clubs for the military, they also require a recommendation before any contact can be made... Sigh, this is also the so-called club politics in the kingdom. Klein reined in his thoughts as he considered what he should do after he was done setting up the pigeon-feeding persona he created.

After careful consideration, he discovered that there was really nothing that needed his immediate attention. This was because his plans were stuck on the surface.

Hence, he planned on enjoying an expensive and sumptuous lunch. This was an action Dwayne Dantes ought to have, and it was also a result of Klein's own curiosity.

In the months when he was in Backlund, he didn't manage to muster the courage to head to the most famous restaurants in the big city to broaden his horizons. He kept choosing one of the four--his own dining hall, the buffet cafeteria of the Quelaag Club, the ordinary restaurants by the streets, and Lawyer Jurgen's dining hall. Otherwise, he would head to East Borough and settle his breakfast and lunch in what seemed like a very oily coffee shop.

Laborie Restaurant? Its head chef is said to be from Earl Hall's family. He has provided tycoons, successful lawyers, high-ranking government officials with usually hard to come by flavors... Earl Hall had apparently invested in this restaurant and holds quite a major stake in it... Hmm, this restaurant mainly serves local Backlund cuisine. It's very famous for its desserts, but its price is horrendous...

Intis Srenzo Restaurant. It serves the most authentic Intis cuisine. Heh heh, many of the specialty dishes use Roselle's name, claiming that it originated from the emperor's palace dishes... Besides, it's not like most of the restaurants of the same class where they only offer a few main dishes every day. It has a wide variety... Klein recalled the information of the top restaurants he had read from the papers and magazines, and he finally decided on trying out the emperor's palace dishes.

He didn't stay any longer as he got on a horse carriage and headed for the Intis Srenzo Restaurant in West Borough.

At the entrance, Klein handed his coat, hat, and cane to a red-vested waiter as he asked, "Are there still any available seats? I didn't make a reservation."

"Yes, sir." The red-vested waiter didn't show any abnormal behavior as he humbly asked, "Sir, is this your first time here? Are you alone?"

Klein nodded frankly and smiled.

"Yes."

"Then, may I have the honor of introducing you to some of our most unique dishes and fine wine that our restaurant has to offer?" As the waiter spoke, he led the guest in.

"That's exactly what I need." Klein passed through the beautifully decorated door, and he saw walls that nearly reflected golden light.

Instantly, he felt as though he was in a gold vault.

Then, he noticed oil paintings hung on the walls, marble statues that were placed at suitable locations, as well as golden objects that were embedded or adorned in different spots.

"Please watch your step," the attendant warned him as he led Klein to a spot by the window. Violin music played in the background of the restaurant.

The waiter brought him a food menu and a wine menu as he flipped it open and introduced, "These are our most famous dishes--red-braised Tagia beef short ribs, black truffle porcini mushrooms, Intis-styled foie gras. I would like to point out that our foie gras comes directly from the Bonas farm in Champagne province in the Intis Kingdom..."

As Klein listened to the waiter's introduction, he browsed through the menu written in ancient Feysac, as the prices caught his eyes.

After introducing the main dishes, starters, and desserts, the Waiter began explaining how the wines should be matched. Finally, he said, "The champagne, red wine, and white wine we have all come from a famous brewery from Champagne province. We even have Aurmir red wine from 1330. Its price is 126 pounds. If you wish to purchase it, you can take it along with you or store it with us, drinking a cup every time you come."

126 pounds... I can already hire an excellent butler with that... Heh heh... Klein smiled with great grace.

"Your dishes and wine are excellent. It's really difficult to choose."

The red-vested waiter gave a hospitable smile.

"You can choose the chef's recommendations for the day. It will be an authentic and delicious Intis meal arranged by our main chef. There are three choices--15 pounds, 10 pounds, and 8 pounds."

I don't want any of them... Klein leaned back slightly as he smiled.

"I'll have the 15-pound set meal."

"Alright." The red-vested waiter took away the menus, and he walked towards the kitchen.

Klein drew a breath and slowly exhaled as he casually observed the area before him.

Suddenly, he saw a familiar figure. It was a lady wearing an olive-green dress.

She was tall, with an excellent figure. She wore a black, out-of-fashion bonnet, with a fishnet veil hanging down and concealing her face.

As a Faceless, Klein had a strong ability to discern the external characteristics of humans. He immediately identified the lady.

Queen Mystic, Emperor Roselle's eldest daughter, Bernadette Gustav!

He wasn't in a rush to look away as he naturally moved his gaze to the side. Bernadette didn't seem to notice anything abnormal as she disappeared around the stairwell.

Why would she appear here? Right, this restaurant's specialty is Emperor Roselle's palace dishes. Heh, it's nothing like the Chinese cuisine I thought it would be. He probably doesn't know how to cook and at best, is able to describe the concept. There are stir-fried dishes here... Hmm, could the owner behind the scenes actually be her? Why is she here in Backlund instead of floating out at sea? Hasn't she found Hero Bandit Black Emperor? Klein sat down with a calm expression as questions arose in his mind.

Meanwhile, on the streets, a carriage was driving towards the Intis Srenzo Restaurant.

Sitting in the carriage was Aaron Ceres's family. This famous surgeon was a member of the Quelaag Club, a good friend of Sherlock Moriarty. He had once sought out the detective to handle Will Auceptin's matter.

Ever since his wife became pregnant, he found his luck had become rather good. His business was improving by the day, and his income was rising by the month. He recently successfully completed Baron Syndras's surgery, and he received the commendation of this newly promoted noble. He was invited to the Srenzo Restaurant to have lunch with him.

"It's said that the ice cream is pretty good," Aaron smiled as he said to his wife.

His wife was a black-haired beauty, and she was already obviously pregnant. She smiled demurely and said, "I'm more looking forward to Emperor Roselle's palace dishes."

Aaron tersely acknowledged as he looked out the window.

"We're almost there."

Just as he said that, his wife held her tummy and frowned.

"It hurts a little."

Aaron, who wasn't a first-time father, immediately checked on her and didn't discover any problems, but his wife was feeling greater discomfort. The child in her womb seemed to be pulling a tantrum.

"I-I think I won't go over there. I wish to return home to rest," Aaron's wife suggested.

Aaron thought for a while and said, "I'll accompany you home."

He immediately ordered his valet, "Get down here and head to the restaurant to apologize to Baron Syndras on my behalf."

After the carriage began its return, the discomfort that Aaron's wife suffered was relieved. By the time she walked through the doorstep, everything was normal.

She pointed at her tummy, exasperated.

"It seems he doesn't want to eat ice cream."

Achoo! In the Intis Srenzo Restaurant, Klein, who hadn't spared any dish, felt the pinch but began enjoying his ice cream in satisfaction. Midway, he found his nose itchy as he sneezed into a piece of tissue paper he pulled out.

West Borough. In a dark house.

Fors, who had already advanced to Astrologer, participated in all kinds of Beyonder gatherings, in search of the possibility to earn money.

She owed Xio 220 pounds, and she was even suspected by her good friend of being involved in illegal gambling.

I can't even afford to buy my essential crystal ball... As her thoughts wandered, Fors suddenly heard a member at the gathering say, "I wish to sell a Moon Puppet."

Chapter 740: Self-Recommendation

Moon Puppet... Fors's heart palpitated as she refocused and looked at the gathering participant who had just spoken.

The man in a black iron mask had already taken out a small puppet and showed it to everyone.

"I have a friend who discovered a series of graves deep in the Southern Continent's Paz Valley. This puppet was stuck in the deceased's right eye socket.

Fors observed the puppet seriously just like the other gathering participants. She discovered that it was slender, and its entire body resembled a tiny wooden piece that had been engraved with crescent-like eyes and a mouth. Embedded in it were dried grass and flowers.

Doesn't look like anything special... Fors mumbled inwardly. Her spiritual perception didn't sense anything as her pen-wielding hand continued hovering over a bronze-green notebook.

The man in the iron mask continued the introduction:

"My friend and I are unable to determine what use this puppet has, and we can only suspect that it's not simple. It might also hide quite a secret.

"60 pounds. For just 60 pounds, you can have it. This price is very fair. Even if it has nothing to do with mysticism, it's not a bad antique worth forty to fifty pounds.

"That is to say you'll be spending 10 pounds to have a chance of a pleasant surprise. To you, this is a small sum of money."

A very tempting explanation. This gentleman is likely a successful salesman. However, I don't even have 10 pounds... As Fors engaged in a self-deprecating laugh, she didn't believe that anyone would buy the so-called Moon Puppet of unknown origins and usage.

Just as she had that thought, she heard a female voice which was deliberately suppressed.

"50 pounds."

Is she too rich, or is she willing to try her luck? Fors subconsciously turned her head to look at the speaking person, only to see the lady wearing a hooded long robe. Her face was hidden in the shadows.

At that moment, the owner of the Moon Puppet laughed.

"I'll be more inclined to keep it for myself. Perhaps, there might come a time when I discover what's so special about it."

As he spoke, he realized that no one was offering a better price. He immediately said, "Of course, as a gentleman, I'll satisfy your wish since you have expressed your desire and have given a reasonable price."

"Deal," the hooded woman replied with a deep voice.

Soon, the gathering's attendant helped them complete the transaction. Fors noticed that the lady's hand was trembling slightly after she received the Moon Puppet.

She places great importance on the item... She might actually know what's so special about the puppet... Moon Puppet... Moon... From the Southern Continent... Fors suddenly made connections and recalled the few Primordial Moon believers who Mr. Moon was searching for. She began having a suspicion that the hooded lady was one of them, or that she had a connection with them.

Of course, she had zero evidence. She didn't even have much of a compelling reason to have such a guess.

Phew... Fors silently exhaled as she decided to find a way to verify her theory.

She casually moved the hard-covered notebook in her hand, making a yellowish-brown goatskin appear.

On the piece of paper were all kinds of patterns that formed an ancient, mysterious picture of unknown intent.

This was one of the pages of Leymano's Travels, and it recorded a particular Beyonder power.

It wasn't a recorded power which Fors had gathered herself, but one of the five original pages when she received it.

Fors looked up, and she pretended to observe the transactions of the others while fully taking in the hooded lady's situation.

She discovered that there was a mosquito with dark-brown spots on a nearby wall and unknown worms that were slowly squirming on the ground.

Fors's finger naturally slid across the yellowish-brown goatskin's pattern as a complicated symbol quickly formed in her mind.

Silently and without showing any odd signs, she felt that she had "understood" the brown pattern, as her thoughts connected with the other party's.

The dark-brown-spotted mosquito flew at a low height.

It circled beneath the hooded lady and carefully clung to her front.

The mosquito's vision was different from a human's since an incomprehensible scene appeared in Fors's mind. But it soon disintegrated and reformed into a rather normal scene.

The hooded lady had a rather curved outline with dark skin. Her brows were thin and the corners of her mouth drooped significantly.

Fors immediately recognized her. She was none other than the Primordial Moon believer, Windsor Behring, who Mr. Moon was searching for!

An effective clue is worth 100 pounds, and directly finding her means 500 pounds! Fors recalled the reward as she immediately became flustered.

Her first reaction was to drive the mosquito to bite Windsor Behring and suck her blood. That way, she could later use astromancy to directly lock onto her location.

However, she gave up the idea after struggling for a moment. That was extremely taboo in a Beyonder gathering. If she were discovered, she would definitely be attacked by all the participants of the gathering.

And the host of the gathering often had considerable strength. Going too far would make her actions easy to detect!

Hmm, I'll just get the 100 pounds. If there's another chance, I'll consider how to lock onto her directly... I have to leave this gathering early and smear my blood over Leymano's Travels to prevent myself from getting lost. That would be dangerous... Fors repressed her disappointment as she made her final decision.

In fact, her actions were already out of line; hence, she didn't wish to stay another second longer.

Hillston Borough, inside a high-class hotel.

Klein stood behind an oriel window as he silently took in the crimson moon and thin clouds in the sky.

Some time later, he combed the white hair around his temples and reached out to draw the curtains.

Then, he went to the trouble of moving the radio transceiver back to the real world and spent the time "airing" out most of its "smell."

This time, he only waited about ten seconds when he felt the room turn dark and eerie. He heard the radio transceiver begin producing clicking sounds.

Klein approached and saw a piece of illusory paper spew out. On the paper were words composed of Loenese: "Great Master, please look right!"

Right... Klein turned his head in amusement and curiosity to his side.

He saw a full-length mirror, which had already turned dark, as though it was smeared with a layer of ink.

Just as a thought flashed in his mind, the full-length mirror lit up. Illusory fireworks began shooting inside the mirror as it burst and scattered down in a beautiful and dazzling display.

Meanwhile, the full-length mirror produced a line of golden Loenese words.

"Welcome back, Great Master!"

At that moment, although Arrodes didn't produce any sound, Klein had the baffling feeling that it was hysterically shouting.

As the fireworks came to an end, the golden text distorted and formed a new line of text:

"Great Master, your loyal and humble servant, Arrodes, wishes to ask you how I might be of service to you?"

Klein was already very accustomed to this as he said in a practiced manner, "Answer my questions."

The golden line of text reformed again.

"Thank you for your answer. You may ask."

Prepared, Klein said, "Where did the evil spirit in Williams Street go to?"

The full-length mirror's golden text froze for a few seconds before they slowly disappeared. As for the blooming fireworks in the background, they first blurred before a new scene became clear.

It was that of an abandoned chapel where withered vines crawled over its walls, and gray stones were strewn everywhere.

Klein found it rather familiar. It was where he and Sharron had once conversed with the evil spirit.

The scene drew close as Klein saw that in a corner of the collapsed chapel was a tiny pit that wasn't too deep. There were clear signs of it being dug up with one's fingers.

Miss Magician mentioned this before... As Klein's thoughts surfaced, the scene produced a cold voice that hid a smile:

"It's a pleasure working with you!"

As those words came out of the soil, the scene immediately turned distorted like a water surface being stirred before the scene completely shattered.

Pleasure working with you... Who did the evil spirit speak to?

To make an angel from the Hunter pathway use such a tone, the person opposite it mustn't be someone of a lower level. That person might even be an angel. However, why would "He" use his hands to dig? "He" should have a much easier method that didn't waste that much time...

The angel is also restricted in a certain sense? Hmm, just like that Grandpa in Leonard's body? Right, Leonard was in Backlund back then! This is a clue, but there are other possibilities. Something at the level of an angel doesn't equate to being an angel...

The evil spirit controlled Baronet Pound to contact someone? It seems that the Intis and Feysac spies were just a smokescreen that was deliberately set up by the evil spirit. As expected of a Conspirer... Thoughts ran through Klein's mind as he said to Arrodes, "Second question: I have three butlers to choose from. Who do you think is the most suitable?"

Golden Loenese words appeared one after another:

"If you choose Rebach and Walter, there might be an additional development. Asnia is the most professional, but he's also the most ordinary."

Hmm... the two who were formerly under the service of Duke Negan and Viscount Conrad do allow for additional development... Klein nodded in thought.

"It's your turn to ask."

At this moment, a bunch of golden text appeared:

"Great Master, what do you make of me being your butler? As long as you bring me out of the Church of Steam, I can become the best butler in the world!"

Klein hesitated for a second as he replied, mincing his words, "It's not suitable at the moment."

The golden text in the full-length mirror darkened instantly before it lit up again, reforming the words:

"Alright.

"Your loyal and humble servant, Arrodes, will patiently await the day."

Immediately following that, the full-length mirror produced a complicated picture with some footnotes.

"This is a rune formed with the corresponding symbols and magical labels. Great Master, as long as you are in Backlund, writing it on some paper is equivalent to summoning me."

A mixture of concealment and mystery prying symbols... Klein identified the rune and said, "Okay."

Chapter 741: Butler

At 9 a.m., inside a high-class hotel in Hillston Borough.

Klein picked up a bottle of exquisitely packaged white wine as he handed it over to the elder opposite him.

"Mr. Asnia, thank you for coming. This is a gift of mine. Please accept it.

"At the latest, I'll make my decision by tomorrow. When the time comes, I might come and visit you in person."

This was his euphemistic way of informing the man that he had not been selected.

To be frank, he was rather pleased with Mr. Asnia. He perfectly matched Klein's image of a butler--stern, well-mannered, professional, highly perceptive, and adept at handling all kinds of thorny issues.

As the oldest candidate who lived the furthest away, he had arrived half an hour ahead of time. He had been patiently waiting outside while Rebach and Walter were only fifteen minutes early.

If not for Arrodes mentioning that the latter two allowed for additional developments, Klein felt that he would've chosen this old gentleman. After all, his main goal was to use the butler's social connections to more easily enter high society so as to make contact with the corresponding targets.

The white wine was specially bought from the Intis Srenzo Restaurant, costing him two pounds since he knew someone was destined to be disappointed while wasting money to travel to and fro by carriage.

This could effectively accentuate how generous Dwayne Dantes was and how gentlemanly he was as a mysterious tycoon.

In addition, he didn't think it was right to belittle a butler from a noble family. Such people definitely knew plenty of people in high society, many professional butlers, and countless servants due to their past professional experiences. They covered the entire spectrum of people, and they could affect a gentleman's image, and this was a necessary consideration for entering even higher social circles.

At present, the fifty-five-year-old Asnia had plenty of white hair. His blue eyes were ingrained with the wisdom that time had given him, so he didn't reject Dwayne Dantes's gift. He received it and glanced at it before bowing.

"I love white wine from Garrod. Thank you for your kindness. Your grace is admirable."

Garrod? Yes, the waiter yesterday mentioned that it's a brewery in Intis's Champagne province. It's well known for producing high-end grape wine. Some of the wine of certain vintage years are considered top-notch. Sigh, a butler knows more about wine than me. That's right. Mr. Asnia had mentioned that wine cellars are directly under the charge of the butler or a butler assistant among nobles and the rich... Does this mean that I need to have a wine cellar in the future? Wine costing two pounds is at the bottom of the totem pole, while even Aurmir red wine from 1330 which costs 126 pounds isn't even considered the best... How much would such a wine cellar cost... As he thought it over, Klein felt heavy in the chest. He began to suspect that the 2,888 pounds he had set aside from the gold coins weren't going to last long.

If not for the training he had during his time as a Clown, he definitely would've lost his cool and not reply with a smile.

"Your fondness for it is the greatest form of praise for me. Mr. Asnia, please invite Mr. Rebach who's at the coffee house below up."

Asnia didn't hesitate to agree to it. Less than five minutes later, Rebach knocked on the door and entered the living room.

This gentleman had his blond hair combed neatly. The edges of his eyes and mouth had some wrinkles which weren't too distinct. He had a ruddy complexion and a masculine bearing. It was obvious that he was a butler who could accompany his master hunting or even fend off enemies.

After exchanging greetings, Klein invited him in to take a seat while smiling. He went directly to the point.

"Forgive me for being honest. I don't understand why you would become the butler of Baron Syndras. Your father was the assistant butler to the Negan family, and your grandfather was the land steward of the same family. Many of your ancestors served the duke and his relatives until they returned to the arms of god. You should have had such a life trajectory as well."

Due to Emperor Roselle's influence, the various countries in the Northern Continent went from using their fief and aristocratic title to indicate their nobility to just their names and aristocratic titles. Only under special formal occasions would they use the former. Of course, there were a few nobles whose names stemmed from their fiefs.

Rebach gave a standard smile and answered, "Baron Syndras is a newly promoted noble, an old friend of the late duke. Therefore, I was sent to his family to help him and his family get accustomed to noble life and grasp the corresponding etiquettes."

The late duke he was talking about was the present Duke Negan's father, the Pallas Negan who had been assassinated the previous year.

"Then, why did you leave the baron's family later?" Klein deliberated and asked.

Rebach answered honestly, "Although Baron Syndras obtained his aristocratic title via the Conservative Party, he is one of the most famous bankers, investors, and enterprise owners in the kingdom. He was one of the earliest multi-millionaires, and he had a strong penchant for the New Party. He was willing to provide a certain degree of support to them, creating friction between him and the Conservative Party nobles, including the younger duke.

"Therefore, to prevent the baron from being put in a difficult position, I offered to leave. He actually tried to keep me, and he was an excellent employer."

Klein nodded and asked, "You believe in the Lord of Storms?"

Rebach seriously replied, "Yes, the Lord gives us courage, zeal, and a sense of responsibility."

Klein asked a few more matters about butlers and received a detailed response. Then, he said with a smile, "Might I trouble you to invite Mr. Walter who's at the coffee house up?

"After I'm done chatting with him, I'll make the decision. You can wait in the coffee house for about ten minutes."

"Alright." Rebach didn't harp on the matter and immediately got up to bow. After bidding farewell, he left in a manner that exuded the air of a military man.

As he watched him leave and close the door, Klein sat back down, picked up his black tea, and took a sip. He muttered silently, If I were to choose him, I'll likely establish certain connections with the present Duke Negan and the Conservative Party. The additional development might include the situation before the assassination...

Before long, Walter arrived and entered after knocking on the door.

Klein first exchanged some pleasantries before asking, "What conflict did you have with Viscount Conrad's butler? You should understand that I need to understand the situation. I cannot afford to risk offending a noble."

Walter had a broad forehead with raven-black hair and brown stern eyes, but he wasn't a person who appeared taciturn. He thought for a few seconds and said, "As a butler assistant, I was responsible for the viscount's children. During this process, due to certain matters, I was appreciated by a particular important figure. As such, I won the recognition of the viscount, which made the butler wary against me.

"Later, that important figure passed away due to an accident, and as a result, the viscount's attitude towards me changed. The butler treated me even worse, making me believe that it was pointless waiting for things to improve."

In charge of the viscount's children, and he got to know an important figure... Hmm, Talim also got to know Prince Edessak from teaching Viscount Conrad's youngest son. And the prince passed away a few months ago because of the Great Smog of Backlund... This matches Walter's explanation... From the looks of it, this butler was one of the peripheral victims of that matter... He's rather cautious and professional. He didn't expose his former employer's negatives or reveal the matter about the prince, nor did he speak ill of the viscount's butler... If I select him, the additional development is something to look forward to... Klein listened silently as he made some connections.

He then switched to asking some professional questions, expressing his desire to enter high society. After receiving a satisfactory answer, he straightened his clothes, got up and smiled.

"Let me introduce myself again. I'll be your employer, Dwayne Dantes."

Walter immediately bowed and said, "Sir, how may I be of service?"

He kept maintaining a stern, old-fashioned, and unperturbed demeanor, as though these were the professional traits of a butler.

"Two matters," Klein replied with a chuckle. "First, help me hand this bottle of white wine to Mr. Rebach who's waiting at the coffee house. Please express my apologies and gratitude to him. Second, hire a solicitor to write up a professional contract that will include you and the other servants."

"Alright, sir." Walter bowed once again.

As Klein handed the white wine over, he asked, "Walter, how many servants do you think I need to hire in order to not appear improper?"

While Walter received the bottle of Garrod white wine, he replied without any hesitation, "You should first determine where you will be living. Only then can you know how many servants you actually need."

"Oh, do you have suggestions? My requirements are simple. I wish to live in North Borough, as I'm a pious believer of the Goddess." Klein drew the crimson moon on his chest in passing.

According to the information I read on the papers and magazines, a gardened villa in a high-end district has to be at least 3 pounds a week. That makes it 156 pounds a year... Although there are no direct numbers, I can infer that the suburb's best gardened villas cost about 2 pounds a week. A high-end apartment with a few rooms and halls would cost about the same. It's been mentioned that that's relatively extravagant, a place where only the richest of the middle-class can afford to rent. Yes, from that, I can preliminary estimate the rent of a tycoon's house...

It's expensive just thinking about it. Back in Tingen, Benson, Melissa, and I spent 13 soli a week on a gardenless terrace house. There was an additional 5 pence for the use of furniture. In the house I lived in Minsk Street, it didn't even reach 1 pound...

Sigh, so be it; even if it's 3 pounds. I have 2,888 pounds. It shouldn't be a problem renting a slightly better one... No problem at all... While awaiting Walter's answer, Klein silently recalled the information regarding rental costs. He began calculating how much he needed to pay every week and every year.

Walter considered it for two seconds before replying in a serious manner, "Sir, you can choose 32 Boklund Street. It's close to Saint Samuel Cathedral, and it's a three-story manor with more than ten rooms. It comes with a stable, a servants' quarters, and a rather large garden. Living nearby are baronets, House of Commons members of parliament, and senior lawyers...

"The interior design is especially tasteful. There are plenty of famous paintings and antiques. All the furniture and wares are enough to accentuate your identity. You can rent it for a year first. If you find it satisfactory, you can consider buying it entirely."

Sounds pretty good... Klein asked with a smile, "How much is it to rent for a year?"

Walter sternly and skillfully reported the number, "Including the use of furniture, 1,260 [1] pounds a year."

Klein was glad that he wasn't drinking any tea, or else he would've spewed it all across his butler's face.

He mustered nearly all of a Clown's control in order to prevent any abnormalities from showing on his face.

1. Author's Note: The rental prices of houses are referenced from "Money in the Past - on the Economic Life of People in Beijing, Paris, and London in the 19th Century" and "British study of Victorian middle-class marriage and family life". A house costing 1,260 pounds is an embassy rented during the Qin dynasty. As for whether there was a premium to it, I've no idea.

Chapter 742: Decided

After a brief moment of silence, Klein raised the black tea and took a sip. He said with a smile, "It's something that can be considered, but Emperor Roselle once said to never be in a rush to make a decision. Only after repeated comparison will one receive the best answer.

"Are there any other options?"

Walter, who wore a white glove, replied without any abnormality to his expression, "Phelps Street would also satisfy your request. I recall that Unit 9 is available for rent. It's a two-story villa with more than ten rooms. It comes with a stable, the servants' quarters, and a small garden. The furniture and wares are relatively old, but they're considered decent. The annual rent is 220 pounds."

That's quite a reasonable price... Reasonable... However, Phelps Street means that it's less than 100 meters away from Saint Samuel Cathedral. Although this does help in being right under their noses, many of the pedestrians will be Nighthawks. It would be very inconvenient for me to leave and return, making it easy to make mistakes... Klein, who originally had a budget of about 160 pounds, suddenly felt 220 pounds was a pretty good price after undergoing the catharsis of the gardened manor's price.

This made him suspect whether Butler Walter had deliberately offered him an expensive choice at the very beginning.

Klein pondered for a few seconds and said, "Any others?"

Walter replied without showing any signs of impatience, "160 Boklund Street is also available for rent. It's a three-story house which also comes with a garden, a stable, servants' quarters. There are more than ten rooms, but its location isn't as good as Unit 32. The decorations, furniture, and wares can be considered decent. It has an annual rent of 315 pounds."

315 pounds... The rental fee flashed past Klein's slightly numb mind. He asked in thought, "What do you suggest?"

At that moment, he had already decided on an answer, but as an employer, he wasn't in a rush to express his decision. This was because he would easily be belittled if his decision had a slip up in common knowledge.

Walter seriously thought and said, "160 Boklund Street.

"In comparison, the neighbors here will be more helpful in entering high society. As for Unit 32, it's overly extravagant. To rent it immediately will make your surrounding neighbors believe that you lack the necessary self-restraint, making it seem inappropriate."

To put it simply, to rent a house costing 1,260 pounds a year so easily will make neighbors define me as an ostentatious nouveau riche... To a tycoon who's trying to enter high society, such a reputation will be terrible... Klein sipped his black tea and asked with a smile, "Then, why did you offer me the selection of 32 Boklund Street?"

Walter unhurriedly bowed and said, "Honorable sir, I'm only a butler. My responsibility isn't to decide, but to present all suitable options and give you certain suggestions for your consideration.

"In a situation where I'm unaware of your exact preferences, I have to do my best to provide you with all possible options."

Very professional... He's likely worried that Dwayne Dantes is a nouveau riche who enjoys flaunting his wealth, so he first gave the choice of 32 Boklund Street as a way to probe me, so as to adjust his suggestions and management style... Klein smiled and said, "Let's eliminate Unit 32. We shall choose one of the two.

"Before I make the decision, I'm accustomed to paying a visit. Let's head off after lunch."

"Yes, sir." Walter continued wearing that stern, old-fashioned expression.

South of the Bridge, Harvest Church.

Emlyn White was wiping the silver candle stands as he was mulling over the clues provided by Miss Magician.

A secret Beyonder gathering... That's equivalent to providing no clues. It will be rather difficult to pursue the matter. And I won't be able to participate in the gathering in short notice... Emlyn observed himself in the silver stand's surface as he combed his hair.

Then, he put down the wiping cloth, retreated to the first pew in the cathedral, and sat down as he watched Bishop Utravsky praying seriously before the altar with his gaze unfocused.

Thoughts came to his mind as they occasionally created sparks.

Emlyn suddenly grasped a detail.

Why would a puppet that garners the Primordial Moon believer's immense interest happen to appear?

Moon Puppet... This feels like it's bait. C-could it be a trap designed by Rus Bathory and the others? Emlyn's eyes lit up as he suddenly stood up.

Rus Bathory was a Sanguine Baron who was participating in the hunting competition. He was viewed by Emlyn as his strongest competitor.

The more Emlyn thought about it, the more he found it as a possibility. This was because he knew that Bathory was an antique enthusiast, one who especially enjoyed collecting all sorts of strange trinkets from the Southern Continent!

After pacing back and forth a few times, he curled the corners of his lips and chuckled. He silently said, I have no way of entering the Beyonder gathering to seek out the location of Windsor, but I can monitor Rus Bathory and finish off the target before he does!

Haha, I look forward to his expression when that happens.

Yes, Miss Magician's clue is indeed worth 100 pounds.

Just as Emlyn was feeling abnormally excited, Father Utravsky ended his prayers, walked over, and looked down at him. He said with a gentle voice, "Our piousness is not in our language, but in every detail of our body language. You were not being focused enough today.

"Wipe the candle stand again."

"A-alright," Emlyn replied, suddenly feeling ashamed.

After the priest turned to walk to the confessional, he snapped to his senses as he muttered, amused and incensed, II'm not pious at all. I don't have to appear pious!

Rows of straight Intis parasol trees lined both ends of the street, making the streets appear beautiful and tranquil. With his gold-inlaid cane in hand, Klein slowly walked out of Unit 160.

He silently drew a breath and turned to look at Walter.

"Tell the owner that II'm very satisfied.

"I'll temporarily rent it for a year. We might move to a better place later, such as Empress Borough."

His words hinted at his ambition to obtain an aristocratic title, as Empress Borough was a place where the nobles gathered.

As for why he didn't rent half a year to save on money, it was because such high-end estates only accepted long-term contracts. One year was the minimum.

To be frank, if money wasn't an issue, Klein had quite a liking for the house. Its lawn was clean, and the garden was beautiful. The furnishing was befitting, and the wares were exquisite.

There were plenty of bedrooms, sufficient furniture, and many washrooms on every floor. Even the stables and servants' quarters at the back weren't shoddy work. It was the best residence Klein could've ever imagined in the past.

Walter immediately replied, "I'll hire a solicitor in a while.

"Sir, what specific requests do you have regarding servants?"

Klein strolled underneath the Intis parasol trees and smiled.

"I'd first like to hear your suggestions."

Walter thought for a moment before saying, "Sir, you will need a housekeeper regardless."

During the interview, Klein had mentioned that Dwayne Dantes wasn't married and had no children, nor did he have any mistresses in Backlund; therefore, he didn't need a lady's maid.

Dwayne Dantes nodded gently without expressing any intentions. Walter continued, "Her duties would be to manage the female servants and the expenses of the household. Sir, you can't leave everything to me or the same person. Balance is an art in politics, and it's also a good method when managing a household. Emperor Roselle once said that absolute power definitely corrupts.

"I'm confident in myself before money, but it's only confidence."

Hmm, very honest... A housekeeper is needed. She'll cost about thirty to forty pounds a year... Klein nodded.

"Okay."

At that moment, Walter was walking behind Klein to his side. He extended his hand to stop a rental carriage.

On the carriage, he continued, "I will get the Family Servant Assistance Association to produce a name list for the selection of the housekeeper. You shall choose her personally, and I won't provide any suggestions.

"Based on the current residential situation, you will also need a steward who can be male or female. You will need a valet, a lady's maid in charge of the bedrooms, and two chambermaids who will be in charge of the living room and activity room. Two footmen to valet guests, a parlor maid, a scullery maid, two laundresses, and two handymen.

"Apart from those, you will need a cook, two gardeners, two coachmen or one coachman and an assistant coachman. If necessary, you can have an additional attendant, a steward's boy, a nursery governess, and a second cook.

"You currently do not have any carriages, but you'll definitely have two in the future. A four-wheeled carriage costs about 300 pounds. A two-wheeled one costs about 100 pounds..."

As he listened to his butler introduce the required servants in detail, Klein's mind went numb. He didn't wish to do the accounts on how much he needed to spend. After all, it was paid on a weekly or monthly basis, and not an annual basis.

Ignoring the attendant, steward's boy, nursery governess, and second cook, there will be ten to eleven male servants, and the female servants with the housekeeper will number about nine to ten... It's basically several times what I calculated. Each week's expenses will exceed 10 pounds... This can only be determined after all of them are hired and their salaries are negotiated... There's also the carriage... Klein's mind couldn't help but drift when he saw Walter's mouth moving nonstop.

Seeing the staid and extremely dignified Mr. Dwayne Dantes nodding from time to time, Walter subconsciously broadened the topic.

"In the future, you will also need to rent a manor in the suburbs to entertain friends to have a wonderful weekend over there. There's no rush. It can wait until you hold several dances and banquets at Unit 160...

"Sir, do not mention housemaids in front of the neighbors of this street. Only those with salaries below 500 pounds a year will hire housemaids because they're unable to hire enough female servants to handle the different parts of the household..."

Klein listened numbly as he reflexively wore a warm smile.

Back at the hotel, he watched Walter leave before he sat back down, his expression collapsing.

When it was twenty minutes to three, Klein rubbed his temples and slowly got up. He went into his bedroom and prepared to begin this week's Tarot Gathering.

Chapter 743: A Diary Page

Above the gray fog, in the palace with the towering dome.

The Fool Klein glanced at The Sun, who had been pulled up ahead of time, as well as The World who had been conjured in advance. Emanating a little bit of his spirituality, he made contact with the crimson star representing Justice, The Hanged Man, The Magician, The Moon, and The Hermit.

Beams of light rose up as relatively blurry figures appeared on the two sides of the long bronze table.

Justice Audrey, who had just returned from a tree farm leading to the castle, had already changed into a dress. Her sleeves were layered in laces that were filled with lustrous pearls.

Like clockwork, she stood up, lifting the corners of her skirt as she curtsied.

"Good afternoon, Mr. Fool~" Klein instantly felt better as he nodded with a smile in response. Meanwhile, he couldn't help but sigh.

To act like a tycoon costs so much money. I wonder how huge the expenditures are for a noble like Miss Justice...

After all the members exchanged greeting nods, he looked at The Hermit, as he knew that this pirate admiral would likely provide him with new Roselle diary entries.

As he had expected, Cattleya spoke out:

"Mr. Fool, I only managed to find one page of Roselle's diary."

Just one page? Shouldn't Queen Mystic be able to produce an entire book anytime she wants? Klein, who had been met with repeated tribulations recently, remained composed as he nodded.

"That won't be a problem."

Cattleya immediately conjured a yellowish-brown diary page. It then seemed to tear through the spirit world and enter Mr. Fool's hands.

Klein deliberately looked down, and he was surprised to discover that the beginning of the diary entry didn't have a date.

That means that it's a second page from another diary page... Why didn't Bernadette give me the first page? She should be able to figure out dates. After all, Old Neil succeeded... Did she not? Or were the diary pages thrown into a mess, and she wasn't able to restore them to the correct order? Does this mean that Emperor Roselle's belongings were vied for by various factions after his death? Some were lost, and at that time, Bernadette was unable to stop them. Only when she became Queen Mystic did she have the ability to get involved... As Klein guessed, he quickly began reading the content on the piece of paper.

"How surprising. The Fourth Epoch history divulged by Mr. Door is getting more and more interesting.

"This unlucky b*stard who's trapped amidst the storm and lost to the depths of darkness told me that the Black Emperor died once and had revived again.

"Surprisingly, this matches what was said in that ancient secret organization. Back during that gathering, they said that the nine secret mausoleums of the Black Emperor weren't all destroyed. Even if this deity who walked the land were to perish, 'He' could resurrect.

"Even if all nine mausoleums were destroyed, as long as the order left behind by the Black Emperor remained, 'He' had the ability to strangely resurrect. Only with the birth of a new Black Emperor would he be completely obliterated, never to appear again.

"According to Mr. Door's description, the Black Emperor had three stages in the process of 'His' resurrection. First is that the Uniqueness leaves the person possessing it, turning into an abstract concept. Second is when the subjects of the Black Emperor hear 'His' mighty voice again. The third is that, when fused with the Uniqueness, the Black Emperor would reappear in the astral world. The three Sequence 1 Beyonder characteristics would automatically be returned into the emperor's hands. This is an order that other true deities are unable to distort or prevent.

"This way, the Sequence 1 Prince of Abolition of this pathway, Blood Emperor, and Night Emperor would be in a rather awkward situation. They might instantly perish, falling back to Sequence 2. Mr. Door said that back then, the Lord of Storms and the Evernight Goddess had chosen the Night Emperor. They helped 'Him' switch to a neighboring pathway--the Justiciar pathway. As such, the Tudor-Trunsoest United Empire fractured.

"And Blood Emperor Alista Tudor, who was pushed into a corner, made a crazy decision. It was to switch to a non-neighboring Beyonder pathway. He paid the cost of losing his reasoning, becoming a lunatic so as to forcefully advance and become a true god.

"I have to say that this decision is filled with irrationality. It's almost impossible for it to happen, but Mr. Door told me that Alista Tudor eventually succeeded. The craziest true god was born!

"It's truly fascinating, but Mr. Door didn't go into the details since he kept it from me.

"I asked him which was worse--lunacy or death. 'He' said that the obvious answer was death, because as long as one remained alive, recovery wasn't impossible even if one had gone completely mad.

"'He' laughed and gave an example. A mad true god could follow 'His' instincts and mate with all kinds of living beings, giving birth to all manner of descendants. Through this process, if 'He' were fortunate enough, the conflicting Beyonder characteristics would be purged. The madness would slowly fade with time as 'He' improved bit by bit.

"Mr. Door deliberately didn't say if there would be any remnant problems, nor did he explain why almost no one made such a choice, but I could tell that there was definitely some huge hidden risks.

"I have to say, Mr. Door's understanding of true gods far exceeds my imagination. Before 'He' was exiled, 'He' might've made an attempt to reach Sequence 0... It's no wonder 'He' shows such contempt to Zaratul, and he has zero respect for the various true gods.

"This only makes me more unwilling to let 'Him' return to the real world."

There's plenty of information... It's no wonder that Bernadette deliberately chose this diary page... Wait, why did she choose this page? What important meaning is there behind it? Did problems begin to slowly happen to Emperor Roselle from that day until he eventually went mad? Mad...

Could it be... No way... Roselle's situation back then was similar to Blood Emperor Alista Tudor. His pathway was severed, and the neighboring pathways were blocked by either people or items, making it difficult to reach them... C-could it be that under the immense stress, he made an irrational choice like Blood Emperor, and he had attempted to switch to a non-neighboring pathway?

This way, the craziness in his later years was a result of him truly losing his reasoning, not a result of the defamation from others. It's no wonder Bernadette hated and betrayed him but is also trying to figure out the truth... From this angle, certain things have become very interesting. Roselle forcefully ascended to the throne and declared himself emperor, his declaration of the Civil Code, using the order from Earth's 18th and 19th century to replace the existing order. He wantonly spread his speeches and promoted his sense of aesthetics...

Heh heh, I really belittled this "senior" of mine. I always thought he was cosplaying Napoleon or Caesar for his own entertainment. So it was him making preparations to become the Black Emperor... No, I saw a few pages of his diary back then. His thought processes were clear, and his emotions were stable. He could even communicate with various noblewomen of different ages...

Hmm, he might not have made the final decision back then but was subconsciously leaving a way out for himself?

The Civil Code probably wasn't deliberate. As a usurper to the throne, declaring new laws is necessary, and from what he could use for reference, the Civil Code was what matched the situation and flow of history...

The actions of him declaring himself emperor later on must be something Bernadette found incomprehensible. She found it difficult to accept... As Roselle's most beloved child, she probably noticed certain abnormalities with her father before he declared himself king. Hence, she chose the longest diary page during that period of the emperor's life to give to Admiral of Stars... Klein couldn't help but make connections, as though the heavy history hidden deep in the fog was being turned over to reveal a page filled with blood and iron.

This made him curious about the final trigger that made Roselle go mad.

Meanwhile, he also resolved some of his puzzlement.

So the resurrection of the Black Emperor is done this way. It's very similar to my previous guess...

In the Fourth Epoch, there was actually a Tudor-Trunsoest United Empire which was supported by the six deities like the Lord of Storms and the Evernight Goddess... The two thrones in the ruins in Williams Street can be explained then, as it belonged to the United Empire...

According to Mr. Door, the six deities chose the Night Emperor, resulting in the United Empire fracturing. Then, who helped the Blood Emperor capture or kill the three Sequence 1 Hunters? Among them, Red Angel Medici was likely stronger than the Blood Emperor from back then... Primordial Demoness? Death? Primordial Moon? Dark Side of the Universe? Mother Tree of Desire?

Klein tried listing possibilities for his guesses, but he had nowhere to begin.

He quickly made the diary disappear as he smiled at The Hermit.

"What's your request?"

Cattleya frankly answered without holding back, "Is there someone else apart from Emperor Roselle mentioned in this diary entry?"

This question made Audrey turn to look at Mr. Fool. Her eyes sparkled as they were filled with curiosity. Even her ears seemed to prick up.

Alger was also very interested in the matter. That person definitely wouldn't be an ordinary person to be mentioned in Emperor Roselle's diary!

Klein could guess at their thoughts as he couldn't help but lampoon inwardly.

It's only because this diary entry was specially selected by Bernadette. If it were any other entries, I'd have to tell you that the other people mentioned are Demoness A, Demoness B, Hunter A, Hunter B, some aristocratic ma'am, some aristocratic lady...

After two seconds of consideration, Klein, who was leisurely leaning back into his chair, replied with a smile, "Mr. Door."

Mr. Door... To be addressed by Mr. Fool in such a manner, it must be an existence that's close to a god, right? Audrey figured out Mr.

Door's status from the tone and words used as she obtained an affirmative answer.

Cattleya and company also had similar ideas, but no one knew who Mr. Door was. They looked at each other only to be met with the shaking of heads.

Seeing Fors and the other members have a uniform reaction, Klein deliberately looked at the lady and chuckled.

"You shouldn't be a stranger to 'Him.'"

"Ah?" Fors wore a confounded look.

She didn't feel like she knew a so-called Mr. Door.

This person seemed to be of a very high level!

Chapter 744: Sale

I'm no stranger to Mr. Door? Apart from Mr. Fool, the only one II'm no stranger to will be the seven deities. Furthermore, I've only been to the cathedral of the God of Steam and Machinery... As Fors was feeling puzzled, she quickly recalled which high-level existence she could have made contact with.

Since there weren't many, she quickly eliminated all the other possibilities. Her eyes lit up as she made the connection with the contents of what Mr. Fool had originally said to her.

She looked at the end of the bronze table that was enveloped in gray fog. Her voice trembled as she asked, "Is 'He' the one who created those ravings during the full moon?"

Klein chuckled with a nod. "That's right."

Ravings during the full moon... What's that? Audrey and company exchanged looks as though they were ordinary people who had just entered the mysterious world.

They had never heard of any so-called "full moon ravings."

As expected, Miss Magician isn't simple. She actually knows about Mr. Door, and she's aware of the corresponding matters. My initial judgment wasn't wrong... Although the Beyonder ingredients she needs are relatively low, there are too many possibilities... Cattleya nodded her head indiscernibly, planning to ask more about Mr. Door during the free exchange. She was also willing to pay a certain price for it.

An existence who could be seriously mentioned by Emperor Roselle and addressed by Mr. Fool in a rather formal manner, had to have many secrets involved. It was definitely nothing simple!

At that moment, Fors silently exhaled. She felt that she was one step closer to removing her curse.

At the very least, I now know who's producing the full moon ravings... She lowered her gaze and sincerely said to Mr. Fool, "Thank you for your reminder."

Klein didn't speak further, nor did he point out that Mr. Door was suspected to be the ancestor of the Abraham family, Bethel. After surveying around the table, he said with a casual tone, "You may begin."

With that said, he immediately controlled The World to say with a hoarse voice, "I have two mystical items for sale."

Two mystical items... Mr. World has recently been able to produce something of great value at every gathering... He lives up to being Mr. Fool's Blessed... Audrey poignantly sighed in amazement as she cast her eyes towards the other end of the long bronze table. Clearly, she was looking forward to The World's explanation of the powers of the item.

Alger was tempted, as he knew that the mystical items The World sold were definitely up to mark. However, thinking back to his lack of savings, with the secret to the primitive island already given to him, all he could do was silently sigh, feeling depressed.

He still had five hours before arriving at Pasu Island, and he was yearning to immediately fly over and complete his report. Then, he could leave the area, find an Obninsk to advance to Ocean Songster.

Once he did that, he could explore that primitive island with The World, obtaining the relevant rewards, so as to ease his financial situation!

As for Derrick, Emlyn, and Fors, although they were somewhat curious about the mystical item, they lacked the desire to actually purchase it.

One of them could submit an application to the six-member council to select one mystical item which the City of Silver had for becoming a Sequence 6. The other wished to receive the rewards from the hunting competition, and he wasn't certain what the rewards would be; therefore, blindly purchasing items made it easy for redundancy and wastage to happen. Furthermore, he only had the two to three thousand pounds needed for the reward for clues. As for the last one, she didn't even have the money to purchase it.

Cattleya looked at Gehrman Sparrow with piqued interest as she considered the possible origins of the mystical item.

If it was suitable, without clashing with the two mystical items she had, she didn't mind buying it.

Seeing how the two major clients appeared interested, The World gave a deep chortle.

"One of them is Scales of Luck. It's what I named it..."

As he spoke, he requested Mr. Fool to conjure the silver necklace that had an ancient coin dangling from it.

After introducing its mystical effects and negative effects, he glanced at Audrey and specially gave a warning, "I suggest that Beyonders lacking in combat strength don't purchase it. Although it can allow one to avoid a fatal blow, the subsequent backlash is equally dangerous. One needs to have sufficient combat strength and sharp reactions to have a chance of surviving the backlash."

Thinking back to how she took on more of a support role, one that leaned towards control and influence, as well as her lack of combat experience, Audrey nodded with slight disappointment. It was an indication that Mr. World was right.

Mr. World is pretty nice to me and the Tarot Club members. He's willing to give such a warning. This would've prevented him from selling it... Audrey adjusted her understanding of The World.

The Hermit found the description extremely familiar. She had apparently heard of the effects of the Scales of Luck.

Scenes quickly flashed through her mind before finally being fixed onto a few particular scenes. Cattleya's eyes constricted as she blurted out in surprise, "Senor?"

It's likely Admiral of Blood Senor's necklace! It looks similar, and the effects are identical! Where did Gehrman Sparrow obtain it? What did he do this time? Did I miss some important news over the past few days while the Future was out at sea? Cattleya instinctively suspected that The World had stirred up something massive again!

Klein thought about it and controlled The World to laugh deeply.

"He's already dead."

He wasn't against letting Miss Justice and company realize that Gehrman Sparrow was equivalent to The World. After all, there were already two people who knew, and he didn't plan on using this identity frequently in the future.

A powerful member who often took action made the rest of the Tarot Club feel a greater sense of belonging.

He's already dead... Gehrman Sparrow killed Senor? In the previous battle, I only held a slight advantage over him... Cattleya discovered that she was increasingly unsure of The World's strength.

Although Admiral of Blood's bounty was higher than hers, it was mainly because he did more evil deeds. In terms of strength and mystical items, Cattleya was slightly stronger.

It wasn't as if she had never had any conflict with Senor. She had held the advantage several times, but she had failed to mortally wound him.

As for Gehrman Sparrow, she believed that he was inferior to her when they met on the Future. he was even unlikely to defeat Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy in her optimum state.

Only when this crazy adventurer completed his advancement and hunted Slaughterer Kircheis did she determine that he truly had the strength of a pirate admiral and was someone at her level.

However, a week had just passed, and Gehrman Sparrow had completed another hunt. He had finished off Admiral of Blood Senor who was one of the top three pirate admirals!

Cattleya knew that she herself was incapable of doing so!

He's dead? Admiral of Blood Senor is dead? Gehrman Sparrow did it? He's killing one Sequence 5 a week? Furthermore, each one of them is stronger than the last... Even if he's Mr. Fool's Blessed, isn't such strength too ridiculous? Especially when he hasn't become a demigod... Was it done with the help of the other Blessed? The Church should have the relevant records, but at my present position, I won't be able to read them... Alger was secretly alarmed as he automatically began to consider a reasonable explanation.

Audrey was still in her family castle in East Chester County. All she read was a few newspapers and magazines that involved the entire nation, so she wasn't aware of what happened at sea. However, from Ma'am Hermit's tone and words, she could tell that Mr. World had done something incredible again!

Senor... Mr. Hanged Man had apparently mentioned it before. It's Admiral of Blood's name... Mr. World finished off this pirate admiral and obtained his mystical item? How amazing. That's practically what I dreamt of! Back when I had heard of the Seven Pirate Admirals, I had imagined myself becoming a powerful Beyonder to adventure out into the sea to capture all of them and hand them over to the kingdom... So our Tarot Club is already this powerful!

Hmm, I have to investigate who killed Admiral of Blood. That way, I'll be able to figure out Mr. World's real identity... But would he be unhappy about that? No, he mentioned it himself, so he's likely willing to let himself be known... Audrey thought in glee.

Fors, who needed to read various newspapers to obtain material,

instantly recalled a piece of news that she had recently read:

Admiral of Blood Senor was suspected to have been killed by the crazy adventurer, Gehrman Sparrow!

C-could it be that Mr. World is the crazy adventurer worth, no--is the crazy adventurer with a bounty of 50,000 pounds!? Fors felt respect. She began to believe that he had the ability to help her finish off the Aurora Order Oracle, the suspected Traveler, Lewis Wien!

Emlyn shared similar feelings as Audrey. This was because he seldom read minor newspapers. His area of activity didn't include any information gathering grounds. As for Derrick, he wasn't one bit surprised. He had long confirmed that Mr. World was extremely powerful. Even though Mr. Hanged Man had once mentioned that Admiral of Blood Senor was very powerful, he believed that Senor was inferior to Mr. World due to a lack of any direct impression of him.

Cattleya said after a few seconds of silence, "How much do you plan on selling it for, or what item would you like to trade it with?

"If the price is suitable, I can consider it."

Great! There's finally someone who's interested! Klein, who was burdened with immense financial pressure controlled The World to say, "12,000 gold pounds."

He was afraid Cattleya would be frightened away by such a price, so he quickly added, "You can choose to pay a portion with gold coins. That way, all you will need is 11,000 pounds."

Klein believed that Admiral of Stars, who had plundered gold-carrying ships from various nations, definitely had some gold reserves. Even if she didn't have much, she could exchange for them from other pirates. This would allow him to make his first payment to Miss Messenger.

As for fishing up sunken ships, due to the existence of the Church of Storms, Klein believed that any easily discoverable ships would've long been found by the irascible Storm bros.

Sea King isn't weaker than Sea God, and there had to be a handful of people at the level of Sea King inside the Church of Storms!

Cattleya did a silent calculation and said, "4,000 pounds worth of gold coins and 6,500 pounds in cash. We can close the deal if you are agreeable."

The money wasn't easy to raise, even for her, but she had the Moses Ascetic Order backing her. Spending about 10,000 pounds to obtain the Scales of Luck was something that no secret organization would object to.

As expected of a pirate admiral... Unfortunately, I have to avoid the Rose School of Thought, and I can't clean out Admiral of Blood's ship... Klein made The World carefully consider it before saying, "Deal."

Chapter 745: Knowledge is Money

Finally... At the instant that they reached a deal, Klein heaved a sigh of relief. He felt the pressure on him significantly decrease.

Although Miss Messenger had said that the 10,000 Loen gold coins could be paid in installments, and she hadn't specified when it would begin, Klein didn't wish to drag out payment for too long, afraid that he would incur the wrath of Reinette Tinekerr.

After all, she was a spirit world creature at the demigod level. If she really ended up mad, she had the means to make things difficult for her "employer" even if she was restricted by the contract!

Besides, the cost of acting as a tycoon is just too high. The salary of twenty plus servants and the corresponding costs is only just a tiny portion. There's still the carriage, horses, wine, gifts for neighbors, banquets, and investments to conceal my status, each of them more expensive than the last. If I don't save up enough cash, II'm afraid I'll go bankrupt and be unable to continue...

Sigh, 6,500 pounds with the cash I already have should be able to last until I confirm my target, right? No, the experiences from the past two days have proven to me that I should never use my own understanding to imagine a tycoon's life. I probably still need another five to six thousand pounds to barely maintain it... Klein wished to raise his hand to rub his temples, but he ultimately held back.

He soothed his mind and made The World look around again before saying with a hoarse laugh, "The second item is Biological Poison Bottle..."

He used a relatively succinct description to describe the conjured brownish translucent bottle. He emphasized the few poisonous traits it had, how long it took, how to prevent the effects ahead of time, and any negative effects it gave while carrying it.

Audrey felt a chill down her spine as she felt a little embarrassed. She felt the former because of the terrifying poison that made one rip off their skin and flesh, while the latter was a result of the strange aphrodisiac effects it had on a wide area.

This is truly a crazy mystical item... Hmm, it's the type that needs to be prepared ahead of time to show its full effects. It's quite useless against an ordinary Spectator because observation and reading minds can help the Low-Sequence Beyonders of this pathway detect the danger ahead of time and make the necessary actions... However, there's no need for me to do so. If I were to detect danger ahead of time, I can directly cry out for my guards... B-besides, I don't like such effects! It will easily harm myself! Audrey, you're already a mature and rational Beyonder. You can't buy everything you see! Audrey seriously considered it for a few seconds before giving up on asking the price.

Seeing Miss Justice not ask for the price, Klein couldn't help but let The World add, "5,200 pounds."

Audrey bit down on her inner lips as she politely shook her head.

"I wish to obtain a mystical item that's more offensive in nature."

Spectator was a pathway that lacked any direct attacks in the early stages, one that was only effective at affecting or controlling their targets.

"5,200 pounds." Alger, Fors, and Emlyn repeated the price softly in unison before they shirked all thoughts about it.

"5,200 pounds..." Cattleya suddenly seemed to recall something as she paused obviously. She then quickly added, "It's not necessary for me."

Ma'am Hermit seems to be afraid of something... Audrey acutely read her emotions.

For a split second, Cattleya felt that the Biological Poison Bottle had a lot of synergy with Poison Expert Frank Lee. Furthermore, their powers didn't overlap too significantly, and they even complemented one another. She was wondering if she should purchase it for her first mate since he had saved up quite a bit of money, but considering how Frank Lee might come up with terrifying experiments after obtaining the Biological Poison Bottle, she trembled and gave up on the idea.

She didn't wish to see the deck of the Future produce the children of the crew, the kind that mooed.

After the gathering is over, I'll write to Miss Sharron and tell her that Admiral of Blood's necklace has been sold. All that's left is the Biological Poison Bottle... Klein hid his disappointment, and after some thought, made The World speak, "I have a Book of Secrets. It's a book on mysticism left behind by the Southern Continent's Shaman King Klarman. It's suitable for Mid-Sequence Beyonders who have pretty good foundations.

"The price is 1,000 pounds."

Knowledge is money!

Having undergone the teachings of Mr. Fool, Mr. Hanged Man and the other members of the Psychology Alchemists, Audrey was tempted.

She now had an extremely solid foundation in mysticism, and she had a desire to improve further.

The Psychology Alchemists will likely teach me some mysticism knowledge of a higher level in the future, but it will definitely not be all-encompassing and will be limited to the domain of the mind... Audrey easily convinced herself as she nodded.

"This is exactly what I want."

Fors was equally interested, but the thought of how much money she had made her close her mouth. As for the other members, they didn't lack such knowledge.

As expected of Miss Justice. She doesn't bargain at all. My bottom line was actually 800 pounds. No, I don't have one at all. It's not like knowledge can only be sold once... Klein happily made The World chuckle.

"Deal.

"However, I have to remind you not to pray to the Primordial Moon. It will make you become a lump of squirming flesh that only knows to wildly mate with different creatures to produce all kinds of children. Of course, you cannot pray to other secret existences. It will be equally dangerous."

Audrey was terrified by what she heard as she couldn't help but change her seating posture.

She then calmed down, turning to look at the end of the long bronze table. She said firmly, "I'll only pray to Mr. Fool when holding a secret ritual."

She had spoken with utmost sincerity and without any hypocrisy.

Miss Justice really worships and trusts The Fool... Klein felt touched and a little ashamed. This was because the Sea God Scepter's domain didn't overlap with the Primordial Moon. He was unable to provide an effective response in certain rituals. All he could do was attempt to use some of the powers of the mysterious space above the gray fog as feedback.

Following that, as The Fool, he expressed his attitude on the matter:

"Very good."

Meanwhile, having achieved his goal, he made The World say, "I have an Interrogator Beyonder characteristic here for just 1,200 pounds."

... How many items does he have... Fors was dumbfounded.

Considering how Xio was still lacking in money and lacked the corresponding formula, all she could do was retract her gaze and pretend as though she hadn't heard him.

As for the Interrogator Beyonder characteristic which was in the hands of Mr. Fool's subordinate, she didn't believe that he would keep it that long for her.

Seeing no one respond, The World coughed and said, "II'm done."

Just as he said that, Alger, who had been waiting all this time, looked at Cattleya and said, "I wish to know where Obninsk sea monsters that do not belong to the Church of Storms are."

Obninsk sea monsters that don't belong to the Church of Storms? The Hanged Man really isn't a member of the Church of Storms? Cattleya frowned a little before easing them.

"I'll help you ask. We'll talk about the price when I have actual clues."

"Alright." Alger silently sighed.

A few seconds prevailed before Emlyn said to Fors, "I'll pay you the 100 pounds for the clue today."

"Thank you," Fors said without a delightful expression.

Mr. World's transactions were all in the thousands or more. It made her feel a little numb to such a pittance.

Emlyn then looked towards Derrick.

"The crystallized roots of the Tree of Elders and supplementary ingredients you need have been acquired.

"Hand me the list of resources and monsters around the City of Silver, and I'll choose a few items of equal value.

"Oh, they cost me a total of 2,000 pounds. Adding my payment of 200 pounds, it will be a total of 2,200 pounds."

Emlyn only wished to obtain things that he could quickly sell; otherwise, he wouldn't have much money.

"Alright. Eh, thank you, Mr. Moon." Derrick was delighted for he suddenly felt that Mr. Moon wasn't that irritating after all.

He quickly conjured the corresponding list and handed it over to Emlyn.

Emlyn casually flipped through the piece of paper and suddenly felt that it wasn't right.

This was because just this piece of information had extremely high value. It presented the detailed information and corresponding resources around the City of Silver!

I remember that they didn't pay to see this list... Emlyn couldn't help but glance at The Hanged Man Alger and The Hermit Cattleya.

At that instant, he seemed to understand something.

When he looked at The Sun again, Emlyn had a newfound sense of superiority, as well as a sense of guilt he couldn't get rid of. He cleared his throat and said, "This, this, also this..."

Derrick seriously memorized what was said, and he indicated that there was no need for him to return to the City of Silver, as those could be gathered around Afternoon Town.

Following that, Audrey inquired about clues to the fruit of an Illusory Chime Tree, but she received a disappointing answer.

When the transactions came to an end, it didn't need The Fool to announce it, as they automatically entered a free exchange.

Alger looked towards Little Sun and said, "Are you still in Afternoon Town?"

"Yes, but we will be returning to the City of Silver soon. The new expedition team arrived today." Derrick not only answered Mr. Hanged Man's question seriously, but he even offered a tidbit. "I've already told the Chief that while clearing out the Afternoon Town monsters, I obtained the potion formula for Notary."

The Hanged Man nodded slightly and said, "What was his attitude?"

"He only said, 'Very good,'" Derrick replied, carefully recalling what had happened.

Alger chuckled when he heard that.

"You can be at ease. Your Chief is very happy to see you grow. In contrast, he will be more wary of the Elder Council's Shepherd."

He didn't continue on the topic as he informed all the members of a piece of news:

"Recently, many pirates have been heading to Bansy Harbor. They discovered that it has already been completely destroyed. Even if it's rebuilt, it would take several years."

Chapter 746: Same Night

After hearing The Hanged Man's description, Klein couldn't help but recall Red Angel Medici and the evil spirit found in the underground ruin.

However, he didn't share the discoveries of his exploration this time. Firstly, there wasn't a need to, and secondly, it involved Miss Sharron.

As for the other members, they had already learned that Bansy Harbor had been destroyed. And since The Hanged Man hadn't revealed any new information, there was no need for them to reply to the matter.

Realizing that no one was saying anything, Alger glanced at The World before looking back. He said calmly, "That's all from me."

The Hermit immediately turned to look at Fors.

"Ma'am, what do you know about Mr. Door? I can pay for the corresponding piece of information."

Fors, who didn't wish to expose her problems, suddenly hesitated when she heard the latter half of the sentence. She was momentarily tempted.

Payment. I wonder how much Ma'am Hermit can pay me... I don't really know much about Mr. Door either... Furthermore, some of the knowledge stems from Mr. Fool's words... Fors looked to the end of the long bronze table once again and asked, "Honorable Mr. Fool, can I tell her?"

As he met her every full moon, Klein knew that Miss Magician's financial situation wasn't in the best of states, so he smiled with a nod.

"Yes."

Fors silently heaved a sigh of relief, turned to Cattleya, and said, "500 pounds. You can request for a private exchange."

Cattleya didn't bargain. After some thought, she said, "There's no need. Just say it directly."

She wished to see if the other members would be able to figure out more about Mr. Door from Miss Magician's description.

Fors nodded and deliberated over her words.

"I once obtained a mystical item that helped me traverse the spirit world. But after using it, I would hear strange ravings every full moon or Blood Moon. It would inflict an excruciating pain upon me that puts me on the verge of losing control.

"And according to Mr. Fool, these ravings come from Mr. Door."

She paused and added, "'He' might be asking for help."

So Fors has been silently suffering such pain... She usually doesn't show it, acting as though she greatly enjoys life... As Audrey subconsciously pitied her friend, she began wondering how she hadn't discovered anything abnormal about Fors with her Spectator powers.

Mystical item that can traverse the spirit world... Ravings during the full moon... Suspected to be asking for help... Cattleya repeated Miss Magician's key points as she nodded with satisfaction.

"Thank you for your description."

She then swept her gaze at the other members, regretfully realizing that no one else had any additional reaction.

The free exchange continued and soon came to an end.

Watching the other members leave and helping them complete a few transactions, Klein returned to the real world as he sat in his reclining chair, feeling relaxed as he rested for a while.

Following that, he walked to his desk, and he picked up a pen and paper to write to Sharron. He told her that the Scales of Luck had been sold, leaving only the Biological Poison Bottle for sale, as well as the Lunatic Beyonder characteristic.

After folding the letter, he wrote the information such as "126 Garde Street, Hillston," and "Ma'am Maryam." Then, he opened his iron cigar case and made Admiral of Blood Senor silently appear beside him.

This Wraith acted like a valet as he humbly picked up the letter on the table before vanishing from the room.

A few streets away, a letter appeared out of nowhere in a mailbox as it fell inside.

East Chester County, the Hall Family Manor.

Audrey looked at the mirror with her unfocused green eyes as the contents of the Book of Secrets filled her mind.

This knowledge formed an illusory book that appeared upon being recalled. She could then flip to the corresponding page simply by willing it.

This was a result of Klein directly using a portion of the powers from the mysterious space above the gray fog to create a product that was a fusion of information bestowment and the Seer's dreamscape ability to recall it. It could last a week or two.

And this was sufficient for Audrey to finish reading the Book of Secrets. If she had anything she couldn't recall in the future, she could always request for a bestowment.

Mr. Fool's condition seems to be improving... Audrey thought in delight as a twinkle gradually returned to her eyes.

She stood up, walked to the door, and said to the bored golden retriever who was sprawled on the ground outside, "Susie, you don't look lady-like enough this way."

Susie looked around warily and twitched her nose before saying, "This is the most standard action during hound training."

But you aren't a qualified hound... Audrey lampooned as she said with a smile, "I thought you would reply: 'Audrey, I'm only a dog~"

Susie replied in a serious manner, "An excessive use of repeated words makes it easy for others to grasp your personal habits and mental gymnastics.

"Audrey, that's what that book on psychology wrote."

"..."

Audrey was momentarily at a loss for words. At that moment, she saw her father, Earl Hall, with his valet and attendant walking up the castle's staircase.

Even though it was sunny outside, this place remained dark and gloomy. There were even candle stands that had been lit. They were embedded in the walls as they illuminated the stairs.

"This castle is just too old. I think it needs a major renovation," Earl Hall casually grumbled to his daughter.

Audrey nodded in a demure manner and said, "Yes, my dear earl. This is precisely why I dislike this place. It makes me feel like I'm slowly rotting away."

"But II'm actually spending 13,000 pounds a year to repair this place," Earl Hall said with a regretful chuckle.

Audrey glanced at Susie and smiled at her father.

"Father, is there something for me?"

Earl Hall pointed at the papers in his attendant's hands.

"A telegram from Backlund. Someone is selling 10% of the Backlund Bike Company. Are you interested? I think this industry has a very bright future. And it's currently far from reaching its lowest estimated prospects."

"Bike?" Audrey found the word rather unfamiliar as her eyes darted around, her expression slightly confused.

Earl Hall smiled at his daughter.

"It's a kind of machinery with two wheels that allows a person to ride on it. You can understand it as a carriage for the ordinary person."

"In Loen and Backlund, the majority of the population doesn't mostly comprise of the nobles or businessmen, but the ordinary people who engage in labor work. Next would be the type of people with some technical skill and standing. This is the target audience of the bike. They have absolute numbers, as well as the required ability to purchase it. Even if 10% of them are willing to buy a bike, it will lead to quite a wonderful development for this company.

"Yes, they hold the corresponding patents."

Audrey trusted her father's foresight, and she could understand the prospects as described by him. She nodded gently and said, "How much would the 10% shares cost?"

"According to preliminary estimates, the Backlund Bike Company is currently valued at 50,000 pounds. This is because the product's advertising and sales campaign still needs time to develop further. Therefore, you can't naively believe that the 10% shares are only worth 5,000 pounds. I suggest that you bid 8,000 pounds in the first round of bidding, with a bottom-line price of 15,000 pounds. I will send people to help you in this matter," Earl Hall answered succinctly.

About 10,000 pounds... I've mostly used up the cash for this month... Clearly a little embarrassed, Audrey said, "Father, I won't be able to produce that much money on such short notice. And selling my shares, estate, collections, or await their profits will require some time."

Earl Hall laughed out loud.

"There's no need to go through so much hassle. You can mortgage your shares in the Backlund Munitions Corporation or Pritz Commercial Marine Company to the bank for a short period of time to obtain the cash. Once the matter is complete, you can mortgage the shares in the Backlund Bike Company for a longer period of time, using the mortgage loan to pay off the first loan.

"This way, you'll only need to pay about a week to two weeks of relatively high interest to complete the trade. And the bike company's dividends a year would be enough to cover the interest of the long-term loan. You'll then be able to patiently wait for its value be recognized, and that's a high-probability event."

Although Audrey had never received a complete education in commercial finance, she wasn't too unfamiliar with such matters with a major banker as her father. Some thought had allowed her to understand the entire process as she asked as a form of confirmation, "That's to say, I only need to pay about two to three hundred pounds to obtain 10% of the bike company's shares?"

"Or lower," Earl Hall said with a smile.

Audrey understood her father. As the largest shareholder of the Varvat Bank, as well as the fourth-largest shareholder of the Backlund Bank, he had the ability to help his daughter to obtain the most reasonable interest for a short-term loan.

"Thank you, my dear earl." Audrey smiled as she curtsied.

Under the moonlight, with the dark-blue seawater nearing the color of black, Alger Wilson stood at the bow of the ship as he watched the silent outline of Pasu Island.

This was the headquarters of the Church of Storms, a land where a true god's grace was showered.

As a middle-ranking member of the Church, Alger recalled himself coming here only three times. The first was him finding the Blue Avenger and after advancing to Seafarer. The second was his report last year, and this time. And very long ago, as a mixed-blood with dark blue hair, he had been selected to enter the headquarters to be a member of the children's choir, but without any talent in singing, he was soon dismissed. He returned to the chapel on the island where he was born to be a servant. And the priest there was an extremely violent superior to his subordinates.

Every time he recalled that piece of history, his expression would turn extremely livid, fortifying his thirst to become a high-ranking member of the Church.

Amidst the wind, the Blue Avenger silently cruised forward into the harbor.

In Backlund, which had also ushered in the night, Emlyn White, who was dressed in a starched formal suit and top hat, infiltrated the residence of another Sanguine Baron, Rus Bathory.

He believed that Rus would be taking action soon to reel in his bait. And for a Sanguine, a night with the crimson moon was very suitable for hunting.

After an unknown period of time, Emlyn's eyes suddenly lit up. He saw a figure leap from a window facing the house's rear before landing silently on the ground.

Chapter 747: First Blood

Under the crimson but gloomy moonlight, Emlyn took out a metal bottle, twisted its lid, and downed it.

Then, he seemed to transform into a shadow as he drifted over the surface of the wall, quickly and silently following Rus Bathory.

Sanguine were always known for their speed. The two Barons ran through the sides of the dark alleys and streets, one after another, spending more than half an hour to arrive at the messy and dirty East Borough where they stopped in front of an old apartment.

Seeing Rus Bathory choose to climb the pipe, and using the most stealthy approach to head for the third story, Emlyn slowed down his pace and didn't rush to follow behind him, as he would be easily discovered.

After two seconds of serious consideration, he picked up a translucent perfume bottle, twisted it open, and pressed down on it, scattering the liquid inside it onto his body.

This potion only had one use--eliminate his smell to make it identical to his surroundings!

After putting down the bottle in his hand, Emlyn raised the brass bottle and downed the liquid inside.

A Potions Professor sure is troublesome... he mumbled, looking down as his hands became transparent. The brass bottle seemed to be floating in front of his sleeve.

After Emlyn stuffed the tiny bottle away, all that was left was a formal suit, a top hat, and a pair of leather shoes without any buttons or laces. They formed a human shape as they moved about.

Another completely transparent bottle resembling a perfume bottle flew over and floated in midair as it pressed itself, spurting the potion inside onto the clothes.

Following that, the suit, top hat, and shoes turned faint and completely disappeared.

After completing his "invisibility," Emlyn glanced at the apartment where Rus Bathory had entered. He silently climbed a pipe, and he chased after him with extreme speed.

While the window was still ajar, he floated inside like a transparent cloud, without causing so much as a stir. He hid in the corner as he watched the thin-faced but charming Rus Bathory search for the target.

The latter slowly frowned since the place was empty. There wasn't even a mosquito, much less a person, despite the former becoming active in the past week.

And this Sanguine Baron had already confirmed that the Moon Puppet was here.

Suddenly, a creaking sound broke the frozen silence.

The apartment's main door opened as a woman in a black dress leisurely walked in. When she saw Rus Bathory, she asked with an ethereal voice, "Who are you looking for..."

Emlyn looked in the direction of the sound, and he saw a dark-skinned, long-browed face with soft outlines and a drooping mouth. It was none other than his target Windsor.

However, in Emlyn's eyes, this Primordial Moon's devout believer had certain differences from her portrait. He discovered that her eyes, eyebrows, and mouth were curved up, like they were mimicking the crimson moon.

And her forehead, cheeks, neck, and every layer of skin that she exposed had patches of withered grass and flowers.

...Man, what did Rus Bathory sell to her? Why would she become like this? Emlyn jumped in fright as he felt the hair on his back stand up.

Meanwhile, withered grass mixed with dried flowers grew from the floor, walls, door, and ceiling in swaths.

They began to isolate the room from the outside world, creating an extremely strange scene.

Once Rus Bathory caught the smell of danger, he didn't attempt to converse with her. Without any hesitation, he took out a metal bottle and downed the liquid inside.

Pa!

He threw the bottle as his body dragged out afterimages as he pounced towards the mutated Windsor. His fingernails extended as they swirled with black gases.

The withered grass and dry flowers that were embedded in Windsor's face made her look like a huge doll. She met him at an equally fast speed, clawing at Rus Bathory without any aversion to being injured.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

After a series of collisions, Rus Bathory was sent flying back as he slammed into the wall.

His sleeves were ripped apart, revealing the bone-deep scratches on his skin.

And in the midst of his flesh, the withered grass and dried flowers slowly grew from the inside out!

What a monster... This was the first time Emlyn was encountering such an enemy. He huddled in a corner and nearly forgot to help his kinsman.

He didn't rashly appear as all kinds of thoughts flashed through his mind. As he observed the battle between Rus Bathory and Windsor, he considered how he should deal with the situation.

The strangest of all is the withered grass and dried flowers... Withered grass and dried flowers... They're likely afraid of fire! Emlyn's heart stirred as he immediately abandoned his invisibility, took out another metal bottle, twisted its lid, and downed it.

He then spewed out all the liquid in his mouth.

The grayish-red liquid ignited upon contact with air, extending its scorching flames to the side.

The flames stacked upon each other as the fire extended. Instantly, they engulfed the room in a scarlet ocean of fire!

Amidst crackling sounds, the withered grass and flowers were ignited one after another as they rapidly spread the flames to their own kind.

In just a few seconds, the sealed environment was on the brink of destruction. As for the grass and flowers on Windsor's body, they were also turning aflame.

At this moment, Rus Bathory had a gaping hole dug through his chest, making him lose a great portion of his combat strength. He was relying on the Sanguine's extraordinary recovery ability to barely hold up.

Seeing his enemy as a flaming torch, Emlyn acutely noticed that her aura was weakening. He didn't hesitate to lunge forward, circle around Windsor, and deliver several clawing swipes.

Beneath his feet, wisps of black gas rose and swirled around the Primordial Moon believer like chains that bound her vitality.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Intense and short bursts sounded as the two figures suddenly closed the distance.

All movement within the scene had vanished in the end as Emlyn's grabbed Windsor's throat with his left hand, raising her up.

After hesitating for a second, he saw her hideous appearance and snapped her neck.

Pa!

A thin, miniature wooden puppet embedded with withered grass and dried flowers fell from Windsor's body as the flames in the apartment gradually died out.

Emlyn yanked Windsor's mutated head, turned around, and faced the heaving Rus Bathory. He then pressed his free right hand to his chest, and he bowed with a smile.

"Thank you for your help."

Seeing Rus Bathory instantly turn furious and helpless, Emlyn added in great delight, "Remember to hand over the puppet and the Beyonder characteristic to Lord Nibbs. They might be problematic."

After saying that, black gases coagulated behind him, turning into two illusory bat wings.

With a whoosh, Emlyn flapped these wings as he turned to fly out the window and land in the dark, nearby alley.

When he landed, he quickly converged the black gases and turned to look around.

Seeing that Rus Bathory hadn't followed him, Emlyn heaved a sigh of relief as he pressed his fist to his mouth. As he coughed, he mumbled, "I hate fire. I hate smoke!"

He was just about to leave East Borough when he felt a chill run down his back.

Emlyn's mind instantly tensed up as he held onto Windsor's mutated head, slowly turned around, and looked at the shadows in the corner.

He first saw a very tiny figure before identifying it.

The body was thin and long, akin to a wooden pole. Its eyes and mouth were curved like a crescent, and its surface was embedded with plenty of withered grass and dried flowers. It was none other than the Moon Puppet from before!

It's targeting me... What the hell is this... I'm still very far from where Lord Nibbs stays... It's really dangerous outside... Thoughts surfaced in Emlyn's mind as he felt his spine turn cold and his muscles turn tense.

As these thoughts flashed through his mind, he suddenly had an idea. He stared at the Moon Puppet, and he murmured in ancient Hermes, "The Fool that doesn't belong to this era.

"The mysterious ruler above the gray fog.

"The King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck..."

"Can't a man have some sleep in the middle of the night!?" Klein sat up as he rubbed his temples in fury.

He quickly left his bed, took four steps counterclockwise, and he entered the space above the gray fog. He then took his seat that belonged to The Fool.

It's that fellow, Emlyn White? Klein gave a glance as he curiously emanated his spirituality, touching the crimson star that represented The Moon.

He then saw a stiffened Emlyn, and he saw the thin, strange puppet looking straight at him.

The puppet was cloaked in a rich but illusory crimson moonlight. They were undulating like a tidal wave, making a connection with something high in the sky.

At this moment, the crimson moonlight was spreading silently, enveloping Emlyn White within.

There's a problem... There's something wrong with this puppet... Klein, who could see more with the gray fog's aid, didn't hesitate to summon the Sea God Scepter from the junk pile into his hand.

The blue gems on the end of the bone scepter lit up one after another, emitting a blinding luster.

After chanting Mr. Fool's honorific name and seeking "His" assistance, Emlyn felt his already cold blood turn colder. It felt like it would slowly freeze into ice.

This made his body rapidly turn stiff as he watched the Moon Puppet stumble and swagger towards him.

At this moment, a silver bolt streaked down into the alley, causing all the gloom and darkness to scatter.

Pa!

The lightning bolts sizzled into a ball of lightning and landed on the Moon Puppet, drowning it in a swath of silver.

The burst of light dissipated immediately as the strange puppet was left charred black. It lost its decorations as it collapsed. As for Emlyn, his blood no longer froze as it resumed its flow.

With him quickly recovering from the stiffness, he knew that Mr. Fool was watching. He hurriedly asked softly, "Do you need, no--what can I sacrifice to you?"

He always believed that Mr. Fool adhered to the principle of equivalent exchange. Therefore, he believed that he needed to pay a corresponding price for requesting 'His' assistance.

After a brief silence, he saw the boundless gray fog and the faint figure behind it. He then heard a lofty and magnificent voice:

"That puppet."

"Alright." Emlyn took two steps forward, bent down to pick up the puppet and cleared up the scene before quickly leaving East Borough.

As for Klein, he cautiously used a Paper Angel to disrupt any divination before returning to the real world.

Just as he was planning to head back to bed, he suddenly discovered the moonlight brighten outside as it seemed stained with blood.

Eh... Klein walked to the window in puzzlement. When he looked out, he saw that the crescent had turned full at some point in time; it was scarlet red like blood.

Another Blood Moon.

Blood Moon? Alger Wilson looked up at the sky as he steadily walked into the Lightning Cathedral ahead of him. This was the place he would be giving his report tomorrow.

And in the middle of the island, at the peak of the towering mountain, there was another cathedral named the Chasm of Storm. It was the headquarters of the Church of Storms's headquarters, the holiest of holy temples.

Chapter 748: A Duet

Inside the Lightning Cathedral, the high and spacious dome arched continuously. There wasn't any blank space, with gold and blue as the main colors. It made anyone who walked beneath it subconsciously feel that the place was sacred and solemn; thus, making them bow their heads.

Alger Wilson often made contact with a secret existence, and he often gathered in the palace of a deity's residence. As a result, he no longer had a longing for this. He wasn't as respectful as before, but he still had to put on an act. Like the other sailors around him, he kept his head down as he lightened his footsteps without even daring to breathe clearly.

In the silent atmosphere, they were led by the priest all the way to the clergymen's quarters at the back of the cathedral, with each of them getting a room.

After closing the door, Alger saw the sanguine moonlight shine into the window. It made the environment turn cold and sinister, as though countless wraiths seemed to be observing the real world through a thin curtain.

Every time the Blood Moon appeared, one's spirituality would be enhanced. Powers that stemmed from spirituality and hell would receive a significant boost, while the negative emotions of living beings reached an explosive state. The higher the Sequence, the more obvious it would be.

Faintly, Alger heard sobbing, low shouts, and whispering. This was completely different from the solemnity he previously felt in the Lightning Cathedral.

Illusory arms appeared before his eyes as they reached outwards from the walls, floor, and ceiling, like a three-dimensional pale forest.

Alger knew of the abnormalities of the Blood Moon, so he removed his captain's hat without panicking at all. He entered the bathroom and washed his face.

During this process, he suddenly heard a distant singing voice.

The singing voice was indistinct, as though it came from the middle of the island. It kept echoing endlessly as though it was right beside Alger. It didn't make him feel horrified, for it was akin to a woman who was away from her family and loved ones, singing slowly and sadly as she looked at the surging tides.

Alger pulled at a towel and wiped his face before cocking his head to listen.

He gradually frowned as he took out a small iron box from his priest robe's inner robe and placed it close to his ear.

In it was the Ocean Songster Beyonder characteristic he had purchased from The World. He suspected that the residual mental imprint on it was temporarily enhanced by the Blood Moon.

As the metal box came close, the singing by Alger's ears instantly became partially clear, melancholic, sorrowful, wistful, and painful.

But apart from that, there was still the ethereal and ancient voice sounding from it, forming a clear boundary with the clear singing as though they were in a duet!

Whose voice is that? It sounds like an elf's... An item in the Church that stems from the elves? This Ocean Songster Beyonder characteristic on me comes from an elf? Alger nodded as he came up with a theory.

Due to them sharing the same Sailor pathway, the Church of Storms had always been in search of elven relics. They were used to concoct potions, made into Sealed Artifacts, or isolated underground. Those with relatively fewer negative effects were rewarded to clergymen; therefore, it wasn't odd that something similar would be stimulated on the night of the Blood Moon.

If it's a mystical item, there wouldn't be a problem. If it's a Sealed Artifact, it means it's definitely not simple if the voice can penetrate the isolation barrier... Alger reined in his thoughts, brushed his teeth, and went to bed.

He soon fell asleep and had a dream.

After an unknown period of time, Alger suddenly felt a little lucid, vaguely aware that he was having a dream, but he automatically sized up his surroundings.

He discovered that above him was rippling dark blue seawater which was stacked up layer after layer and blocked the view of the sky. Ahead of him was a beautiful palace made of coral. It was tall, spectacular, dark, and gloomy.

Alger subconsciously walked towards the palace, walking into the open doors.

Inside were columns of coral that held up an exaggerated dome. The walls and dome were filled with murals depicting the terror of a storm.

Over a hundred meters away, there was a throne embedded with sapphires, emeralds, and lustrous pearls above a nine-stepped staircase that was extremely striking.

Alger looked over and saw a woman in a complicated ancient dress sitting on it. Her hair was black and held up into a bun. Her facial outline was soft, and her features were exquisite. She had a beauty that seemed timeless.

The woman's expression was cold and her ears sharp. Her deep brown eyes looked down at Alger from a commanding position.

In her hand was a golden wine cup with complicated patterns.

Alger was just about to say something when her eyes emitted silver light resembling the bright flash of lightning, tearing through the dream.

Phew... Alger sat up and subconsciously gasped for breath. He found the dream both blurry and clear at the same time.

The woman's appearance was blurry, as well as the details of the murals and coral palace, but her eyes that contained lightning and her sharp ears were clear.

A high-ranking elf? Under the effects of the Blood Moon, her relics resonated with the Ocean Songster Beyonder characteristic I have, resulting in it influencing my dream? As Alger guessed, he wondered which item it would be.

Due to his limited standing, the number of Sealed Artifacts and mystical items he knew were limited. However, he knew certain knowledge that others didn't know, so he quickly thought of a possible target.

Calamity Cohinem?

The Book of Calamity "She" left behind has likely been sent to Pasu Island...

After making the report and departing, I'll seek Mr. Fool's advice and see if there will be any unexpected influences regarding this matter...

Alger didn't dare recite The Fool's honorific name in the Church of Storms's headquarters.

After daybreak, he didn't show any signs of abnormality. Under the servant's lead, he entered a room with a long table, and he was questioned by three Mandated Punisher deacons.

Among these three deacons, only one of them possessed dark blue hair. This was because this wasn't a necessary change that would happen from consuming the Sailor pathway potion. However, this trait would quite stubbornly be passed down, just like the elves. Many of them with black hair would end up with blue hair. Nowadays, mixed-bloods with elven blood mostly had blue hair.

Alger sat at the end of the long table as he systematically answered the deacons' questions. He mentioned what he had done at sea, what he had planned to do, and what he had succeeded, as well as his failures.

And this would be compared to the description from his crew to prevent anyone from lying.

Towards the end of his report, the deacon with dark blue hair glanced at Alger. He asked with a hoarse voice, "Do you know Admiral of Stars Cattleya?"

Not only do I know her... Alger was nearly taken aback as he answered after some thought, "I met her at the pirate convention."

The deacon didn't harp on the question as he directly said, "Think of means to get to know her. Try to investigate Gehrman Sparrow's situation from her."

So that's how it is... It's because Gehrman hunted Admiral of Blood? Alger deliberately asked, feigning his ignorance, "What did Gehrman Sparrow do again?"

The dark blue-haired deacon said in a peeved manner, "He nearly destroyed Bayam! Alright, this isn't something you should know. In summary, remember. Gehrman Sparrow is a very dangerous person. There's a secret cult backing him. That organization has a demigod that's at odds with the Rose School of Thought!"

Nearly destroyed Bayam? A demigod in the organization? At odds with the Rose School of Thought? Alger deliberately didn't hide his shock.

He originally imagined that a focus was placed on Gehrman because of his hunting of Admiral of Blood Senor, but who knew that the reason was far more complicated and ludicrous than he had imagined!

What did Gehrman Sparrow do? When I pass by Bayam, I should find the actual spot to take a look... Also, isn't our Tarot Club's archenemy the Aurora Order? Isn't Mr. Fool always targeting the True Creator? Why did it change, no--why is there the additional Rose School of Thought? Alger muttered to himself inwardly.

As for the Tarot Club having a demigod, he wasn't surprised. He even found it logical. How could an ancient existence not have a demigod under "Him?"

Besides, back when Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos died silently in a strange manner, he was already convinced that Mr. Fool had a High-Sequence Blessed!

Thankfully, my meeting with Gehrman was very secretive; otherwise, things would be troublesome... Alger listened in silence without asking any questions. Like before, he accepted the missions and got up to leave the room.

Backlund's North Borough, outside 160 Boklund Street. Servants stood in two rows to welcome their master's arrival.

With white hair at his temples and deep blue eyes, Dwayne Dantes wore a tailcoat and a top hat with an inlaid gold cane. Together with Butler Walter and Valet Richardson, he walked in between his servants and arrived at the entrance of the three-story building.

Waiting there was Housekeeper Taneja who he had long selected.

She was in her early forties, and her hair was tied neatly. She had ordinary looks but wore an experienced demeanor. She wore gold-rimmed glasses and a black-and-white dress which was different from the other maidservants.

From the information received and the interview, Klein knew that this lady was born in East Borough. She was a believer of the Evernight Goddess, and she had chosen to be trained by a charitable organization by the Church at the age of fifteen, making her become a qualified maidservant.

After more than ten years of hard work, as well as the free lessons from the night schools, she was promoted from the lowest-ranking maidservant in a tycoon's household to a lady's maid. She later followed the tycoon's daughter when she got married, and she became a housekeeper until the family met with a financial crisis, forcing her to leave. She was extremely experienced when it came to managing a household.

After this lady signed the contract, she received 1,000 pounds from Dwayne Dantes as petty cash for the month before entering an argument with Butler Walter on whether they should purchase or rent a carriage.

From her point of view, since Mr. Dantes's goal was to enter high society and move into West Borough, or even Empress Borough, a carriage needed to be custom made to not appear inadequate. Before that, they could rent a high-end carriage for a year and wait until there was hope of him becoming a noble before they had one custom made. It was a more reasonable choice that didn't waste money or appear inadequate.

She convinced Walter, and of course Klein. This was because renting a high-end carriage with the horse costs only 88 pounds, and a two-wheeled carriage costs only 42 pounds.

Of course, someone who controls the household's expenditures needs to be someone who's good at accounting... Klein felt poignant as he smiled at Taneja before stepping through the three-story house's door.

This was the stage for which the tycoon, Dwayne Dantes, would be acting on.

Chapter 749: The Moon's Authority

Upon entering the house, the first thing Klein saw was the foyer. It was very spacious here, with several chairs and umbrellas placed there. Furthermore, the furnishing was elegant, and the decorations were befitting of his status. If he hadn't known of the structure ahead of time from his inspection, Klein might've imagined it to be the living room.

After passing through a second main door, the sight before his eyes opened up--it was a huge hall that could accommodate dozens of dancing guests.

In the middle of the hall was a brightly colored, thick, and plush carpet. Surrounding it were spaces covered with bright marble tiles, with a piano, stone sculptures, and other decorations decorating the hall. There were also stone columns that held up the second floor with inlaid ornaments.

To the left was a series of floor-to-ceiling windows, and beyond them was a lush, green lawn and blooming garden. To the right were walls, wooden doors, and a corridor that led to the lounges, storerooms, washrooms, kitchen, and butler's room, etc.

The hall was two stories high, and there was a crystal chandelier hanging down from the ceiling. It instantly made one imagine what it would look like when night fell.

Ahead of him were two staircases that led to the second floor.

The winding corridor here was square in shape, and the emptied-out section in the middle happened to be where the carpeted hall was. All Klein needed to do was hold a cup of wine and stand behind the railings of the second floor, and he could leisurely take in the sights of a ball below.

There were many rooms on the second floor. There was a living room, an activity room, a dining room, washrooms, a billiard room, and many bedrooms. If any guests needed to stay for the night, they would stay there.

Similarly, on the second floor, there were two staircases that led to the third floor. That was where Dwayne Dantes stayed. There was an exaggerated master bedroom, with a bar-counter-equipped open room that allowed one to sunbathe and enjoy the scenery. There was a study which could be deemed as a miniature library, as well as two changing rooms and small bedrooms for the valet and the maid on night duty. There were also rooms meant for the household members and bathrooms, but Klein was currently a single man.

As for the other servants, they lived in a terrace house behind the main mansion. In another direction was the stable.

The mansion's underground area was equally spacious with a huge storeroom and wine cellar.

Taking off his coat, Klein stood on the balcony in the half-open room on the third floor with his back straight. He took in the sights of the surrounding streets and couldn't help but sigh inwardly.

There really is a reason why it's so expensive. The rent of 315 pounds really can't be considered a waste...

He had already paid a year's rent yesterday afternoon, and he could only force himself to enjoy this place that he rented.

Meanwhile, he had also directly paid Walter a year's salary of 115 pounds. As it was very possible that he would flee once he obtained the Antigonus family's notebook, he didn't want to affect his butler's livelihood.

By the same logic, he had long paid Housekeeper Taneja her annual salary of 42 pounds. It allowed this lady to realize how generous Mr. Dwayne Dantes was, as well as how mannered he was.

Through the two head servants' negotiations and hard work, they hired all the servants. The annual salary of a male steward was 30 pounds; his valet, Richardson, was 35 pounds; the two footmen in charge of valeting guests and serving at the dining table each received 30 pounds; the two ladies' maids were 18 pounds each; the two chambermaids were 12 pounds each; and the two handymen were 12 pounds each.

Apart from them, the cook was 30 pounds; the assistant cook was 15 pounds; the scullery maid was 13 pounds; the parlormaid was 11 pounds; the nursery governess was 25 pounds, the steward's boy was 10 pounds, the two coachmen were 25 pounds each; the two gardeners were 20 pounds each; the two laundresses were 10 pounds each--all for a total of 413 pounds. It cost about 8 pounds a week.

Together with the two head servants' annual salary, Klein needed to pay 570 pounds a year, making it approximately 11 pounds a week. This was still without including the expenditures for food, clothes, and all kinds of daily necessities.

I'll pay ten to twenty pounds a week without any income the moment I open my eyes... Klein did a mental calculation as he forced himself to cast his gaze onto the garden.

In the afternoon, he had paid off the rental fee for the two carriages and servants' first week's salary. Together with him giving Housekeeper Taneja 1,000 pounds for the daily expenses, he only had 1,286 pounds and 18 gold coins left. However, he would receive the payments from Miss Justice and Ma'am Hermit within the week.

I wonder how long that 1,000 pounds can last Taneja. Just to store up the required alcoholic beverages for the balls would cost a few hundred pounds... The rich Mr. Dwayne Dantes fell into deep thought and could hardly extricate himself from it.

To calm his emotions, he decided to head above the gray fog while the butler and servants were busy with handling the household chores. He wanted to study the strange puppet that Emlyn White had sacrificed.

After the Blood Moon happened, Klein had no choice but to return to the mysterious world and pull Fors into it. He resisted the urge to sleep as he listened to her drone on about her daily life in Backlund. After everything was over, he was just too tired. He accepted Emlyn's sacrifice, and after confirming that there wasn't anything weird, he returned to the real world and collapsed into bed.

After straightening his stylish dark-colored vest, Klein walked to the door and said to the awaiting valet, Richardson, "I have a habit of sleeping in the afternoon for forty-five minutes. I don't want anyone disturbing me."

"Yes, sir," Richardson answered humbly.

He was an illegitimate son with mixed blood. His father was Loenese, a supervisor at a manor, while his mother was a native from East Balam who was a slave in the same manor. After he was born, he was met with discrimination and bullying. This resulted in a weak and submissive character, and because he was good-looking, he was suitable for valeting guests. He was selected by the manor's master to be a valet before being brought to Backlund.

After both Houses of the Loen Kingdom had abolished slavery, he found himself out of a job. All he could do was seek the help of the City Family Servant Assistance Association.

Before Klein, he had served two households and committed some mistakes, but he did build up a wealth of experience. He caught Butler Walter's notice, and he became Dwayne Dantes's valet.

After looking at Richardson, who stood straight and tall, with a height that was almost identical to himself, Klein indiscernibly shook his head and sighed.

This guy that can clearly be a celebrity with his looks can only be a servant in this day and age. Furthermore, he's such a tall man, but he appears cowardly and weak. However, this can also be considered an advantage. He's obedient, silent, and submissive. He does whatever his master instructs him to do, and he will absolutely not dare to make his own decisions...

If I only have a valet with me requiring him to handle all kinds of matters, Richardson will definitely not be up to mark. However, I still have Butler Walter and so many other servants. He can handle the other matters with his experience and capabilities.

Without musing further, Klein locked the door and returned to the side of the reclining chair. He took four steps counterclockwise and entered above the gray fog.

He sat at the seat of The Fool, and he beckoned with his hand to make the charred Moon Puppet fly over and land before him.

After scrutinizing it, Klein didn't discover anything odd about it. Hence, he conjured a pen and paper and wrote the divination statement: "Its origins."

Putting down his fountain pen, Klein waited a few seconds before picking up the piece of paper and leaning back against his chair.

Hmm, my spiritual intuition didn't stop me from making the divination statement. It means that the latent danger of the Moon Puppet isn't as bad as the Rose School of Thought Beyonder characteristic... Klein mumbled as he skillfully recited the divination statement.

In the gray, hazy world, he saw an altar with a circle of fiery torches around it.

On the altar, there was what he suspected to be human skin with traces of blood everywhere. In the middle were three candles and a few puppets that resembled thin wooden poles.

These miniature puppets had curved eyes and mouths, as though they corresponded to the crimson crescent in the sky.

Therefore, they continued hanging their creepy smiles as withered grass and dried flowers remained embedded in their bodies.

A priest in a dark red robe was circling the altar with heavy steps, as though he was dancing a dance created by an epileptic patient.

At some point in time, moonlight gathered and shone on the puppet as it increased in brightness. Towards the end, it resembled the gentle ebbing of water waves.

The ritual quickly came to an end as the priest picked up a thin puppet and walked to the human body bound to a frame beside him. Instantly, he stabbed it through the body's eye socket.

Amidst tragic cries, the scene quickly changed. The dead man with the Moon Puppet in his eye socket was buried somewhere in an orderly manner.

The scene once again skipped and showed further development. Every full moon or Blood Moon, the moon's glow would scatter over the grave, seeping into it like water as the surrounding darkness turned gloomy.

Klein opened his eyes and adjusted his seating posture. He had a general idea of the Moon Puppet's origins.

It came from a prayer ritual to the Primordial Moon. It was a ritual lasting for centuries!

Over the past few centuries, they had absorbed the powers of the crimson moon, mutating bit by bit until they were exhumed by the colonists.

They usually didn't exhibit any oddity, and something only happened when a Primordial Moon believer activated them with the correct method. As for what would happen, Klein had no idea.

In a particular sense, these primitives are equivalent to the Primordial Moon's Chosen ones... Last night, after I smote one to death, that evil god was enraged; thus, causing the Blood Moon? Klein gently tapped the mottled table's edge as he came to a preliminary judgment.

Hmm, the Primordial Moon's wrath directly changed the moon's phenomena, making it a Blood Moon... If this theory is right, it means that in the domain of the crimson moon, the Goddess is inferior to the Primordial Moon. "She" might only have the title in name as "She" grasps a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact... Klein nodded slightly as he attempted to divine the weaknesses of the Moon Puppet.

This time, he saw sunlight and lightning.

This means that the Beyonder powers in the Sun domain and lightning from the Storm domain are best at dealing with it... As Klein interpreted the information, he threw the Moon Puppet into the junk pile and returned to the real world.

An hour later, Walter, who was wearing a starched suit and white gloves, knocked on the door. He bowed and said, "Sir, I'll be printing your name card in a while. They will be sent to the neighbors along with some gifts.

"They will take a few days to observe to determine your situation. If they're willing to accept you, they would send gifts and invite you to be their guests.

"Does your name card need a title added?"

Title... The Fool that doesn't belong to this era? Klein lampooned as he replied with a smile, "Merchant Dwayne Dantes from Desi would suffice."

Walter nodded and said, "Based on your wishes, I'll immediately arrange for you to have etiquette lessons. The focus will be on dancing, and I've hired a professional teacher."

Chapter 750: Attraction?

Having read many magazines, Klein knew that the social life he wanted to enter had many balls, so he wasn't surprised by Walter's suggestion. He said with a nod, "Okay."

With that said, he looked sideways at his valet, Richardson.

"Prepare the carriage. I'll be heading over to Saint Samuel Cathedral."

Klein vividly remembered that his main goal was to act as a devout believer of the Evernight Goddess in order to get to know the corresponding clergymen, and from there he would find a way to sneak into Chanis Gate. Therefore, he planned to pray at the cathedral whenever he had the time to express his sincerity and get to know the members of the clergy.

"Yes, sir," Richardson answered politely.

Before long, Klein boarded his rented luxurious four-wheeled carriage, decked out in a coat and a top hat. As he enjoyed the scenery on his journey, he sampled the black tea that was adorned with a slice of lemon.

In fact, there was a tiny bar counter in the carriage, and in it, Butler Walter had specially prepared Golden Lanti, Winter Black Rand, and other distilled liquor, as well as all kinds of red and white wine that came from Intis.

However, Klein wasn't someone who enjoyed drinking. As a Beyonder, he didn't like the feeling of being tipsy. It made him recall the feeling of losing control; therefore, he used the excuse of him heading to the cathedral, so as to get his valet, Richardson, to prepare a pot of marquis black tea.

"If it's possible, I would actually like a cup of sweet ice tea. It's something from the south," Klein said half-jokingly to Richardson.

"I will prepare it next time," Richardson immediately replied.

Klein chuckled and shook his head.

"No, there's no need. That wouldn't appear decent.

"Once I'm more familiar with the neighbors, and have hosted a Desi-styled banquet, we can prepare some sweet ice tea. Heh heh, I believe their children will like it."

When Richardson realized that he had mistaken his employer's intentions, he hurriedly said in a fluster, "I will keep it in mind."

It only took twenty minutes to go from 160 Boklund Street to the Saint Samuel Cathedral at Phelps Street on foot. If it wasn't because he needed to hire a coachman and rent a carriage to project an image befitting his status, Klein would rather walk over to digest his food and strengthen his body.

Soon, the carriage stopped along the square outside the cathedral. Klein held his gold-inlaid cane, got out of the carriage, and stopped there to enjoy the pigeons' dance.

After entering the cathedral and coming to the main prayer hall,

he passed his top hat and cane to Richardson. He found a seat near the aisle and sat down. He lowered his head, clasped his hands, and seriously and silently prayed.

Richardson sat behind him to his side, putting the items in place as he glanced at the Dark Sacred Emblem on the altar. He then closed his eyes.

In the serene atmosphere, Klein felt his spirituality lightly scatter. He wasn't too surprised by this, because the praying masses in the cathedral would experience something similar. Tiny traces of spirituality carrying their devout faith gathered to power the seals beneath Chanis Gate.

After an unknown period of time, his spiritual perception triggered as he opened his eyes and looked diagonally across him.

Standing there was an elder dressed in a black clergyman robe. His hair was sparse, and his face looked pale. He resembled a dead man.

From afar, he had a cold aura with a lacking expression. He blended in with the prayer hall's dark environment to a certain extent.

A Keeper... Klein made a judgment from a single glance. He closed his eyes again and continued praying. Of course, he had already remembered the man's facial features.

Big nose, grayish-blue eyes, loose facial skin, and no facial hair.

The elder dressed as a clergyman had sat down as well. He focused on praying to the Goddess. Inside the prayer hall, the wall in front had a few holes. Pure light shone in from them like resplendent stars. It made the dark environment appear gentle and holy.

Time ticked by as Klein felt his spiritual perception trigger again.

He carefully opened his eyes and saw that the black-robed Keeper had left his seat and entered a passageway to the side.

That should lead to the back of the cathedral... The Keepers stay inside the cathedral? They have no family and don't have their own residences? From their conditions, it's not that surprising either. Furthermore, the Keepers of Chanis Gate are monitored by the bishops, so it's a normal precaution... This means that I have to become friends with the priests and bishops of Saint Samuel Cathedral to obtain the freedom to enter the area at the back of the cathedral... Klein didn't sneak anymore glances as he closed his eyes and considered various problems.

After some time, he slowly got up and walked to the altar. Standing in front of the donation box, he took out fifty pounds in cash and devoutly threw it in.

This made the bishop and priest on duty look over. Their gaze turned friendly as they remembered his appearance.

After doing that, Klein nodded gently at the clergymen, turned around, and walked down the aisle towards the exit. Richardson held his hat and cane and followed closely behind.

Once out the prayer hall, he walked towards the main entrance alongside a series of intricate murals and colored-pane windows that lined the top.

At this point, a few figures walked in. Leading them was a middle-aged man with long sideburns and soft facial features. He wore a black trench coat without any gloves, nor did he carry a cane.

Behind him was a young man dressed in a similar trench coat. He had black hair and green eyes, and he looked handsome with his randomly styled hair. He looked like he hadn't combed it after waking up in the morning.

Klein was especially familiar with his looks and figure. It felt as though they hadn't seen each other for years.

Leonard Mitchell!

Klein's pupils constricted a little, but he didn't stop at all. He maintained his pace and stride, and he walked towards the few Nighthawks in black trench coats.

Yes, Klein was certain that they were Nighthawks!

When they met, he casually swept a gaze at Leonard and company before passing them and walking towards the main entrance.

The main entrance was open, and the clouds outside were thin. There was plenty of sunlight and pigeons were flying.

Leonard Mitchell glanced at the believers who walked past him out of boredom, and he retracted his gaze. He said with a sigh, "I hope we can stay in Backlund for a few days this time to have a good rest. The case this time wasn't only dangerous and thrilling, but it also required us to be tense the entire time.

His team of Red Gloves had just cracked a human skin-donning Devil case, and they had captured two targets.

This seemed easy on the surface, but it wasn't simple at all. They went through plenty of setbacks and tribulations before completing the mission with great difficulty. Every member was exhausted both in mind and body.

Captain Soest shook his head with a smile.

"This is the life of us Red Gloves. You should've known that this would be how it would be back when you chose to join.

"However, congratulations on advancing to Soul Assurer."

Leonard Mitchell curled his lips into a smile.

"It's slower than I had expected. Also, Captain Soest, you've finally reached Sequence 5."

"This isn't a problem with the Church. If I could've endured it better, I could've become a Spirit Warlock earlier." Soest wiped his smile away as he walked into the prayer hall's corridor. "Pray to the Goddess. It will effectively eliminate your mental stress, allowing you to recover."

As he spoke, the team of Red Gloves entered the dark and serene hall as they found a spot to sit down.

Leonard was just about to focus on praying when he suddenly heard a slightly-aged voice ring in his mind:

"That person from just now is problematic."

"Who?" Leonard kept his head down as he asked with a suppressed voice.

The slightly-aged voice replied, "One of the men you met at the entrance. I'm living in your body, and my strength hasn't recovered, so I wasn't able to see too clearly."

Leonard recalled and asked softly, "What do you mean by problematic?"

"He has an ancient aura."

"A Beyonder who has lived for a very long period of time?" Leonard mumbled, "I will try to investigate."

Simultaneously, he thought, Old Man must be hiding certain things. He seldom volunteers to tell me that someone is problematic, yet be so vague about it... After I find the target and confirm that there's no danger for the time being, I'll leave it. I don't want to be embroiled in the conflict of some undying monsters from the Fourth Epoch... If that person will really bring about a calamity, I'll directly report it to the Archbishop...

In an apartment in Cherwood Borough.

"This is the money I borrowed from you." Fors handed 220 pounds to Xio.

She had already received the 100 pounds from Mr. Moon and the 500 pounds from Ma'am Hermit.

Xio Derecha grabbed at her messy blonde, unsmooth hair, looked at the money, and raised her head to look at Fors. She blurted, "You really are involved in illegal gambling?

"I have to tell you that such gambling must be a scam and a trap. They let you win in order to make you lose more! Even though you're a Trickmaster and have a chance of fooling them, such gambling scams might have other Beyonders hiding in it!"

"Stop, stop, stop!" Fors lowered her hands. She said in bemused anger, "Do I look like someone who will participate in illegal gambling?"

"Yes!" Xio didn't hesitate in her reply. "If I didn't stop you, you wouldn't just be smoking cigarettes, you'd even be smoking cannabis!"

That's because I needed to numb myself due to the pain brought by the full moon's ravings. I no longer need to... Fors didn't debate with Xio as she directly explained, "I sold the mysticism knowledge I know at a Beyonder gathering. Heh heh, that person was very generous and had paid several hundred pounds."

"Is that so..." Xio instantly threw the problem to the back of her mind and said, "There's been a new Beyonder gathering that appeared recently in East Borough. I've been invited."

"A new Beyonder gathering?" Fors was first taken aback before feeling a sense of anticipation.

According to her teacher, Dorian Gray, and Mr. Fool, she knew that Lewis Wien was an Oracle of the Aurora Order. His arrival in Backlund was likely to replace the missing Mr. A, so as to rebuild the Aurora Order faction in this big city. Therefore, there was a solid chance that he had disguised himself to organize a new Beyonder gathering.

Fors thought for a moment and said seemingly mindlessly to Xio, "Are you going to join it?"

"Of course, I have to prepare the Interrogator formula potion," Xio answered decisively.

Fors nodded and covered her mouth to yawn.

"Remember to bring me along when you have the privilege of inviting a new member."
