Chapter 551: The Ten Commandments

"Second Commandment: Thou shalt not use my name in vain.

"Third Commandment: Thou shalt have no other gods before me.

"Fourth Commandment: Honor thy father, thy mother, and thy children as thou lovest me.

"Fifth Commandment: Thou shalt not commit adultery.

"Sixth Commandment: Thou shalt not kill the innocent.

"Seventh Commandment: Thou shalt not bear false witness, frame another, or violate contracts.

"Eighth Commandment: Serve me with thy heart, not with thy offerings.

"Ninth Commandment: Ye who have committed lesser wrongdoings, first atone for your sins before seeking forgiveness.

"Tenth Commandment: Honor my name by helping thy compatriots and companions."

One commandment after another echoed in the ears of the bald rebel Kalat, causing him to prostrate himself completely. He pressed his head to the ground, trembling uncontrollably with reverence, fear, and excitement.

As a Mid-Sequence Beyonder and a rebel who had once received an education in the Feysac Empire, he possessed enough insight to understand that the worship of the Sea God was founded chiefly on fear--fear of overwhelming power and of the terrifying natural dangers humanity faced. Many of its rituals retained the bloodshed of primitive times. It was a backward faith that gloried in inhumane, uncivilized practices and would sooner or later be swept away.

However, the faith instilled in him since childhood left him afraid to defy divine revelation. He could only bury his desire to reform the rituals deep in his heart and avoid, as far as possible, those parts that conflicted with his conscience.

Now, the Sea God's sudden transformation filled him with delight. It was as though he could see the so-called "primitive totem" derided by outsiders evolving into a true god.

Blessed are we; blessed are the rebels; blessed are the true believers... Through tear-blurred eyes, Kalat raised his head, spread his hands devoutly, and placed them against his mouth.

"I will abide by your teachings as I praise your name."

The blurry figure in front of him disappeared, the magnificent voice by his ears vanished, and the scene in the cave returned to its original state.

However, Kalat knew that everything was no longer the same.

Bracing himself on his elbows, he quickly crawled back to his wheelchair, pulled himself into it, and wheeled toward the other side of the cave.

Kalat soon found Edmonton. The Resistance member with the blue sea-serpent tattoo stood before the deity figurine that had bled so unnaturally. His forehead was smeared with scarlet and black, filthy and gruesome.

However, Edmonton's expression was joyful, excited, and satisfied. He looked at Kalat and blurted out, "Did you receive the revelation?"

"Yes. It was God's aura, just as before." Kalat nodded excitedly. "Not only has God returned to walk the earth, but 'He' has also renewed 'His' covenant."

Edmonton let out a sigh of relief.

"I even suspected that I had hallucinated.

"It seems that so long as an outsider touches the holy sword, God can walk the earth once more. The sword need not be drawn completely."

Kalat agreed. "Indeed. The deity figurine shattered and bled because God has changed 'His' image. We must make a new one, just as we saw in the revelation!"

"God also revealed 'His' Sacred Emblem. Above the symbol of the waves was a lightning-shaped scepter encircled by fierce winds," Edmonton recalled.

Kalat immediately patted the armrest of his wheelchair.

"Let's find the High Priest right now. He should've also received the revelation.

"We will usher in a new world!"

Above the gray fog, Klein put down the Sea God's Scepter and rubbed his temples in exhaustion.

He had noticed a problem earlier. The Sea God Scepter could respond to ritualistic magic, meaning it could provide a measure of power to help a worshiper complete a ritual and achieve their aim. However, that power was confined to its own domains and could not exceed certain limits. Its capabilities were relatively restricted.

For example, the Evernight Goddess could influence fate so that "Her" believers naturally obtained the money they needed to repay a debt. The Sea God Scepter, by contrast, could at most create counterfeit money on the altar, which would lose its effect and revert to its original form after a while.

This is the difference between a false god and a true god...

Besides, outside the gray fog, the Sea God Scepter can automatically respond to ritualistic magic as long as the proper procedure and prayer are followed, unless doing so would use up more than half its power in one go... This might be why the steps of ritualistic magic are so important...

Above the gray fog, prayers are screened and reduced to points of light. The Sea God Scepter can't respond automatically, so I have to handle them myself. That's rather troublesome. I can't stay here all day. Of course, there's an advantage as well--provided the prayer contains no mistakes and accurately points to the Sea God Scepter, the worshiper can receive a response no matter how perfunctory the ritual. The only criterion is that I'm in a good mood...

I'll think of a solution when I'm free. I'll make it so that even if the Sea God Scepter is above the gray fog, it will be an automated answering machine... Produce a paper angel? That's useless, as it doesn't have any soul injected into it... Make a mechanical and rigid puppet to handle the repeated and trivial ritualistic magic? Hmm... I wonder if a Marionettist has powers related to this. At the very least, Rosago only showed traits of controlling a person like a puppet...

As Klein's thoughts slowly settled, his eyes moved to the iron cigar case.

After some investigation, he discovered that the severely corroded cigar case had undergone subtle changes. It was firmer, tougher, and more resistant to corrosion, though still within the bounds of what an ordinary object might plausibly possess.

It doesn't possess any special properties... However, if it remained here for years, decades, or even longer while holding Beyonder characteristics and mystical items, perhaps it really could evolve into a "sealing case" whose effects would gradually fade one day... The corner of Klein's mouth twitched, and he turned to look at the junk pile.

They were covered by the gray fog, almost blending in with the surroundings.

Heh heh... Klein laughed dryly and looked away.

He fiddled with the crushed golden wine cup again, confirming that there was nothing wrong with it.

After doing all this, he entered the real world and summoned himself once more to bring the Sun Brooch and other items back to his room in the inn.

At this very moment, the clouds in the sky had disappeared, and the moon was scattering its crimson tranquility. The entire City of Generosity, Bayam, remained asleep in its dreams.

At nine in the morning, in the Cathedral of Waves.

Alger had been summoned. Using confession as a pretext, he once again met Chogo, the bishop of the diocese.

"Look for this person." Chogo handed over the portrait in his hand.

Another mission... What's been going on lately? Alger muttered inwardly as he unfolded the piece of paper.

When he saw the contents of the portrait, he almost couldn't control his laughter.

It was impossible to tell whether the figure in the portrait was male or female, much less what they looked like. How was he supposed to find them? In a flash, a thought occurred to him. Rather than conceal his reaction, he deliberately blurted out, "Who is this?"

The portrait depicted an unusually blurry and mysterious person, with no characteristics that could be used to aid in a search.

There was no such mission yesterday... A sudden demand to pursue this person this morning... What happened last night? Hmm, Kalvetua perished completely... With that happening, the Church and the military would definitely search for its remains... Symeem Island is the clue? This person took away the most important item ahead of them? Who is this person? Alger's heart skipped a beat, and he almost didn't dare meet Chogo's eyes.

Chogo nodded.

"A dirty, despicable thief! He may be from Intis or Feysac, and he may belong to the Church of the Eternal Blazing Sun or the Church of the God of Combat."

Someone from Intis or Feysac, or someone from the Church of the Eternal Blazing Sun or the Church of the God of Combat? What led them to that conclusion? His Eminence Jahn Kottman must've obtained only limited information at the scene and been unable to pinpoint the target. In that case, it's indeed reasonable to presume that this person is from either Intis or Feysac, as those two countries are the main supporters of the Resistance and Kalvetua. Heh heh, there's reason to believe that they might've already known where Kalvetua was hiding... It fits my earlier theory... Of course, there could be another explanation... Alger controlled his emotions and asked, "What did he do?"

"You don't need to know. Pay attention to any unusual behavior among people from Intis or Feysac in Bayam. Yes, include local Beyonders as well. Also, find the people who posted the notice on the cathedral doors. They might know something and could quickly provide further information," Chogo ordered in a deep voice.

This is indeed a lead... This is tantamount to telling me that the person is connected to both the notice and Kalvetua's demise... I wonder who obtained Kalvetua's Beyonder characteristic... Who... Right, The World is in Bayam. Something happened to Kalvetua not long after he arrived! Could this be Mr. Fool's purpose? Will it help "Him" break the seal and recover "His" strength? Alger's pupils contracted as he recalled his earlier conjecture.

When Klein awoke after reaping a bountiful harvest the previous night, he felt refreshed and cheerful.

He decided to treat himself today and make sure that his three meals would be sumptuous and delicious.

As he pushed open the door and walked into the living room, he saw that Danitz was out of "bed," untying the bandage and splint around his arm.

He recovered that quickly? Klein was stunned for a moment.

Seeing Gehrman Sparrow look over, Danitz chuckled. "My recovery isn't too bad. My Sequence 9 is Hunter. It enhanced every aspect of my body beyond the level of an ordinary person and greatly improved my combat ability. Besides, I'm already Sequence 7."

Sequence 9 Hunter? I've killed one, and I know the corresponding Sequence 6's name is Conspirer... Klein suddenly recalled the first enemy he encountered back when he first arrived in Backlund. It had sucked him into a maelstrom that he was almost unable to extricate himself from.

"Sequence 8, Provoker?" Klein asked in passing.

He had long since guessed Danitz's Beyonder pathway from his adeptness at using fire. It was the Red Priest pathway, which Roselle had called a pathway for real men. Sequence 7 was called Pyromaniac, also known in ancient times as Fire Mage.

Danitz froze for a second, thinking that Gehrman Sparrow was doubting him. He subconsciously raised his voice.

"Do you think I'm not good at provoking?

"No, I'm an expert in this field!"

Chapter 552: Pomp

Danitz threw the splint and bandages into the trash, flexed his left arm, and said, "Typically, a pirate's provocation is an insult, but I'm different. I tailor my insults to the target.

"This requires one to grasp a lot of information and rumors, and also understand the provocation target. Only by doing this will you be able to make him lose his mind and cause his brain to be burnt out with a single sentence."

He paused for a second and said, "Just like with Steel. You can curse him, calling him dogshit, or you could curse his parents and captain, but that will be useless. However, if you do an action and throw in a line with that, he will definitely turn into a bull who only sees red."

With that, Danitz put his hands on his hips, held his crotch, and shouted in a low, scornful voice, "Bitch!"

... I really want to hit him... He lives up to being a Provoker... Indeed, Steel Maveti has such tendencies and hobbies, tsk... Klein loosened his subconsciously clenched fists.

"This is what you call 'professional provocation.'" Danitz spread his hands in conclusion. "If I meet a beast, a monster, or someone who can't be reasoned with because they've lost control, I can deliberately emanate an aura they hate. This is a Beyonder power."

People with such Beyonder powers would either be great at taking a beating, or they would be great at escaping. Clearly, you belong to the latter... Klein mockingly thought.

Without having to worry about his injured left arm, Danitz was in a good mood as he continued, "Actually, I'm very good at setting up traps. It's a pity that you didn't agree with my plan when hunting Steel Maveti."

Klein resisted the twitching of his mouth as he calmly replied, "You still have a chance."

"What chance?" Danitz asked out of curiosity.

"A chance to set up traps for Beyonders such as Steel. One by one, I'll introduce you to them." Klein smiled.

"..." Danitz was momentarily at a loss for words.

He knew very well that traps were often ineffective against a man who wasn't afraid of guns, projectiles, fire, or water.

Danitz let out a hollow chuckle and turned to look out the window.

"The weather has cleared up...

"Does that mean that the serpent, Kalvetua, is dead?"

Klein answered tersely, making no attempt to conceal the truth.

Danitz exhaled, hesitated, then said, "Regardless, after this citywide sweep, few pirates will dare come to Bayam for some time. This will definitely include Admiral of Blood.

"Your plan to hunt him with Captain might have to be abandoned. The Sonia Sea is vast, so it's very difficult to find a fleet deliberately concealing its whereabouts. Moreover, they can head for the Fog Sea, Berserk Sea, North Sea, or Polar Sea."

If it was that easy to kill a pirate admiral at sea, the Church and the military would've done it a long time ago! Let me return to the Golden Dream as soon as possible! Danitz cried inwardly.

Don't worry, I have a way, and this will be your job... Klein asked without batting an eyelid, "What's your Captain's opinion?"

He had already spent twelve pounds to obtain a radio receiver through Fors, but he had been too busy with matters regarding the Sea God to bother with it. Hence, he hadn't taken it out from the junk pile above the gray fog to bring to the real world.

Meanwhile, Klein had received the money from Miss Justice and Mr. Hanged Man, raising his fortune to 7,085 pounds and five gold coins.

Wealth on this scale was enough to buy a rather large and productive manor anywhere.

If it wasn't for my revenge and my hope of finding a way back to Earth, I could've already retired... Klein thought in satisfaction.

Captain's opinion... Danitz forced a smile and said, "Although Captain and the others should've entered within a 500-nautical-mile radius, in theory, allowing the attempt of a Soulfall Ritual, you should know that the sea routes aren't entirely safe. Pirates have to be careful not to get caught by the military or the Church. For this, they often need to take detours.

"I believe we should wait another day before doing the Soulfall Ritual so as to avoid wasting energy and materials."

"Okay." Klein gave no definite answer and turned toward the washroom.

He planned on heading out again today to search for a chance to act as another person.

Seeing Gehrman Sparrow's back, Danitz exhaled.

I must first contact Captain in private and persuade her to let me return to the Golden Dream before I can use the Soulfall Ritual in front of you! Gehrman Sparrow is someone who likes to head out. I have plenty of opportunities and space. Heh heh, don't tell me that he enjoys shopping? Danitz thought, curling his lips.

After leaving the Cathedral of Waves, Alger Wilson went straight to the Ralph Trading Company, deep in thought, and found the owner, who was reading a newspaper.

He was well aware that this middle-aged man, in formal attire, a bow tie, and glasses, was a veteran pirate. He supported the Resistance in secret and reverently worshiped Sea God Kalvetua.

"What is it, our captain of a ghost ship?" Ralph put down the newspaper, crossed his right foot over his left, and smiled leisurely.

He was an illegitimate child. His father was an adventurer of Loen and Feysac blood, and his mother was a native. He had made his fortune by becoming a pirate, then being a merchant that did business with both pirates and the officials. He established a vast network of connections that provided him with help at the governor-general's office, the city council, and the police station.

Upon hearing Ralph's question, Alger almost frowned, because the man's attitude and tone were rather abnormal.

This was completely contrary to Alger's expectations.

In his opinion, after the fall of Sea God Kalvetua, he was certain that there would definitely be bad omens in the Rorsted Archipelago. The pious believers would definitely sense that something was amiss, either feeling apprehensive or downcast, so how could they still be so relaxed and natural!

Alger didn't directly mention Kalvetua; instead, he chuckled and asked, "Do you know where Kovaro has been recently?"

Kovaro was the pirate captain who possessed the Beyonder characteristic of a Sanguine Baron. It was said that he was once a sailor aboard the Black Emperor and part of the peripheral forces of the King of the Five Seas, Nast.

"Who knows? But he's surely not in Bayam; otherwise, he would've been caught in the raids in the past two days." Ralph shrugged his shoulders. "I heard that his boat went south."

Alger actually had an appointment with Kovaro on this matter, and he was only using it as a way to start the conversation.

Of course, he was well aware that to avoid the tsunami in the waters of the Rorsted Archipelago, Kovaro had definitely gone far away and would take some time before he returned to Bayam.

However, Alger wasn't too anxious, as he already knew that Mr. Moon had been given an acceptance draft. If he withdrew the sum before its maturity, he would receive a discounted value and lose a large amount of interest.

He deliberately nodded his head and said, "Got it, thank you for telling me."

At this point, Alger pretended to be unaware of what had happened and asked, "I heard that Sea God figurines in many places shattered on their own?"

He hadn't witnessed any instances of this himself, but he could make a reasonable deduction based on the Church's archives.

In many of the colonial islands and countries of the Southern Continent, more than one or two false gods like Kalvetua had been finished off by the seven Churches. What happened after their deaths had already long been recorded in the archives.

Ralph calmly nodded.

"Yes, there was such a thing.

"But that's not bad news."

His expression turned fervent.

"Because God has once again walked the land in a new image!"

God has once again walked the land in a new image? Alger kept his eyes fixed on him, finding this both reasonable and unexpected.

Judging from the Church of Storms's reaction, he was certain that Kalvetua was already dead. Then which Sea God was responding to the believers now?

Connecting it with his previous judgment, he quickly came up with a bold idea: Is it an embodiment of Mr. Fool?

He used Sea God Kalvetua's perishing to create a new identity? He can release his powers through the seal to directly affect an identity in the real world?

Is this the real reason for The World to come to Bayam?

Hiss, Mr. Fool really does things with pomp!

Alger secretly swallowed his saliva and suppressed his excitement.

In the Wind of Azure Inn, Klein, who had yet to leave, saw the stack of cash Captain Elland handed him.

"Here is your reward, a total of one hundred pounds."

He didn't mention how much Gehrman Sparrow and Danitz each received, but he gave a total amount. As for how exactly they would split the reward, that was something he left to them.

The military is really generous... Klein silently mused as he received the thick stack of cash, instinctively taking out two five-pound notes and tossing them to Danitz.

He lowered his wrist, then expressionlessly drew another two ten-pound notes.

Gehrman Sparrow is still rather just, far more so than Just Elland... Pleasantly surprised, Danitz put away the reward. His wallet, which had grown considerably thinner over the past few days, was finally replenished.

Glancing at Gehrman Sparrow in his new clothes, Elland deliberated for a moment before asking, his boat-shaped hat in hand, "News from the Church of Storms has revealed that the person who posted the notices on the cathedral doors, informing them of the problem involving Leticia and Sea God Kalvetua, was Blazing Danitz.

"What do you think about that?"

He stared straight into Danitz's eyes and waited for an answer.

"Haha." Danitz gave a hollow chuckle. "I don't know him."

Klein was silent for two seconds before saying, "While fulfilling a dead adventurer's wish, I came across Leticia and her companions at the inn.

"Snakes invaded our place in the middle of the night, but they easily resolved it.

"After returning to Bayam, I went to purchase some items from the Resistance and discovered that they had taken out their holy sword. Furthermore, there were two Mid-Sequence Beyonders guarding that small base.

"I felt a crazy will invade my body just by making contact with that holy sword for a moment, and I had nearly lost control on the spot.

"They were still after Leticia."

What Klein said was the truth; it wasn't the entire truth, but it was enough to infer the contents of the announcement.

Even if the kingdom's military and the Church of Storms were to investigate further, they would only be able to unearth the fact that Gehrman Sparrow could change his appearance.

After listening carefully, Elland sighed and smiled, "If there are such things in the future, you don't have to post notices in the middle of the night. You can come find me directly. This will allow you to reap even greater rewards."

He stood up, put on his hat, and said to Danitz, "I heard that the bounty for Blazing is going to rise again."

Chapter 553: Danitz's Hard Work

Bounty... The muscles in Danitz's cheek twitched as he forced a smile, pretending that he wasn't Blazing and that he didn't care.

When Elland left, he turned sharply to face Gehrman Sparrow and said, "I think we should move to another inn. No, we'd better leave Bayam as soon as possible!"

If I'm worth a bounty of more than 5,000 pounds, I won't be safe anywhere! The pirates and adventurers who are at the same level as me would definitely rush over like sharks smelling blood! Prey that they can finish off while also proving themselves and giving them a high bounty are always very popular. They're worth no less than treasure! Danitz suppressed even more of his inward shouting.

Klein neither agreed nor disagreed. He slowly smiled. "Are you worried that your bounty will be too high?"

Danitz nodded heavily, finally feeling as though the madman, Gehrman Sparrow, was finally saying something sensible.

"Besides hiding, there are other solutions," Klein said as he walked over to the coat rack.

"What are they?" Danitz asked subconsciously.

Klein took off his half top hat and put it on his head.

"Raise your Sequence."

Let your strength match the bounty... He put on his coat, twisted the handle, and walked out of the suite.

Raise myself to Sequence 6? Become a Conspirer? Danitz paused for two seconds, then he frowned and grimaced.

When he consumed the Sequence 9 Hunter and Sequence 8 Provoker potions, he hadn't encountered much difficulty. In fact, he had begun to long to find legendary treasures, obtain Mid- or High-Sequence formulas and their corresponding materials, advance to demigodhood, and become the new king of the sea. However, the intense pain and discomfort caused by the Pyromaniac potion had left him fearful and apprehensive. He could hardly believe that he had nearly lost control despite strictly following his captain's instruction to constantly provoke his opponents.

This forced Danitz to consider whether or not he was fine just getting rich so that he could return to Intis a rich man.

He stood there, troubled for several minutes. Finally, he thought of a question.

Even if I want to advance by consuming a potion, it's not something I can do in a short period of time. I'll still have to find the formula and collect the ingredients. It wouldn't be an easy task, and the new bounty might be released tomorrow or even today!

So, I must change inns and leave Bayam as soon as possible!

After Alger left the Ralph Trading Company, he casually went to a few places to inquire about the situation. When it was almost noon, he received a new report from the Church of Storms.

"It's confirmed that the person who posted the notices at the door of the cathedral is Blazing Danitz.

"Pay attention to his whereabouts."

Blazing Danitz... Alger held the slip of paper in his hand and ruminated over the name silently. The corners of his mouth curled up, and he no longer had any doubts in his mind.

With ease and certainty, he felt confident about going out to sea to hunt for materials.

This was because his quest would take place at sea and Mr. Fool now had a new identity: "Sea God!"

Having missed the morning's Blue Planet, Danitz waited until four in the afternoon to attempt the Soulfall Ritual while Gehrman Sparrow was out.

He expertly drew the God of Knowledge and Wisdom's Sacred Emblem--an omniscient eye upon an open book--and set up the appropriate altar.

Inside the wall of spirituality, he lit a candle and picked up the lavender and mint extract before dripping it onto the still burning flame.

A refreshing fragrance filled the air, and Danitz burned several more herbal powders.

Having done all this, he took a step back and said in ancient Hermes, "I pray for the power of knowledge;

"I pray for the power of rationality;

"I pray for the God of Wisdom's loving grace;

"I pray that you allow me to communicate with the spirit of Edwina Edwards, the teacher who pursues knowledge, the researcher of spirit world creatures, Vice Admiral Iceberg of the seas, who hails from Lenburg."

Whoosh!

Along with the echo of the incantation, the interior of the altar suddenly became cold. Apart from the three candles, the remaining brass dagger, the salt plate, the bottle of extract, and the fountain pen and paper all floated in midair.

Danitz waited nervously, not knowing what was going to happen next.

After nearly twenty seconds, the flames of the three candles began to sway and turn pale green!

Danitz's body suddenly stiffened. He felt an icy chill irresistibly invade his body.

He saw his feet move uncontrollably, and he took a step forward.

He saw his left hand rise and grab the black fountain pen and a piece of white paper.

He saw himself bend over with a pen in his left hand, quickly writing: "Is there something?"

The words were exquisite and artistic, very different from Danitz's own style.

It was only then that Danitz realized he could control his head and his throat.

"Captain, Sea God Kalvetua is dead!" He squeezed out his hoarse voice as though he was suffering from a heavy cold.

"Details." His right hand wrote smoothly.

This was the opportunity Danitz had been waiting for. He immediately recounted everything that had happened: Gehrman Sparrow's visit to Symeem Island to fulfill an adventurer's dying wish; the possibility that he had suffered the Sea God's curse and how easily he resolved the problem after closing the door; and the madman's mistake of taking the ancient elven ruins for a Sea God ruin.

Toward the end, Danitz quickly added his own assessment of the matter.

"I believe that Admiral of Blood won't come to Bayam for quite a substantial period of time. Most famous pirates wouldn't.

"It will take at least half a year for this matter to pass.

"Captain, your hunting plan with Gehrman Sparrow might have to be shelved for the time being. I-I wish to return to the Golden Dream."

His left hand froze for a few seconds before writing: "Continue to follow Gehrman Sparrow, and be my intermediary with him."

"Captain, y-you can teach him the Soulfall Ritual!" Danitz yelled hoarsely.

His left hand wrote: "This can only be done within 500 nautical miles, and in the case of the person holding the ritual, it would be quite risky for him. And you have our points of contact on the various islands. Those are things that cannot be told to outsiders."

Indeed... Gehrman Sparrow is just an outsider... But, Captain, I really want to go back to the Golden Dream! Danitz racked his brains and said, "Maybe we can invite him to be a guest on the ship. No, this..."

Suddenly an idea came to Danitz.

"Captain, he has a messenger! He has a messenger!

"A messenger that travels through the spirit world to deliver letters for him!"

This should be an unrestricted means of communication, and it should be more private and secure! I don't need to be the intermediary anymore! Danitz thought with unrestrained delight.

His left hand hung in midair for a few seconds before he wrote: "If that's the case, there's no problem.

"As the new year holiday is coming to an end, it's indeed time for you to return to the ship. You do have some talent in languages, but you still have quite a few problems in other areas. You need to attend more classes and work harder."

Danitz opened his mouth, but nothing came out of it.

He suddenly felt that returning to the Golden Dream was nothing to look forward to.

In the evening, Klein returned to the Wind of Azure Inn.

He hadn't found a suitable target for acting despite an entire day's work. Due to the earlier sweep, many wanted pirates and adventurers had been arrested. The rest remained cautiously hidden, not daring to go out at all. Business was poor in the bars, casinos, and brothels, with few customers to be found.

"So this is the situation." Danitz came over. He cleared his throat and gave a hollow chuckle. "It would be my first time using the Soulfall Ritual, and I don't have much confidence. I did a test ahead of time, and haha, it succeeded. I managed to communicate with Captain, and she believes there's no chance to hunt Admiral of Blood any time soon. She plans on summoning me back to the Golden Dream. As for us communicating, don't you have a messenger? You can use the messenger to send Captain a letter."

My messenger was given by a bigshot, and it's not mine... Moreover, the messenger can only send messages back and forth between the owner and the owner of the token, without involving anyone else. Yes, it can also be between the host of a ritual and the owner... That reminds me, I have to find a way to get a messenger of my own, or many things will be inconvenient... As for the solution to this, obviously, it's to write to Mr. Azik who has to be an expert on the matter... Klein calmly pulled over a chair and sat down. He leaned forward and said in a low voice, "Tell your Captain that I have a way to find Admiral of Blood."

"Huh?" Danitz was stunned, having not expected such an answer.

Then, he saw the corners of Gehrman Sparrow's mouth slowly widen as he repeated, "Tell your Captain."

Danitz shivered. He didn't dare to make any inquiries as he forced a smile.

"We'll have to wait until the next Blue Planet, which is between 11 p.m. and midnight tonight."

"Very good." Klein smiled as he praised.

But Danitz wasn't happy at all.

Klein stood up slowly, recollecting a special dish he had eaten for dinner, and he headed for the bedroom.

The dish was called Teativa, which translated into Loenese as "meat within fruit." The cook hollowed out a giant local fruit called a Teana, leaving only its sturdy shell, then stuffed it with minced mutton and fish, sea salt, and several kinds of spices before roasting it repeatedly over the fire. The meat was fresh and fragrant, blending perfectly with the fruit's sweet and slightly sour flavor.

Closing the door behind him, Klein first wrote a letter thanking Mr. Azik for his earlier guidance, then he asked again how he could have a messenger of his own.

After folding the letter, he took out his copper whistle and summoned the messenger.

The messenger didn't stay, disintegrating the moment it took the letter.

Phew... Klein rested for a moment, ready to enter the space above the gray fog to see if the prayers of the believers could bring him any useful information, such as who he could actually act as.

Chapter 554: Acting as a God

Above the gray fog, inside the palace that looked like a giant's residence.

Seated in The Fool's chair, Klein raised his right hand, allowing the Sea God Scepter to fly out of the junk pile and land in his palm.

He had originally planned to place this item, which was at the level of a Grade 1 Sealed Artifact, beside his chair to show a demigod item the proper respect. After careful consideration, however, he decided that the Sea God Scepter still couldn't measure up to the mysterious and powerful Fool, who could contend with the True Creator and the Primordial Demoness. Only a Card of Blasphemy was barely worthy of his status. Therefore, he threw the Sea God Scepter into the junk pile.

Looking at the blue dots surrounding the white bone staff, Klein willed them to split into preliminary categories.

Just as he had expected, those blue dots of light automatically split according to his will. Those that merely praised Sea God and were prayers with no clear reason sank to the bottom and then rapidly disappeared. Those regarding confessions and pleas floated upward and came closer to Klein's palm.

Following his spiritual intuition, he "tapped" one of the latter.

All of a sudden, he saw tall, surging waves and heard the violent whistling of a gust of wind.

A fishing boat was bobbing up and down in the undulating deep blue sea, as though it was ready to capsize at any moment.

Above the fishing boat, the natives were either hugging the mast or pulling on ropes, making their last-ditch efforts to survive. Many of them were panicking as they chanted the honorific name of Sea God.

Noticing that this was an ongoing prayer, Klein lifted the milky-white scepter.

At the tip of the scepter, the blue-colored "gems" emitted a halo of light one after another before they connected into one and shone onto the scene.

The fishermen were gradually losing all hope when they suddenly felt the ship stabilize despite being hurled into the air.

They looked around in amazement and saw that the mountain-like waves had calmed down at some point, and the raging winds were slowly calming down, turning as mild as Zarhar beer.

The oppressive dark clouds in the sky dissipated, and a mysterious force drove back the storm before it could fully take shape.

The fishermen quickly recovered from their dazed states and understood what had happened.

Sea God has protected everyone! Sea God has shown his majesty!

Plop! Plop! Plop!

All of them prostrated themselves on the deck, spread their hands, and placed them against their mouths, reciting the Sea God's honorific name without any coordination.

"Thank you, praise you. Adorer of the sea and spirit world, guardian of the Rorsted Archipelago, ruler of the undersea creatures, master of tsunamis and storms, the great Kalvetua!"

Above the gray fog, Klein felt a little depressed.

I was the one who saved you, so why are you thanking Kalvetua?

That sea serpent will only deliberately create hurricanes, set off waves, and intimidate you so that you would piously believe in it...

Klein fell silent for two seconds, then he suddenly burst out laughing.

Kalvetua is already dead, and the current Kalvetua is another one of my identities.

Why should I be in a bad mood when people are thanking my other identity?

Is this something a Faceless has to bear in mind when truly acting? One must fully immerse oneself in the role and treat all the emotions one receives as one's own, yet never forget who one truly is... This is difficult to accomplish. Neglecting it can result in an abnormal state of mind, and once a Beyonder's mental state becomes abnormal, they won't be far from losing control...

After thinking for a while, Klein let out a sigh and chuckled to himself.

Acting the role of Sea God has been quite rewarding after all.

Although such acting neither provides feedback, due to the gray fog's screening and isolation, nor facilitates the digestion of the Faceless potion, it can provide experience and lessons that will help me devise a safer and more effective way to act.

Wrapping up his thoughts, Klein spread his spirituality to another point of light.

This time, the plea came from under a bridge. A woman with tattered clothes and a festering body was leaning against a corner, mumbling the honorific name of Sea God as she made her final confession.

Through her descriptions, Klein seemed to have witnessed her short life.

She was a native woman whose parents believed in the Sea God, and she had inherited their faith. For the first decade or so of her life, her father worked as a miner, repaired roads, and laid rails, while her mother took temporary jobs--sewing, doing laundry, helping at the docks, and occasionally working as a street girl. Only through all this did the family barely survive.

An abrupt change occurred two years ago. Her father had died during a road repair accident, and the Rorsted Railroad Company had offered only a pittance of compensation. This pushed the family onto a path of no return.

Subsequently, the girl's mother sold her to the Red Theater, where she became a licensed prostitute.

Although Emperor Roselle had long invented the condom, many pirates and adventurers were unwilling to use one in their desire for momentary pleasure. And since the Red Theater didn't enforce the use of condoms, the girl's resistance was ineffective. All she could do was submit, eventually getting infected with some disease.

The manager of the Red Theater had tried to provide her some simple treatment, but seeing that she wasn't getting any better, she was chased out because the cost of the follow-up treatment was obviously much higher than the cost of buying another girl.

Not only was the ill girl unable to find a new job, but she didn't even have the money to rent a house. Her mother and younger siblings had long since disappeared, perhaps already dead or abducted to become slaves.

The girl became a vagrant and lived beneath the bridge. She managed to survive for some time thanks to food and free medicine provided by charitable organizations.

But that respite was ultimately short-lived. Her illness steadily worsened, her body grew weaker, and before long, she reached the end of her life.

At that moment, she recalled the days when she was the most well-fed and dressed. She recalled the words that the pirates and adventurers would occasionally say. She whispered and prayed to Sea God, "I want to live like a human being..."

Klein once again raised his staff, but he found that this Sealed Artifact didn't possess the ability to cure diseases.

He thought of purchasing some medicine from Emlyn White via The World, but he found that the prayer scene happened at noon. The girl had already passed away under the bridge, in mud and dirt, her body filled with agony and intense hunger.

Klein was silent for a moment, then he raised the angle of the prayer screen to reveal the location of the bridge.

After memorizing the characteristics of the nearby streets and the surrounding area, Klein leaned back in his chair, sighed, and said with an insincere smile, "What a humble wish.

"There isn't much of an opportunity to act... I'll try my best to bury you like a human being..."

He retracted his attention and scanned the other points of light, searching for someone he could act as, but he found nothing.

During this process, Klein noticed that Kalat, Edmonton, and the other members of the Resistance were carrying out a ritual. They had placed a batch of items on the altar, and they prayed for Sea God to imbue them with power.

So that's how they receive the Beyonder items they use for trade... To be at the level of a demigod is truly different... Moreover, they're used to not receiving any immediate replies. It's as if they plan to leave the items on the altar the entire night... Apparently, that sea serpent, Kalvetua, didn't respond immediately either. It depends on its mood, or whether it was asleep or not. Otherwise, it could only respond instinctively, unable to produce any Beyonder items in batches... Klein picked up the Sea God Scepter, making the blue "gems" shine again.

Boundless spirituality magically merged together, gushing into the prayer scene with transcendent vibes and randomly fusing with various items.

Some are Electric Shock charms, some allow people to swim through the sea like fish, and some can summon a gale... Within three months, their spirituality will gradually decline to nothing... Klein half-closed his eyes, sensing the changes in the items.

Although he had only responded twice, he was already rather exhausted despite mainly relying on the power of the Sea God Scepter. However, the first response had to do with him forcibly dispersing a storm and calming the waves, while the second response was to simultaneously provide an "enchantment" to dozens of items. They were all at the level of a demigod, so it was rather draining on his spirituality.

Even if I frequently use the Sea God Scepter, I wouldn't be able to last very long... On the other hand, the negative side effects wouldn't be a burden on me. I can attempt to use it at times...

Yes, the situation with the Resistance reminded me. I can also pray to myself and make a bunch of charms, mainly to allow me to do things underwater. This way, even if I find myself in a sea battle, I wouldn't be so restrained. Oh right, I still don't know how to make lightning charms. I need to seek out the corresponding mysticism information, and with it, I can deal with enemies who have air superiority...

Klein silently muttered a few sentences and threw the Sea God Scepter back into the junk pile while swiftly returning to the real world.

East Chester County. By the side door of a huge manor in the vast and beautiful countryside.

Audrey Hall wore a fitted black riding habit over a simple blouse. She sat skillfully astride a reddish-brown mare without the slightest unsteadiness.

Her black leather boots were in the stirrups, with her white trousers slightly tucked into them. She smiled at Susie, who had a leather bag on her back.

"I'll wait for you at the edge of the woods!"

With that, she bent down with the whip in her hand and let the brownish-red mare gallop across the open field.

Compared to the gorgeous yet gloomy family castle, Audrey preferred the beautiful manor and the scenery of the countryside.

One handsome horse after another came running out. The riders were servants and maidservants, and their only mission was to protect Miss Audrey.

Susie was also running happily, a feeling she couldn't experience in Backlund.

Moreover, she and Audrey would have a little adventure today: exploring an ancient tower in the forest that had collapsed long ago. Anything valuable had long since been taken, but no accidents had ever occurred there. It was the perfect place for someone inexperienced to practice her various abilities.

The only problem was that it would be dark in two hours, and there might not be enough time.

Chapter 555: The Late-Night Message

January in East Chester County remained bitterly cold, and snow often lay in drifts. The trees stood bare and withered, while the beasts hid away, leaving the land seemingly devoid of life.

Audrey led Susie around the ancient tower several times while surrounded by her attendants and maidservants, but they found nothing.

There were only piles of gray bricks and rotten wood, and in the gaps, there were weeds and the corpses of tiny critters.

Audrey had hoped to find murals among the ruined walls that might reveal the ancient tower's origins, and perhaps use the appearance of a wild beast to practice Beyonder abilities such as Awe, Frenzy, and Placate in secret. Instead, she was sorely disappointed.

This isn't even a little adventure... It's merely a ride through the countryside... She pursed her lips, gripped her riding crop, and walked toward her horse.

Still unwilling to give up, she asked the attendants and maidservants around her halfway back, "Are there any legends about monsters nearby?"

Half of the attendants had followed her from Backlund to the family castle before coming to this manor. The other half were locals and were usually busy in the manor. There was no doubt that Audrey was asking the latter.

She had come to this manor precisely because the surrounding region had a long folk tradition of dragon worship.

A young attendant secretly shot a glance at his noble and beautiful mistress. He mustered his courage, took two steps forward, and bowed while saying, "Deep in this forest, there are many fearsome wild beasts. Every year, hunters die there, but no one has ever encountered a monster before.

"It's just like the situation described in an old folk song passed down around here..."

He recited the folk song, whose general meaning was:

"Monsters are in your dreams;

"Dragons are in your dreams;

"The great imagined palace that floats in the air is likewise in your dreams;

"There you possess everything, until the moment you awake."

Curious children, brave adventurers, seek the dragon in your dreams... The attendant deliberately omitted the final line, fearing that Miss Audrey might mistake it for sarcasm directed at her.

A dragon in a dream... The great imagined palace floating in the air is likewise in a dream... Audrey pondered carefully for a few seconds before suddenly feeling that this ancient folk song wasn't entirely meaningless.

According to the information about dragons that she had bought from Little Sun, the Dragon of Imagination Ankewelt had once imagined a floating city where massive temple pillars supported a towering palace complex. The city was named Liveseyd, meaning the City of Miracles.

In dreams... The Spectator pathway comes from the mind dragons and involves consciousness, the subconscious, the sea of collective subconscious, and the sky of spirituality. No matter how one looks at it, it certainly involves the domain of dreams... Perhaps this ancient folk song really does point to something... Could Liveseyd truly exist in the sea of collective subconscious, within dreams? But a dream exists purely in the mind... Countless thoughts flashed through Audrey's mind. Even after returning to the manor, she was still unable to form a clear train of thought.

Entering the room, she glanced at Susie, suddenly having the urge to show off.

Susie doesn't know anything about dragons, so she definitely wouldn't be able to detect the peculiarities of this folk song... No, don't be arrogant; that's too superficial... And it's easy for Susie to discover that I'm hiding something... Audrey walked a few steps back and forth with her back straight, and she asked in a seemingly casual manner, "Susie, what do you think that folk song is really about? I have a nagging feeling that it's not as simple as it seems."

Susie opened her mouth, momentarily at a loss for words because she didn't know anything about poetry.

She gave it some serious thought and said, "Audrey, I'm only a dog."

In a forest in Blue Mountain Island.

Too agitated and excited to sleep, Kalat toured the surroundings in his wheelchair, as though he had found a reason to live beyond revenge.

After making a full circle, he returned to the altar to pray once again.

He remembered the contents of the "Ten Commandments" very clearly. He knew that he couldn't use Sea God's name in vain, so he planned to use the relatively vague "God" as a replacement during his prayers.

When he approached the altar, his gaze suddenly turned into a stare because the items placed on it all had an unusual aura. For example, a dagger didn't reflect any crimson moonlight but released silver lightning. A leaf had become increasingly greener, making him feel that it was easier to breathe from a mere glance.

God has bestowed his grace... This thought suddenly flashed in Kalat's mind.

Up to this point, he no longer had any doubts regarding the transformation of Sea God. The sacrilegious thoughts hidden deep within him were completely dispelled.

God's previous revelation that "'He' will walk the land again" implied that "He" was remaking "His" image... The meaning runs so deep, yet we failed to interpret it before... Kalat slowly drew a deep breath and propped himself up with his hands before solemnly prostrating himself before the great Sea God.

Soon, he returned to his wheelchair and headed for the residence of the High Priest, Edmonton, and the others.

He couldn't wait to tell his companions about what had just happened, to share with them the grace of God.

At a quarter past eleven that night.

Klein sat in his chair and watched with a blank expression as Danitz held the Soulfall Ritual, memorizing all the details while he did it.

It still requires help from the spirit world... He made a preliminary judgment.

If the target is a spirit world creature, it can be located as long as the description is accurate. Merely using a language imbued with a measure of "power" can summon it directly or cause its spirit to descend, regardless of distance.

To a certain extent, deities have this trait as well, but sometimes it's possible to get a response from them even if the prayer is in an ordinary language. Of course, that is only if they have become believers and have caught the notice of the deity.

At the demigod level, they seem to have merged with the spirit world to a certain extent. That's why an accurate description can point toward them and make a response possible. However, there is still a limit to the distance; beyond a certain range, they can't receive the "signal"... Sea God Kalvetua is an example.

Vice Admiral Iceberg is a powerful Mid-Sequence Beyonder, but her own strength isn't enough to accomplish this. She must borrow the aid of a corresponding deity and use a precise, unambiguous description. Even then, the distance and range are restricted.

The moment Klein finished organizing his thoughts, the various items on the altar began to float up, with the exception of the three candles.

Danitz shuddered uncontrollably, his expression turning cold.

Soon, Vice Admiral Iceberg's feminine voice emerged from his mouth.

"Good evening."

Her tone seems to carry the irritation of having been awakened... Klein felt that Danitz's entire bearing had become feminine.

He hesitated for a moment and said, "I have a way to find Admiral of Blood."

"What?" The tone of Edwina Edwards, whose spirit possessed Danitz, had already returned to its usual emotionless state.

Klein said simply, "They use the latest wireless telegraphy technology. I received the frequencies and passcodes from White Shark."

"Wireless telegraphy... You know about such things?" Edwina seemed surprised that Gehrman Sparrow, an expert in mysticism, also possessed some general knowledge of radio communications.

Klein politely smiled.

"A little."

Edwina was silent for two seconds, then she asked through Danitz, "Have they discovered that?"

Are you referring to whether Admiral of Blood and company have discovered the leak of their frequencies and passcodes? In theory, they should've since their intelligence officer, Old Quinn, has died at the hands of Mr. Hanged Man. However, wireless telegraphy hasn't reached the level of wide-scale adoption yet, so it's easy for those who use it to ignore security risks... Klein didn't respond with absolute certainty.

"Perhaps.

"But we can try."

As long as I can listen in on the frequency, there's a very high chance of finding Admiral of Blood! Even as the Sea God, a mere demigod, I can't know the neighboring seas like the back of my hand, but I can still control sea creatures and have them search for people... Klein silently added.

Edwina said thoughtfully, "I'll have Danitz help with the surveillance."

You know a lot about wireless telegraphy as well... Klein grinned and said, "Okay."

When the Soulfall Ritual was over, Danitz watched Gehrman Sparrow take out a sizable piece of machinery and its corresponding accessories, with mixed emotions.

"What is this?" he asked in astonishment.

Klein said flatly, "Radio transceiver."

Danitz gaped before finally forcing out his question.

"Where did you get it?"

Klein glanced at him.

"Outside."

As he spoke, he tossed the manual and information on the frequencies and passcodes to Danitz and went back to his bedroom to sleep.

So this is what he does on his frequent trips out... Danitz felt as though he had understood something.

After considerable reading and experimentation, he finally learned how to operate the radio transceiver and settled into his reclining chair. Soon, he was snoring.

He had no idea how long he slept before rhythmic clicks startled him awake.

What? Danitz rolled to his feet and looked toward the source of the sound.

In the dim room, beneath the serene moonlight, the radio transceiver was operating on its own and spitting out illusory sheets of white paper.

What's this? Danitz conjured flames in his palms as he carefully inched forward.

This scene reminded him of the horror stories that pirates often spoke of when they were bragging!

There's a problem with the radio transceiver? It's connected to an evil spirit? Danitz decided to yell for Gehrman Sparrow the moment he discovered anything amiss.

As he approached the radio transceiver, he saw several lines of ancient Feysac on the illusory sheet of paper.

"Hello.

"I sense a familiar but unique aura, but it's about to dissipate."

"Hello." Danitz attempted a response. "Who are you?"

The radio transceiver produced its clickety-clack again, spitting out a piece of white paper.

"My name is Arrodes.

"In exchange, you have to answer one of my questions."

Chapter 556: Discriminatory Treatment

A question? This strange radio transceiver is a little interesting... Danitz cleared his throat.

"You can ask, but I might not answer."

Heh heh, do you think I'm the kind of adventurer or archaeologist who gets himself killed out of curiosity? Danitz thought with equal parts caution and pride.

It took a few seconds for the radio transceiver to produce its clickety-clack again. An illusory piece of white paper was spat out with red words on it: "Do you have a secret crush on your Captain?"

...No! Don't speak nonsense! Who? Who told you that? Danitz's face instantly reddened.

He felt at a loss to have the secret that had been buried deep in his heart for so many years revealed so suddenly. He was embarrassed and ashamed at the same time and subconsciously wanted to deny it.

But at the same time, he was also shocked and confused as to how this matter had been discovered by an outsider. He had never told anyone, and he had kept this secret very well hidden!

Danitz opened his mouth, forced a smile, and said, "What a silly question, I refuse to answer!"

The radio transceiver produced its clickety-clack and spat out more white paper.

"Then let's change the question.

"If you really don't like her, who can endure such dry and boring lessons? Isn't that right?"

"No! It's because I'm not strong enough to beat her!" Danitz blurted out, his expression twisted.

The clacking of the radio transceiver grew increasingly brisk, and more words appeared on the illusory white paper.

"A lie.

"Let's change the question.

"The type of woman you like is beautiful, powerful, mysterious, intelligent, and able to step on you, right?"

Danitz's lips quivered as he felt as though flames were seemingly rising from his body and smoke was billowing from his head.

At this moment, he felt his state of mind explode. It was as if someone had stripped him naked and tossed him into a busy street.

Subconsciously, he looked around in panic, searching and avoiding the gazes that might be cast on him.

Then he saw that the bedroom door had opened at some point. Gehrman Sparrow stood there quietly in an untucked white shirt and rather loose black trousers. There was no telling how long he had been watching.

"You, when did you come out?" Danitz stuttered, his face blank.

Please tell me that you just opened the door! He prayed inwardly.

Klein walked over to the radio transceiver, which had become paranormal, and answered calmly, "From the beginning."

As a Seer, how could I not have sensed the strange activity outside? Even in my sleep, I'll still have my spiritual intuition... Klein chuckled inwardly.

Danitz's face instantly turned ashen. He spun around and rushed toward the radio transceiver that seemed possessed by an evil spirit, intending to tear up the illusory white paper bearing the three questions.

But his hand passed through the words without grasping anything.

A scarlet-red fireball formed in his palm again as he thought of blowing up the damn radio transceiver.

At this moment, Gehrman Sparrow's cold gaze swept over him.

Right, this is his... Danitz froze, looking at Gehrman Sparrow step past him and stop in front of the unusual radio transceiver.

Arrodes... How did it connect to this radio transceiver? It said it sensed a familiar but unique aura which is about to dissipate. Is it referring to the aura of the mysterious space above the gray fog?

This radio transceiver was placed above the gray fog for a few days. Although it didn't show any abnormalities, it still came into contact with the aura. Because of its function, it temporarily received information from the spirit world, which was subsequently detected by Arrodes, the magic mirror that seems to know a great deal?

Wait, what kind of question was that... I'm Gehrman Sparrow; I'm a cold, crazy adventurer. I'm a professional... I-I can't laugh out loud... Klein suppressed the corners of his mouth and secretly took a deep breath.

Danitz stole a sideways glance, like a prisoner at the gallows awaiting the verdict.

Seeing no change in expression from Gehrman Sparrow, he was slightly relieved. He was glad that the person who had watched from the side was a madman and not a normal human being. He wouldn't have any interest in such matters.

If it were any other pirate, I would be too embarrassed to return to the Golden Dream. No, I would be too embarrassed to show my face at sea! He looked with hatred and fear at the radio transceiver, at the demon calling itself Arrodes.

He heard the clacking again and saw a new piece of white paper spit out from the radio transceiver. There were two neat lines in Loenese: "Your loyal and humble servant, Arrodes, is honored to follow in your footsteps once again, constantly at your service."

... This isn't the same evil spirit as that Arrodes from before, right... Danitz's face twitched, and he suddenly felt that whatever happened tonight was surreal.

Klein, who had gone to great lengths to stifle his laughter, keenly noticed something. Arrodes wasn't here in person and had likely used the spirit world and the radio transceiver's "special function" to send messages remotely. Therefore, when Danitz refused to answer the first question, it was powerless to punish him and could only ask another question.

That's interesting. In the future, I'll just need to place the radio transceiver above the gray fog for prolonged periods, and I'll be able to turn it into a unique item that receives spirit world information from ghosts? Unfortunately, by the law of conservation of Beyonder characteristics, even with the augmentation of the gray fog's aura, its extraordinary abilities would dissipate bit by bit, eventually returning to normal...

Yes, according to my knowledge of mysticism, there's another way to maintain an ordinary item's extraordinary traits without using Beyonder characteristics: carve the honorific name or true name of an angel, or even a deity, onto it in a language that can stir the powers of nature... This would be equivalent to borrowing the target's mysticism and power. Of course, the premise is that "They" agree... I can't do it myself. At least, the piece of paper on which I previously wrote my bank passcode in ancient Hermes hasn't undergone any abnormal changes...

Among true deities, I know only one true name: Primordial Demoness Cheek... If I obtain "Her" honorific name as well, what will happen when I engrave both upon the radio transceiver in ancient Hermes? Will it release viruses? Will it gain a more industrial aesthetic, mesmerizing those with such fetishes...

Yeah, the most likely outcome is that, while the honorific name and true name are being carved, the Primordial Demoness's power will descend and suck everything dry... This is an extremely, extremely precise supernatural direction...

Strange thoughts flashed through Klein's mind until Arrodes greeted him.

Perfect. This is a magic mirror that can answer questions... Klein's heart skipped a beat. He turned his head to the side and said to Danitz, "Go out and guard the door."

"Alright!" Without any hesitation, Danitz rushed to the door.

He was afraid that the demon named Arrodes would ask him new questions!

When Danitz entered the corridor and closed the door behind him, Klein turned to the radio transceiver which was connected to the magic mirror, Arrodes, and said in a low voice, "I have some questions."

"This is my honor. Can I address you as Master? The great existence above the spirit world?" White paper spat out of the radio transceiver amid clacking sounds.

You're too obsequious and too shameless... Why do I have a nagging feeling that there's a problem... Klein pondered a little and said, "You can use any form to address me."

"Yes, Master!" Arrodes used an exclamation mark. "What's your question?"

"Where can I find mermaids?" Klein asked directly.

Amid clacking sounds, the radio transceiver answered: "Sail east from the Gargas Archipelago along the sea route for a week, and there's a chance of encountering mermaids. However, the mermaids there are all believers of the Evernight Goddess."

This is a little amazing... It's within expectations, but it's also surprising... Klein realized that his previous speculation had turned into reality in a way he didn't expect.

Arrodes continued to "type": "If it bothers you, you can continue heading east, but it will be very dangerous. That place is no longer a real ocean, but the ruins of the war of the gods. Of course, you definitely wouldn't mind that."

Who said that... I was still imagining that, with the Sea God Scepter, I might venture into even the most treacherous seas. Now you're telling me it's a sea formed from the battlefield of the gods... Indeed, there was a war of the gods in ancient times... Was that when the Creator reclaimed the ancient gods' authorities? Klein made no comment as he watched Arrodes make the radio transceiver produce more words.

"In addition, there are reared mermaids in the Church of Evernight's headquarters, in the Cathedral of Serenity, as well as the Sleep Cathedral on Dinos Island."

In addition to the Holy Cathedral, there are mermaids on Dinos Island as well? The former is too dangerous. They have Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts and powerhouses at the level of angels. The latter can be considered. Transform into a Nighthawk or a bishop and sneak in to listen to the singing and consume the potion... That's not right, the Church rears mermaids to target Faceless Beyonders, so how can they not be on guard against this point... I have to think of another way... Klein was about to ask the second question when he saw a new sheet of white paper come out of the radio transceiver.

"Great Master, I must abide by certain rules. You must answer a question of mine in exchange."

Answer your question? Klein raised his eyebrows slightly and waited for Arrodes to ask the question. He decided to acknowledge this servant depending on the situation.

Amidst the clacking, Arrodes used words to spell out a question: "What are you planning to have for breakfast today?"

Nice question... Klein calmly replied, "Depends on what the inn offers."

"A perfect answer!" Arrodes was just short of giving a round of applause.

Without waiting for Klein to speak, it continued to type: "The aura above the spirit world is about to disappear. I await the next opportunity to be at your service, great Master."

After the illusory piece of paper was spat out, the radio transceiver stopped and lost its gloomy feel.

How many days would it take above the gray fog before I can contact Arrodes again? I'll ask it for the method to remove the mental corruption of a Beyonder characteristic the next time...

Yes, this method should be used prudently. Arrodes can use the special connection after the radio transceiver is tainted by the aura. Those who are stronger and more terrifying than it might be capable of doing so as well... If I keep doing this, maybe one day I'll get a telegram from the True Creator or the Primordial Demoness... Klein's mind raced as he noticed the hidden risks.

Chapter 557: Giving Herself a Cue

East Chester County, the Hall Family Manor. Audrey sat at the dressing table and lit a candle.

Afterward, she looked at herself in the mirror through the candle's gently wavering light. Her green eyes gradually deepened, making it impossible for anyone who met them to look away, as though even their souls wished to drown in them.

"Audrey, you have to remain lucid tonight in the dream," she said to herself softly.

This was a simple "psychological cue."

The ancient folk song she had heard at dusk had inspired her to explore her dreams and see if she could enter the sea of collective subconscious and the sky of spirituality of all living things.

This was an experiment other Psychiatrists had never attempted. At least, the reference materials provided by the Psychology Alchemists described no similar experience--giving oneself a psychological cue in order to explore one's own dreams.

Perhaps I might be able to find traces of a mind dragon or even the City of Miracles, Liveseyd... Audrey withdrew her gaze, removed Lie, which was now in the form of a ruby necklace, and placed it inside a jewelry box.

She was afraid that the mystical item that amplified her emotions would affect her while in her dream and cause unnecessary harm; therefore, she removed it in advance out of caution.

After doing all of this, Audrey subconsciously looked at her reflection in the mirror and saw little blemishes on her face.

While wearing Lie, she felt that her beauty was intoxicating.

Wake up, Audrey. That's only a lie! She lifted her right palm and caressed her cheek.

At that moment, she was very glad that she had chosen the name "Lie" for that mystical item. It kept her constantly alert; otherwise, she feared that one day she would become completely dependent on it and refuse to face her true self. If she then lost it, she might very well lose control.

Relatively ordinary-looking girls might never wish to remove Lie after wearing it to perfect their looks. They might be willing to die to keep it... As a Beyonder, I can't allow myself such a state of mind either... Audrey sighed and stood up.

She walked briskly and expectantly through the warm room in her slippery silk robe, back to the soft, comfortable, and springy bed, and pulled a rope from the headboard.

Her personal maidservant, Annie, entered and gently extinguished the lights.

Before long, Audrey fell asleep.

In the hazy world, she suddenly jolted to her senses and realized that she was dreaming.

She looked around with interest and silently asked herself, Is this what's known in psychology as a lucid dream?

In mysticism, there is a similar concept.

It's really effective. I relied on a simple psychological cue that I planted in myself to get a lucid dream. Audrey, you really are a genius~ No, no, no, this is mainly an application of a Beyonder power. I mustn't be arrogant.

At this moment, Audrey had already figured out what the current dream was.

She was walking along a dark, narrow road surrounded by a dark forest, and ahead of her was the castle with its spires.

The prolonged howls of the wolves, the slow and frightening gasps, and the shrill and intermittent screams came from every direction, creating a dangerous and depressing atmosphere.

I haven't gotten over the fear caused by Duke Negan's assassination. I'm still afraid that one day, many Beyonders might suddenly attack my father, my mother, and my brothers... Audrey analyzed her dream from a Psychiatrist's perspective.

In this strangely real dream, she walked slowly toward the castle that was almost identical to the Hall family's ancestral house.

As she walked, a figure suddenly jumped out of the dark forest. It was a gigantic dragon with golden scales all over its body. Its eyes were pale gold with vertical pupils, and its thick tail looked like it could sweep away everything.

This dragon's facial features were exactly the same as Audrey's. When paired with its body, it gave off an indescribable feeling of strangeness and horror!

Audrey jumped in fright, almost waking up from her dream. Fortunately, having been a Spectator before, she was able to stabilize her emotions in time.

This made her realize that she had never truly forgotten how she had almost lost control when she consumed the Psychiatrist potion. Her self-comfort and improved mood at the time had been only superficial. The trauma had already taken root in the depths of her subconscious and would occasionally manifest in her dreams.

Fortunately, I discovered this today. In the future, I can try to treat this trauma in my subconscious. I'm a Psychiatrist! If I continue to ignore this issue, I might lose control due to this fear when advancing to Sequence 6... Audrey examined herself carefully.

As Audrey wandered, her dream kept changing erratically. It would've made for a rather unsatisfactory story.

Finally, she arrived in front of the castle and saw an arm-length magic staff sweeping through the air, scattering down specks of light that were as resplendent as starlight.

The castle that was shrouded in the light instantly became magnificent, and all the gloom disappeared.

The melody of a band came out from inside the castle as one wall lamp after another lit up.

This was my most beautiful vision of Beyonder powers at the very beginning... It truly was a little girl's fantasy... The corners of Audrey's mouth curled up, and her mood improved.

She didn't stop, but she walked past the castle to the edge of her dream. She didn't care how the scene behind her changed, or how the story unfolded.

After walking for an unknown amount of time, she passed through the barren wasteland and arrived at the top of a cliff.

Looking out, the gray, blurry void extended into the distance. The area beneath her was so deep that it seemed to be bottomless.

Audrey was keenly aware that this was the boundary of her dreams. Once she left, she had no idea what would happen.

And how do I leave? Jump down? Will I fall to my death... Audrey thought uneasily, lacking the courage to take the risk.

After thinking for a few seconds, she slowly came up with an idea.

This is a dreamland that originates from the world of my mind. As the mistress of this place, I can use my will to open up a path for myself!

Intent on making the attempt, she tried to conjure what she imagined, just as she did above the gray fog. The only difference was that there she needed Mr. Fool's help, while now she had to rely on herself.

Audrey stretched out her right hand, pointing it downwards into the depths of the gray fog.

In front of her, the gray fog suddenly surged, revealing layers of stairs that led downwards, without an end in sight.

Audrey took a slow breath, lifted her skirt slightly, and stepped onto the first step.

Step by step, she continued down the stairs. Her surroundings grew increasingly quiet, so quiet that she almost began hearing things.

In this place, there was nothing else apart from the gray fog. It was lonely and filled with the unknown.

A howling gale blew in from different directions, causing Audrey to sway back and forth. The fear she felt slowly deepened.

Before she lost control of her emotions, her green eyes shone with a warm light that seemed to be able to see through the hearts of others.

Audrey used her Psychoanalysis powers to placate herself!

She continued her search. After nearly a minute, a point of light suddenly lit up in the surrounding gray fog.

Audrey looked cautiously, only to see that the point of light depicted her just after she had consumed the potion and nearly become a draconic monster. As she teetered on the verge of losing control, worry, horror, fear, and nervousness clearly overflowed from her.

... This is my subconscious, so this is my trauma? Audrey vaguely understood where she was after she left her dreamland.

She was in no hurry to resolve this trauma as she continued to walk down, step by step, filled with anticipation.

According to the Psychology Alchemists' theories, beyond the depths of her subconscious lay her destination--the sea of collective subconscious shared by all living creatures!

During her exploration, Audrey saw herself as a child listening to her parents' stories. She saw the part of herself that valued her image but wasn't truly very elegant deep down. She saw herself participating in the Tarot Club, though every speck of light related to it was tightly shrouded in gray fog.

These are things in my subconscious... They influence my character and behavior? Audrey instinctively analyzed what she saw with her knowledge of psychology.

Amid the coruscating points of light, the lonely, aimless exploration pushed her to the verge of an emotional breakdown several times, but each time she used her Beyonder powers to placate herself before it was too late.

Just as she was about to lose all sense of the passage of time, she saw the last step.

In front of the steps was a solid, blurry, gray "ground." Above it, there were streams of light and shadows. They were dense and overlapping, like an illusory sea.

The sea of collective subconscious... Audrey took a few steps forward and raised her head to look up. To her surprise, the gray fog no longer blocked her vision as the clear high skies appeared.

There were countless indescribable silhouettes, seven of which were of different colors. They were lustrous brilliances that seemed to possess immense knowledge.

Audrey pursed her lips and happily said to herself, The sky of spirituality.

Then she cautiously moved forward, embarking on an adventure she could call her own.

Those figures of light that formed the sea would flash past her from time to time. Some contained ancient memories of being burned by flames, while others bore the excruciating pain of seeing something indescribable...

Apart from imprints left by people in ancient times, Audrey also saw the admiring gazes cast upon her one after another, as well as the activities of those who worshiped dragons.

As she walked, she noticed a grayish white mountain on the far left. It extended upwards until it emerged from the sea of light and shadows. The top of the mountain was shrouded in a dense fog, making the entire place seem hazy.

Is that someone else's consciousness? The sea is the subconscious, and ordinary consciousness lies above its surface? Yes, he's dreaming... Audrey suddenly thought of a possible application of a Psychiatrist's powers: she could approach and climb upward, directly influencing the other person's subconscious thoughts so that they would naturally act according to her wishes.

But it should be very difficult and very dangerous... Audrey looked away, not daring to make the attempt.

She clearly remembered that her purpose this time was to seek out traces of the mind dragon and the City of Miracles, Liveseyd.

Audrey passed by more than a hundred other people's consciousness. Gradually, she felt exhausted.

It's time to return. Instinctively, she raised her head and looked into the distance, rationally making the decision.

She stood there for a long time, unwilling to leave.

A shadow suddenly appeared in the air just as Audrey was about to turn around.

It was a pair of huge gray wings!

Under the wings, there was a long lizard-like monster.

Its entire body was covered with huge scales that were like grayish-white stone slabs. It had four thick and powerful legs, seemingly bathing in the sunlight that didn't exist as it flickered in what seemed like the afterglow of the setting sun.

The monster flew over. Its eyes were pale gold with vertical pupils, looking cold and arrogant.

Its grand, epic figure quickly disappeared into the sea of collective subconscious.

Dragon... A mind dragon! Audrey jumped on the spot and looked around, afraid of others noticing her inelegant behavior.

She paced around excitedly, feeling very satisfied with her adventure.

Indeed, the tradition of dragon worship here has a basis. A mind dragon lives in their collective subconscious... Audrey resisted the urge to praise herself and decided to return immediately and wake from the dream.

She didn't have the urge to continue her exploration, as she wasn't prepared for it at all. She was going to consult Mr. Fool, Mr. Hanged Man, and the others at the Tarot Club next week in the hope of receiving some advice.

Audrey returned the way she came, entering the "mountain" formed by her consciousness. Then, she woke herself up and successfully escaped from the dream.

At that moment, Danitz was also permitted to return to his room.

He glanced at Gehrman Sparrow and said with an embarrassed smile, "You won't tell anyone what you just saw, will you?"

Chapter 558: Searching for Anomalies

Klein answered neither "yes" nor "no." Instead, he stopped on his way to the bedroom and said flatly, "That was a question."

"Right, right, a question! It was baseless slander! Besides, I denied it," Danitz replied eagerly, emphasizing that he had never admitted anything.

Klein nodded gently. "I will clarify this with your captain."

Clarify... Danitz stared at him, mouth half-open and expression contorted.

He was knowledgeable enough to recognize the trap in that word. He stopped trying to explain or argue and forced a smile.

"Is there anything I can do for you?"

Klein took a deep breath and used his Clown powers to control his facial expression.

"Monitor it well."

"Yes, alright!" Danitz quickly agreed.

Seeing Gehrman Sparrow turn around and walk to the bedroom's entrance, he couldn't help but ask, "You're not going to clarify this with Captain, right?"

Klein twisted the handle and replied expressionlessly, "Monitor it well."

With that, he pushed open the door and entered the room, closing it behind him before his mouth could split into a grin.

The next morning, after breakfast, Klein put on a pair of pantaloons, a thick brown jacket, and a cap. He changed his appearance and went out, leaving Danitz alone in the room to watch the radio transceiver.

Along the way, Klein changed his appearance again, making himself look more like a native.

He found a specialty store and bought a pair of linen gloves, a shroud, and a body bag. Then, guided by the surroundings he had previously witnessed, he searched for familiar landmarks until he found the bridge and the girl who had died in a muddy corner beneath it.

Since it was still winter, the weather wasn't warm enough for the corpse to show obvious signs of decay, but the festering skin and stench still made Klein instinctively nauseous.

He hadn't come at once the previous night to bury the girl who had wanted to live like a human being. Bayam was under a strict nighttime curfew, and the cemetery did not open until dawn.

Taking out a small metal bottle, Klein poured some Quelaag Oil onto his hand and rubbed it beneath his nose.

A choking sensation assailed him. The scent of peppermint mixed with disinfectant filled his nose, jolting him awake as though he had fallen into a sea of floating ice. He could no longer smell anything else.

Putting away the metal bottle, Klein put on his gloves, took a few steps forward, and crouched next to the female corpse.

He unwrapped the shroud and began to gently move the corpse into the body bag.

Carrying the bag over one shoulder, he deliberately walked through Bayam's busiest streets until he reached the outskirts. He followed a narrow road impassable to carriages and climbed halfway up the mountain.

There stood a cemetery established specifically for the natives by the Church of Storms and the governor-general's office.

Foreign businessmen and adventurers, as well as settlers from Loen, Intis, and Feynapotter, had their cemeteries on the opposite side of Bayam, upon a level, tranquil plain backed by forests.

Klein climbed higher and higher and entered the unnamed cemetery, where he found the gravekeeper dozing off.

"How do you want to bury him?" The gravekeeper pointed at the body bag. "If you want to do it for free, you have to wait a few days until the corpses in the morgue accumulate to a certain amount, then they'll be cremated together and buried in the same grave. Of course, there will be priests who will do a send-off for the souls of the dead in advance. 5 soli and he will have an urn and a niche he can call his own. 2 pounds, he'll get an urn and a grave with a tombstone. If you don't want him cremated, you'll need a coffin. You can pick one over there. They're priced differently based on the type of wood."

Klein thought for a moment, then he took out 5 soli in notes and handed them over.

"What's his name?" the gravekeeper counted the notes, picked up a fountain pen, and asked cordially.

He didn't actually know how to write; he merely wanted to draw symbols to help him remember.

Klein paused for a second and said, "Bourdi."

"Bourdi..." the gravekeeper repeated it in a low voice and drew a symbol.

Without looking up, he continued, "She can have an epitaph on the niche."

Bourdi was a typical female name in the Rorsted Archipelago; therefore, the gravekeeper no longer mistook her gender.

Klein remained silent for a few seconds, then he said in a low voice, "She is a human being."

"She is a human being? What a strange epitaph..." the gravekeeper muttered, "Do you have a picture? I know you don't."

Before he could finish speaking, he saw the other party hand over a "photo."

It was a portrait Klein had drawn using a ritual, perfectly reproducing the girl's appearance before she fell ill. To avoid arousing suspicion, he had used the appropriate type of paper and certain techniques to make the portrait resemble a real photograph.

The gravekeeper was surprised but said nothing. He quickly took the information and, together with Klein, carried the body bag to the hut where the priests resided.

After the send-off and cremation, the ashes were placed in an urn, the photograph was affixed, and the epitaph was engraved, bringing the entire matter to an end. Klein took one last, lingering look before turning to leave the cemetery.

As he walked down the mountain path, he saw Bayam in its entirety.

The sea was pale blue, almost green, and stretched empty to the horizon. Sails crowded the harbor beneath towering chimneys. Streets crisscrossed amid the ceaseless flow of people. Estates clustered thickly among abundant greenery, while broad highways and straight railways extended into the distance... It resembled a magnificent oil painting by a master, brimming with indescribable vitality.

Atop the clock tower of the Cathedral of Waves, Jahn Kottman, a cardinal of the Church of Storms and high-ranking deacon of the Mandated Punishers, stood at the edge and looked out over the refreshing sea and the mountain range stretching along the coast.

Pollution in Bayam was relatively low because the island's mining and smelting industries were located in other cities. The city's mainstays were the spice trade, brothels and casinos, and the storage and transit of goods. It lacked a fully developed industrial sector, and there were few days cold enough to require coal for heating.

As soon as Sea King Jahn Kottman retracted his gaze, he saw a Mandated Punisher running up the spiral staircase.

"Your Eminence, there's new information." The Mandated Punisher struck the left side of his chest with his right hand.

"What is it?" the well-built Jahn Kottman asked as he turned around.

The Mandated Punisher handed over the piece of paper in his hand.

"News from within the Resistance. They've received a response from Kalvetua. They're in the process of creating new statues."

"New statues?" Jahn Kottman unfolded the note and skimmed through it.

He then turned his head to the interior of Blue Mountain Island, which was covered in a sea of dense forests. After a moment of thought, he said, "Search for abnormalities in the archipelago's sea area."

The intelligence left him certain of one thing: the mysterious person who had taken the characteristic left behind by Kalvetua hadn't departed the waters of the Rorsted Archipelago. This was evident from the person's ability to impersonate Kalvetua and respond to its followers.

Meanwhile, Jahn Kottman knew very well that the Beyonder characteristic left behind by Kalvetua, who had gone mad before its death, would lead to severe side effects regardless of whether or not it was turned into an actual item; therefore, it would definitely result in an abnormality in the surrounding area.

Moreover, he believed that it wouldn't be easy for the mysterious person to find a proper sealing method.

Even if he had found one, he couldn't possibly control the effects while responding to prayers and would inevitably expose the anomaly.

This was the clue!

"Yes, Your Eminence, May the Storm be with you!" The Mandated Punisher bowed again.

After entering Bayam City, Klein dispelled his Faceless power when no one was paying attention. He returned to the Wind of Azure Inn via carriage.

As soon as he opened the door and entered, he saw Danitz sitting in front of the radio transceiver, his expression strange and grave.

"Got something?" Klein asked in a low voice.

"No, no." Danitz raised his right palm and shook the papers in his hand. "My bounty! My bounty has been raised to 5,500 pounds..."

This was almost reaching Steel Maveti's bounty!

Because of this, he didn't dare head out to drink or relax; all he could do was stay in the room and listen out for a signal.

This rate of appreciation is really tempting... For a moment, Klein didn't know how to react, so he said expressionlessly, "This is just the beginning.

"Mr. 10,000 Pounds."

...Dogshit! Danitz mockingly thought, but he didn't dare to show any disrespect on his face.

All of those things were done by Gehrman Sparrow. Why did it end up increasing my bounty? Those sons of bitches from the Church of Storms! He forced a smile and shook his head, his facial muscles twitching slightly.

Klein held back his laughter and ignored him. He went back to his bedroom to catch up on his sleep.

At this moment, he saw a letter suddenly appear, floating down from midair and landing right in front of him.

Klein raised his right hand and grabbed the letter.

The messenger didn't even show its face and just left after throwing the letter? Klein clicked his tongue, opened the letter, and read it.

"...There are two methods of obtaining a messenger. The first is to devise an accurate description, hold a ritual, summon the corresponding spirit world creature, and contract with it. The second is to enter the spirit world directly and search for a suitable messenger. After obtaining its consent, sign a contract with it and record the precise descriptive phrase for later use.

"The first method is relatively simple, but it is also rather dangerous, because what fits the description might be a powerful spirit world creature or a strange evil spirit. Every time you summon it, you cannot be completely sure what you will attract, and this is a risk that is hard to divine in advance.

"The danger of the second method is that it isn't easy to find the appropriate messenger, and there's a risk of getting lost in the spirit world.

"Unless you're a Traveler, I don't recommend the second method. For the first, I can provide a tested and verified description. As long as you follow the procedure precisely, the danger will be relatively slight, though the result might not satisfy you. The contract also requires power from the domain of the undead. You can use my copper whistle to supply it.

"The format includes the following paragraphs...

"Of course, if you don't mind, I can transfer a messenger to you as a gift and have it sign a contract with you..."

Transfer it to me as a gift? It's no wonder that the messenger didn't even dare show its face... Klein realized.

Considering that he had used the previous messenger as a shield and was unfortunately finished off by Mr. A, causing the later messengers to become increasingly rude to him, he inwardly declined the offer.

Use the first or second method? The first method is prone to error. I might even summon a candidate messenger and get beaten up... A commonly used description isn't unique enough, making the messenger's strength worrying... The second method? I'm not afraid of getting lost since I'm able to instantly return above the gray fog. Furthermore, in my Spirit Body state, I can use the Sea God Scepter. The spirit world creatures aren't afraid of having their blood drained either. Yes, I have to do it outside the archipelago; otherwise, I'll be affected by the prayers. Klein quickly came to a decision.

Chapter 559: An Encounter Along the Way

With that idea in mind, Klein immediately began making preparations.

His goal was to explore the spirit world and select a suitable candidate to become his messenger. After leaving the Rorsted Archipelago and its surrounding waters, he could bring the Sea God Scepter along to reason with the candidate and convince them to accept the role.

If I find myself lost or in danger, I'll immediately halt the summoning and return above the gray fog. There's basically no risk... Klein thought for a few seconds, then locked the door and began the ritual to summon himself.

At the end of the ritual, he quickly arrived above the gray fog, but he was in no hurry to respond to himself. Instead, he sat down and let the Sea God Scepter fly out from the junk pile and land on his palm.

He intended to scan the prayers of the believers as per routine for anything to respond to.

During this process, Klein discovered that some of the prayers were actually quite interesting. Humans could deceive friends and relatives, but they found it difficult to conceal their truest thoughts when confessing or praying to the gods. At most, they would alter the truth to make themselves look less culpable.

A mixed-blood who had clearly converted to the Lord of Storms had already reached the middle ranks of the Bayam police department, but in his confession, he tried hard to portray his behavior as enduring humiliation for the sake of a mission. For the brighter future of his kinsmen, he could only confess miserably to God, hoping that "He" would protect him and allow him to rise through the police ranks as a believer of the Lord of Storms.

Although his words sounded flawless, the fluctuations in his thoughts and emotions during his confession were clearly displayed in the prayer scene. It was something that couldn't be hidden.

Trying to deceive God while deceiving yourself... A gigantic sea serpent lacking intelligence, like Kalvetua, might've believed you... Should I give him a lightning bolt or ten wind blades? Yes, it's quite impressive for a mixed-blood to rise to the rank of senior inspector. I'll keep him. There are benefits to having a snitch... Klein raised the Sea God Scepter, making one of its blue gems glow.

The light poured into the scene and imperceptibly seeped into the senior inspector named Boulaya.

This wasn't a curse, nor was it a cue. It was a mark of divinity that almost no one could discover.

Simply put, it's a unilateral way for me to "keep tabs" on you... Klein silently added inwardly.

He continued browsing and saw a young believer with slightly curly bronze hair praying for a man named Zangmo to be caught in a storm and buried at sea. He claimed that Zangmo wasn't pious enough, but the truth was that, as a competing fisherman, Zangmo was always able to harvest more fish than he did.

What kind of nonsense prayers are these? The human heart sure is hard to fathom... Klein frowned and mumbled to himself. Then he had a vague idea.

For a Faceless to truly act, they require not only a flawless performance in outward appearance and habitual actions but also the preservation of the core personality. Too many changes aren't allowed. As for personality, every person is different, so there must be some degree of variation...

Browsing my believers' prayers lets me understand different personalities and mental states without going to all that trouble. The many masks we wear aren't merely about appearances...

This will be rather important for my subsequent acting as a Faceless. It can save me time from figuring things out through accumulated experiences.

Klein increasingly felt that acting as the Sea God was highly beneficial to him.

When acting as a demigod, even without any feedback, one will still gain considerable benefits... This is a way to experience being someone at a higher level... Klein perked up and stopped skimming through the prayer scenes perfunctorily.

After quickly browsing through one scene after another, his gaze stopped at a merchant named Ralph.

The businessman praised the miracle of the reappearance of the Sea God, and he indicated that he planned to offer a third of his fortune--worth 20,000 pounds--to the Resistance, half for military expenses, and half for the reconstruction of God's statue.

Actually, there's no need to go through all that trouble. Just directly offer it to me... Klein muttered half-jokingly.

He thought for a moment, and then he conjured a background of waves and storms with heavy rain and lightning falling together. He responded in a low voice, "You have honored my name by helping your compatriots and companions.

"The young lambs need help, food, and education."

He intended to have Ralph establish a charitable fund with the 20,000 pounds and solicit donations widely from the community to repair the damage, build a consensus, and provide local children with food, clothing, and education under the pretext of governance.

As for the military expenditures of the Resistance, Klein understood that in a world with Beyonder powers, it was very difficult to rely solely on the opposition from the natives of the colony to succeed. Therefore, they needed the help of foreign countries like Feysac and Intis.

Funding was undoubtedly needed.

Unfortunately, I can't add a line to the Ten Commandments about "seeking funding boldly and confidently"; that would damage the Sea God's image... The Resistance shouldn't think about annihilating the garrison. They should focus on destroying transportation infrastructure and making it harder for the governor-general's office to govern, thereby forcing it into negotiations... As a keyboard warrior, Klein had no shortage of ideas in such matters.

He quickly restrained his wandering thoughts and made a divination to see if it was dangerous exploring the spirit world today.

After receiving a revelation that there was no significant danger, Klein took the Black Emperor card, naturally changed his appearance, and stepped through the Door of Summoning.

After entering the real world, he stuffed the mystical items he needed into his body as a precaution. Then, like last time, he used Cogitation to sense the spirit world.

Taking a step forward, he passed through an invisible curtain as Klein's illusory figure floated up.

Around him, red, yellow, blue, green, and other colors overlapped like an impossibly abstract oil painting. The human concept of direction no longer applied here. Anyone who tried to determine their direction and location by conventional means would undoubtedly become lost.

Klein roamed carefully and casually, sometimes seeing a yellow sun like a child's sketch, sometimes brushing past an incorporeal river that flowed quietly.

There was also a paper-thin woman with a naked upper body and a face resembling a smiling moon, a canoe with its end upturned, a tangled ball of thread, and a serpentine staircase leading to the seven pure lights.

In this extremely chaotic world, other than spirit world creatures, all kinds of information existed as abstract symbols. Thus, what one received from a divination process would only be a revelation that required one to interpret it on their own.

As for those symbols, there was a chance that they would come to life and become incorporeal monsters.

This was the spirit world that couldn't be understood and viewed with common human knowledge.

The last time he came in, he had easily discovered spirit world creatures, and he had noticed the creepy gazes from unknown locations that made his hair stand on end. There was the headless woman who carried four heads, a round eye with clear blacks and whites, and a giant jellyfish with a skull attached to each tentacle. He had easily encountered all of them back then.

But this time, he failed to see a single spirit world creature despite roaming for so long. Even the indescribable figures in the distance had disappeared, as if they had hidden themselves.

It can't be that you're afraid of becoming my messenger, can it? Yes, I entered the spirit world in the form of a Soul Body. Perhaps my thoughts manifest here in a special, formless manner, turning into symbols of concealment that interact with the spirit world. Could this naturally affect the paths available to me? Klein was puzzled, but he couldn't determine the reason.

All sorts of thoughts flashed through his mind when his body suddenly sank down and he fell freely.

After a while, Klein could only see the vivid superposition of the colors and the various symbols that took physical form.

What's going on? He began considering whether to write to Mr. Azik and ask him about it or place the radio transceiver above the gray fog to taint it with the aura, allowing him to contact the magic mirror Arrodes.

While floating, Klein's heart suddenly palpitated as he quickly dodged to the side.

A tinge of yellow and green flashed before his eyes as a giant foot, large enough to crush his entire body, came down amid the interlaced patches of red and blue.

Above the sole of the foot was a long, festering leg covered in a yellowish green liquid. The leg was over three meters long, and above it was a huge body that was wrapped in corpse oil bandages.

Amidst the solidified aura in the area, the two legs that were filled with yellow-green pus alternated as they rose up. Carrying a body that was difficult to discern, the legs quickly disappeared into the depths of the spirit world.

Klein stood at a distance, not daring to make a sound.

After finally confirming that he was unharmed, he grimaced and thought, The spirit world is truly terrifying. One can stumble upon a passing powerhouse by accident... A powerhouse among spirit world creatures?

Klein shook his head and continued his search.

At that moment, he had no idea where in the spirit world he had wandered to.

After drifting for a while, he finally found some traces of spirit world creatures.

Just as he was about to stop flying forward and descend to his left, he was surprised to find his body continuing forward uncontrollably at an accelerating pace.

In front of him, the chaotic superimposed colors and the grayish-white mist that filled the area suddenly split open, and a large, purely black three-masted sailboat leaped in.

The ship was nearly a hundred meters long, with three pitch-black sails hanging high like flags.

Cannon muzzles lined both sides of the ship, while sailors of every sort hurried about the deck.

All of it appeared so real, so substantial, and so utterly out of place in the spirit world.

However, as the ship entered the spirit world, its black color quickly deepened, taking on an ethereal quality.

On its deck stood a mottled stone chair two or three meters tall, its back facing the cabin. A colossal figure comparable to an ancient giant sat leaning against it.

His black beard extended just past his neck, and a tall, pointed crown rested upon his head. He wore a magnificent black robe fringed with silver. The hardened lines of his face possessed a natural majesty that made others instinctively wish to bow their heads.

Beneath a slightly furrowed brow and above a high-bridged nose, two dark red eyes reflected Klein's pitch-black full-body armor and black crown.

As for Klein, he was having trouble stopping his slow flight toward the giant.

Their gazes met among the layers of colors and symbols in the spirit world, and then Klein disappeared.

The giant on the mottled stone chair didn't withdraw his gaze as he continued staring over in a long silence.

Chapter 560: The Hanged Man Gets Fleeced

Above the gray fog, Klein took out the Black Emperor card fused with his Spirit Body and instantly reverted to his original form.

This is called a one-click gear swap... he mocked himself as he recalled what had just happened.

He was almost certain that the "giant" wearing the sharp crown was King of the Five Seas, Nast Solomon. The hundred-meter-long sailboat that could sail through the spirit world was the ghost ship named Black Emperor, which was built by the ancient Solomon Empire!

I've always thought that a ghost ship simply meant a ship that could sail on its own and wouldn't sink, making it akin to a strange creature. I never imagined that the most powerful ghost ship could turn incorporeal and travel through the spirit world...

That makes it almost a demigod, right? As expected of the Black Emperor, the most famous ship on the Five Seas. Yes... I can't rule out the possibility that a Traveler was sacrificed during its creation...

Could the Specter Empire, one of the most famous legendary treasures and bearer of the Trunsoest Empire's final legacy, possess the same ability, making it impossible to find?

Klein's thoughts slowly wandered, and he didn't immediately realize why he had suddenly encountered the King of the Five Seas, Nast.

The reason was obvious: the law of Beyonder characteristic convergence!

Although the Black Emperor card contained no Beyonder characteristics, Roselle had added or inscribed something upon it when he created it. Once the wielder advanced to a High Sequence, the Card of Blasphemy would allow them to faintly sense the Beyonder ingredients they needed.

There was no doubt that such perception was mutual. As one sensed the other, the other would naturally sense them in turn. Before the wielder took the step into demigodhood, this mutual attraction would manifest as a tendency for their fates to converge.

Klein was deeply aware of this. He had long suspected that the gray fog's existence had caused certain Beyonders and supernatural events to converge around him.

Traveling with the Black Emperor card in the spirit world makes it easier for such situations to occur. This is because the real world needs to abide by many rules. Even the fate from drawing lots needs to abide by logic, developing bit by bit. It doesn't make sense for me to use the Black Emperor card in Backlund, and for the King of the Five Seas, Nast, to immediately appear in front of me with the ghost ship...

Even if he sensed the attraction, he would still have to locate me and travel through the spirit world, taking hours or even days to arrive. If he didn't sense it, he would merely feel a natural inclination to sail toward the Sonia Sea and approach the Loen Kingdom's borders. In that case, it might take months for us to cross paths.

In the spirit world, things are simpler; there is no concept of distance or direction there. Locations and distances are utterly chaotic. Perhaps the King of the Five Seas, Nast, merely wished to take a trip through the spirit world, only to see me pass by the moment he entered. Such an encounter needn't obey any geographical restrictions or limitations, Klein thought as he rapped the corner of the mottled table.

Furthermore, he was certain that the force hurling him uncontrollably toward the Black Emperor and the King of the Five Seas, Nast, wasn't the law of Beyonder characteristic convergence. The law's effects manifested only through fate, perception, and desire, never anything so exaggerated; otherwise, no High-Sequence Beyonders would exist--all of them would be involuntarily drawn to the "Uniqueness" of their respective pathways.

Klein could sense that it was a type of Beyonder power that twisted and strengthened his intent to move forward, resulting in him being unable to stop.

The analysis is simple. Even if I had thrown away the Black Emperor card at the time, I still wouldn't have been able to stop... Is this a Lawyer's Beyonder power from the Black Emperor pathway? Klein leaned back in his chair and decided not to use the Black Emperor card anytime soon.

This meant that he was unable to roam the spirit world in search of a messenger.

If he entered with his main body and the Sea God Scepter instead of bringing the Black Emperor card, he would appear directly in the spirit world, which was filled with all kinds of revelations and information. He would inevitably leave numerous clues and could be divined at any time. In terms of anti-divination and anti-prophecy, Azik's copper whistle couldn't compare with the Black Emperor card.

If I really did that, I might encounter ten people who knew I'd obtained the Sea God Scepter while buying a beer at the bar... Of course, Klein Moretti took it, so what does that have to do with me, Gehrman Sparrow? Klein shook his head self-deprecatingly and decided to use the ritual method to summon a messenger. He could find something more suitable later.

After concealing the Black Emperor card, his figure disappeared from the mysterious space above the gray fog.

Early morning, Bayam.

Alger prepared to take a carriage out of the city and take a detour to a private harbor behind the cliff. That was where his Blue Avenger was docked and waiting to set sail.

As a pirate captain operating under a disguise, he couldn't dock openly at the City of Generosity's main port. That alone would prove he had close ties to the authorities. Other pirates likewise had to arrange their berths in advance before coming to Bayam to sell their loot or indulge themselves. They either used a small port in the surrounding waters or a private harbor controlled by someone with powerful connections or by the Resistance.

Finally, no more missions. I can go out to sea again... First, I need to obtain a mystical item that can increase my strength and settle my accounts. After that, I'll head to the primitive island and hunt a Blue Shadow Falcon, allowing me to advance to Sequence 6 as quickly as possible... Alger was about to walk toward a rental carriage when he unexpectedly spotted a familiar figure.

The former pirate turned merchant, Ralph, stepped out of the carriage with a ruddy face and looked toward the nearby governor-general's office. He seemed unusually excited.

What happened to him? After a moment of puzzlement, Alger took the initiative to go over and greet him.

From his point of view, Ralph was, in a sense, also one of his comrades. They were all subordinates of Mr. Fool.

However, one is a core member, while the other remains on the periphery... Alger calmly reaffirmed their respective identities and positions.

"What happened to make you so happy?" Alger asked after exchanging pleasantries about the weather.

Ralph laughed out loud and narrowed his eyes, saying, "If I were to say that I received the blessings of God, would you believe me?"

I believe... Alger answered in his mind without hesitation.

Suppressing his curiosity, he asked, "What are you doing here?"

Ralph was about to answer when his eyes suddenly lit up.

He looked around, and after confirming that there was no one around him, he said in a deep voice, "Didn't you say that you also believe in God?"

To befriend him, Alger had lied that he believed in the Sea God Kalvetua. In any case, this was common among pirates and wouldn't arouse suspicion--at sea, the weather was usually more frightening than any enemy, so most pirates, adventurers, crewmembers, and sailors greatly respected gods who wielded authority over related domains and believed in them to some extent.

"Of course." This time, Alger's answer was firmer than ever.

This was because he knew that the "Sea God" that the other party believed in was the embodiment of Mr. Fool.

Ralph nodded in satisfaction, smiled, and whispered, "I received a revelation yesterday. God sent me to help 'His' young lambs.

"I intend to establish a charitable fund for this purpose.

"This is the will of God. As 'His' believer, I think you would be happy to provide some assistance."

He held out his right hand and waited for the donation.

Alger's expression stiffened, and he was momentarily unsure of how to respond.

Although his present fortune amounted to 3,245 pounds, he was preparing to buy a mystical item, leaving his overall financial situation somewhat tight.

Of course, he could still donate quite a bit if he skimped and saved.

If the "Sea God" was still Kalvetua, Alger, who claimed to be a believer, wouldn't have hesitated to find an excuse. But now, he had to seriously consider the deeper motives of Mr. Fool.

Noticing Alger's reaction, Ralph's eyes darted shrewdly before he said, "We want to help children who suffer needless discrimination because of their bloodline. Their lives are difficult, and they have little hope for the future. They include pure-blooded natives as well as mixed-bloods."

Alger was silent for a few seconds, then he pulled out a wad of cash.

"Here's 100 pounds."

Ralph took it and said with a smile, "Your kindness will definitely be rewarded.

"God will protect you."

The door hung crookedly across the warehouse entrance.

Klein prepared the summoning ritual for the spirit world creature and was surrounded by the hallucinatory scent of herbs and essential oils.

He feared an accident might occur if he held it at the inn. Although it might pose little risk to him, it could harm the other occupants, so he returned to the abandoned warehouse where he had made an offering to Kalvetua.

As for Danitz, whose bounty had risen to 5,500 pounds, he eagerly volunteered to remain in the suite and monitor the radio transceiver.

The procedure is to light the candle that symbolizes me and use a verified incantation to summon an appropriate spirit world creature as a messenger... Daly Simone's three-line description and the various incantations provided by Mr. Azik ran through Klein's mind.

When summoning a spirit world creature, the first sentence needed descriptions such as "wanders about the void" and "roaming in the upper realm." Only by doing so could it accurately point to the spirit world. The suffix would clearly indicate that the Spirit Body was being summoned and that it was a creature that had a corporeal body. The second and third lines were an accurate description of the creature, but due to the restrictions of the format, one couldn't use too many words to pinpoint a creature. Therefore, it was difficult to predict or divine what would ultimately be summoned by the ritualist.

In this sort of situation, using an incantation previously used by others implied a much lower risk.

Then, after signing a contract, the third line could use a description such as "the messenger belonging to so-and-so" or "the Contract Companion of so-and-so," allowing the three-line description to summon the corresponding messenger accurately.

Yes, my messenger has to run very fast; otherwise, it might be killed by some malicious creature in the spirit world, resulting in the loss of important letters... Klein's mind raced, and he came up with a clear plan.

He took a step back and said in ancient Hermes, "I!

"I summon in my name:

"The spirit that wanders about the void, the friendly creature that can be subordinated, the creature whose speed surpasses imagination."

Whoosh!

A gust of wind sounded, turning the candle flames dark green as an eerie chill enveloped the surroundings.

Klein saw a blurry figure rush out, too fast for him to see anything.

After that, he could no longer find the fellow.

Chapter 561: "Recruitment Fair"

That's way too fast... Did it already circle the planet several times... Or maybe it's still there, but it's too fast for my vision to keep up... Klein's mouth twitched, deciding to wait a few seconds to see if the "creature whose speed surpasses imagination" would appear again.

He wasn't worried that the summoned spirit world creature would harm the innocent, as one of the descriptions was of a friendly creature. Besides, as long as he forcefully ended the summoning and stopped the ritual, the creature would be immediately sent back to the spirit world, no matter where the "creature whose speed surpasses imagination" went.

A few seconds later, after receiving no response, Klein inhaled. He said in ancient Hermes, "I!

"I end this summoning in my name!"

The chilling air around him instantly vanished as the swirling cold wind died down and the candle flames returned to their normal color.

Klein stepped forward and extinguished the candle, intending to revise the last sentence and try again.

As for the two phrases "the spirit that wanders about the void, the friendly creature that can be subordinated," he had no intention of changing them. The first sentence was directed at the spirit world, and it could only be replaced with synonyms, so it didn't matter if he changed it or not. The second sentence was a prerequisite for Klein to ensure his own safety; otherwise, it would've been a horror story instead of a hilarious one.

Hmm... I don't need to use "surpasses imagination" as an adjective. But others might not meet my needs. Perhaps... I can change my train of thought. A messenger doesn't have to run that fast. A normal speed is fine. There are other ways to keep it safe. I just need to get malicious beings to ignore and overlook it... I'll try a spirit world creature that's easily neglected... After two or three minutes of deliberation, Klein performed the ritual again.

When he was done with the preparations, he chanted a new incantation, "I!

"I summon in my name:

"The spirit that wanders about the void, the friendly creature that can be subordinated, the being who is easily neglected."

The interior of the warehouse became abnormally quiet. There was no wind, nor did it turn cold within the wall of spirituality. Even the color of the candle remained unchanged.

Klein waited, watching, hoping for a good messenger.

After about ten seconds, he sighed and looked around.

Nothing. The description had failed this time.

He didn't wait any longer and followed the procedure of ending the summoning and extinguishing the candle.

To his puzzlement, the candle flame even shook a few times at the end.

Did I miss something... Klein frowned, and then he relaxed, putting the matter out of his mind.

He reconsidered the question of how to modify the description and continued targeting the third sentence.

I'll switch to another train of thought. If a messenger is highly resilient and capable of surviving a fight, it's still okay. No matter what, a messenger that can deliver the letter to the target is a good messenger... Klein pondered for a moment, then he held the summoning ritual for the third time.

Amidst the fragrance of herbs and essential oils, and in the dim candlelight, the shadows on his face darted about as his mouth gaped open and closed.

"I!

"I summon in my name:

"The spirit that wanders about the void, the friendly creature that can be subordinated, an extraordinary creature who has extremely high survivability."

The flame of the candle flared and stretched, illuminating the bright red interior of the altar.

In Klein's Spirit Vision, white bones drilled out from the ground, overlapping to form what looked like a safe.

I've finally summoned something I can see. Furthermore, it's a creature with extremely high survivability... It looks very much like a safe. Just one look is enough to tell that it's good at taking a beating... Klein breathed a sigh of relief and spoke in the ancient Hermes, "Are you willing to be my messenger?"

The skeletal creature that looked like a safe quickly indicated its willingness.

Then it wriggled the bones beneath it and crawled toward Klein slowly, very slowly.

It took ten seconds to crawl a centimeter... This is way too slow... Klein's smile froze on his face.

Although messengers completed their mission by traveling through the spirit world, that didn't mean that they didn't need speed.

Within the spirit world, distance and orientation were chaotic. The most important thing was to find and lock onto a location.

As long as accurate, clear, and immediate coordinates were provided, such as through the summoning ritual just now or a simplified ritual that involved blowing a whistle, then no matter where the messenger was in the spirit world, it would immediately appear within the altar.

When the location wasn't that immediate and only had a contractual connection or a previous anchor point, the messenger needed to spend time identifying the location, roaming the spirit world, and searching for the target. This required a certain amount of speed.

If it were to deliver the letter, the recipient might not even receive it before they died... Klein thought helplessly as he looked at the slowly crawling skeletal creature.

He forced a smile back onto his face.

"After some careful consideration, I think it's best I don't trouble you.

"Thank you for your willingness."

The creature made of illusory white bones stopped. It looked as though it hadn't moved at all.

Klein quickly canceled the summoning and rubbed his forehead.

He was a little depressed and sank into despair. He decided to use a less troublesome method to find a messenger: "public recruitment and interviews!"

After taking a deep breath, Klein calmed his mind and began the ritual seriously.

Looking at the candle flame that was quietly burning, he took a step back and said, "I!

"I summon in my name:

"The spirit that wanders about the void, the friendly creature that can be subordinated, a unique being that is willing to be my messenger."

Whoosh!

The wind blew fiercely inside the wall of spirituality, and Klein's half top hat almost flew off his head.

The candle flame shook and expanded to the size of a human head. It was so pale that it seemed devoid of warmth.

A translucent head slowly emerged, as if it had just broken through a thin membrane. Its hair was smooth and light golden. Its eyes were blood-red, and it had an imposing appearance.

Looks a little familiar... Klein muttered inwardly.

The head had fully emerged, but what followed wasn't its neck, but an illusory hand holding the ends of its hair.

The hand bore intricate patterns, and its cuff was dark.

The summoned spirit world creature emerged faster and faster, and soon, it stood before Klein in full.

It was indeed a familiar "person." It was the headless woman that Klein had met standing at the top of a castle while he was on his way to Kalvetua's ruins on the seabed.

She was no longer as enormous as the castle had made her appear. She was now a tall, "ordinary" woman.

Of course, her neck still ended in a clean cut, and she still held four identical heads in her hands.

"Did..." "You..." "Summon..." "Me?" The headless woman in the complicated black dress stood there quietly. Her four drooping heads spoke one after the other in ancient Feysac.

She can directly communicate through words... The level of this spirit world creature isn't low... I remember you having a castle... You're already a property owner, so why are you "applying" for the job of a messenger? Klein marveled and quipped inwardly. Then, he looked down at the candle behind the headless woman. He was disappointed to find that no other spirit had emerged.

He had originally imagined that many spirit world creatures would be willing to be his messenger, swarming over and lining up for interviews. In the end, only one had responded.

The problem should lie with the summoning ritual itself. It was relatively simple and basic, so it was impossible to summon multiple targets at once... Klein looked at the headless lady and solemnly nodded.

"Yes."

Without waiting for the other party to speak, he added another question.

"Can you roam the spirit world at a relatively fast speed? How good is your survivability?"

The heads held aloft by the headless lady answered, "Yes." "Not..." "Bad."

As she spoke, she floated upward and then quickly descended, displaying her speed.

Phew... Klein decided to stop making attempts with unpredictable results. He asked seriously, "Are you willing to sign a contract and become my messenger?"

The headless woman's dress fluttered slightly, and her four heads with blonde hair and red eyes nodded at the same time.

"Yes." "Every time..." "One..." "Gold coin."

Ah? One gold coin for every letter delivered? Mr. Azik didn't mention that spirit world creatures had such interests... Right, he mentioned that when signing a contract, persuasion and communication were key. Does this mean that this is a form of persuasion and communication? Klein was surprised and wanted to cancel the summoning immediately.

Wait a minute, I might not need to be the one paying for it... Whoever summons the messenger pays for it... Heh, maybe when our communication improves, there might even be an option of paying on receipt... After some thought, Klein agreed to the other party's request.

"Okay.

"Let's sign the contract."

He picked up a dark red, round fountain pen and yellowish-brown goatskin parchment that he had prepared earlier, and he quickly wrote down the contract in the language that could stir the forces of nature, ancient Hermes.

Azik had described the format and terms in detail in his letter. They were concise and to the point, and they contained clauses forbidding the messenger from reading or discarding the letter or endangering the life of the contractor. Of course, if the contents of the letter were related to the messenger, the messenger had to be informed in advance.

In addition to these, Klein added a clause requiring one gold coin for each letter, specifying that it could be paid by either the contractor or the recipient.

To ensure the effectiveness of the contract, the final part used the honorific name of the deity in charge of this domain.

It was an undead contract, and normally it meant using Death's honorific name, but Death had long since perished with no response from "Him." Hence, Azik mentioned that it could be replaced by using the description of a high-level existence in the undead domain or the Underworld itself, but the binding force wasn't that strong.

Without a doubt, Klein chose the Underworld, which was closely connected to that mighty figure.

"The home of all death, the hell hidden deep within the spirit world, the witness of the decay of all living things, one that solely belongs to the kingdom of Death."

After penning these four sentences, the yellowish-brown goatskin parchment began to burn with a green flame, illuminating the gloomy surroundings.

After finishing the text, Klein took out Azik's copper whistle, placed it on the goatskin, and wrote his current name: "Gehrman Sparrow."

This didn't require a real name, because his aura would enter the contract. The name was only used for summoning, which was to say, using "the messenger that belongs to Gehrman Sparrow" would work, but "the Contracted Creature of Klein Moretti" wouldn't.

When Klein finished signing, the goatskin floated up, carrying Azik's copper whistle and the dark red fountain pen, and flew to the headless lady.

The headless lady raised one golden-haired, red-eyed head, had it bite down on the fountain pen, and used it to write her name: "Reinette Tinekerr."

The green flames quickly gathered together, wrapping around Azik's copper whistle and the yellowish-brown goatskin parchment.

A few seconds later, the goatskin was reduced to ash, and the copper whistle fell into the palm of Klein's hand.

The headless woman, Reinette, collectively blinked with the eyes of her four heads, and her body rapidly faded away into the pale candle flame.

Once the contract was established, Klein no longer needed to formally end the summoning ritual. He could dismiss Reinette with a thought.

Phew, I finally have a messenger. "The spirit that wanders about the void, the friendly creature that can be subordinated, the messenger that belongs to Gehrman Sparrow"... Well, when there's an opportunity, I'll get an Artisan to create something like the copper whistle, so that I don't have to summon my messenger every time via a ritual... Klein cleaned up in a rather good mood.

Over the next few days, Bayam gradually returned to normal, but Danitz still hadn't been able to receive any telegrams from Admiral of Blood's pirate crew.

On Sunday morning, he flipped through the newspaper and suddenly lowered his voice as he said to Klein, "There's a Beyonder gathering tonight. Want to attend?"

Chapter 562: Helene

Beyonder gathering? Klein thought for a bit, then he nodded and responded, "Okay."

I should start collecting the supplementary ingredients of the Marionettist potion. I can also see if I might meet an Artisan... He subconsciously began making plans in his mind.

Upon seeing Gehrman Sparrow agree, Danitz quietly breathed a sigh of relief, unable to contain his joy.

For the past few days, having had his bounty raised significantly, he had obediently stayed in the suite to monitor the radio transceiver. He was so bored that he yearned for the evening to arrive immediately.

The Beyonder gathering that Danitz mentioned was at the Amyris Leaf Bar, where pirates, informants, and adventurers were active. It was the first choice if one wanted to gather information and buy supplies.

Dressed in a black coat and silk top hat, Klein followed Danitz through the bar's crowded lobby and into a card room. Under the watchful gaze of several bouncers, he gave the predetermined signal and descended a flight of hidden stairs to a wide underground area.

It's like the Evil Dragon Bar in Tingen City. There's an underground market for herbs, essential oils, ancient books, charms, and all sorts of common mysticism materials. However, the difference is that there are also all sorts of guns and ammunition for sale. Klein even discovered antiquated muskets and lead bullets.

Heh, they also sell fake identity documents and fake seals... As expected of an overseas colony, their industry is much more developed than Tingen's... I'll buy a batch of ingredients later to make charms in the Sea God domain. There will always be some discounts if I purchase them in large quantities... Klein slightly turned his head from side to side to take in the situation in the underground area.

Next to him, Danitz, who was already doubtful about his own disguise skills, had deliberately put on a cap, keeping the front of his cap down to cover half his face. With great familiarity, he led Klein to the other end of the underground market and knocked on the closed door with two long knocks and four short knocks.

Behind the door, there was only a single candle. It swayed on the lampstand on the side wall, scattering yellow light onto the tiny room.

Danitz pointed to the long robes, masks, and other items that were hanging or placed on a table, and said to Klein, "It's up to you to decide whether you would don a disguise. You can also choose not to."

Klein looked around, his gaze sweeping past the bouncers in the room.

"I don't need one."

I am now an informant for the kingdom's military, and the Church of Storms also knows of my identity, so there's nothing for me to be afraid of... If the pirates and adventurers have any malicious thoughts about me because of my lack of a disguise, and if they attempt to attack me, hehe... Klein suddenly pictured bounty rewards flying toward him one by one.

Danitz curled his lips secretly, picked up a black iron mask, and wore it.

Then, he and Klein passed through a dim corridor and into another room under the guidance of a bouncer.

The place was lavishly decorated. The floor was covered with a thick carpet from the Southern Continent; the walls were decorated with shining lampstands, and the fresh smell of candles hung in the air beneath their glow.

Klein glanced around and, without Danitz's help, found a brown leather sofa and sat down on it. He leaned back and crossed his right leg.

There were already more than twenty people of various genders gathered here. Some were in hooded robes, while others showed their faces. According to Danitz's description in the morning, not everyone attending was a Beyonder; there were representatives for certain factions, as well as adventurers, pirates, and mysticism enthusiasts who wanted to become Beyonders.

Time passed slowly in the quiet room. About seven or eight minutes later, the old man who was sitting on a reclining chair straightened his back and crossed his hands. He chuckled.

"Everyone, let's begin."

His white hair had thinned with age, leaving only a thin layer. However, his light brown eyes weren't turbid, but were bright and sharp.

"The organizer of the gathering, Strongman Ozil, a famous pirate in the past, and now the secret boss of the Amyris Leaf Bar," Danitz leaned slightly and introduced the man to Klein in a lowered voice.

He'd actually mentioned it in the morning, but he was afraid that Gehrman Sparrow hadn't matched the name to the face and would later vent his anger on himself.

It's a sorrowful matter to have a secret grasped by others... Danitz sighed to himself.

Klein nodded almost imperceptibly as he silently watched the transactions unfold.

There were potion formulas for Warrior, Sailor, Mystery Pryer, and others, but no one bought them. The expectant sellers were disappointed again and again.

Danitz glanced at Gehrman Sparrow, who was expressionless, then leaned over and explained in a low voice, "There is no Notary at this gathering, nor any powerful Seer. The authenticity of the potion formula cannot be guaranteed. It's too easy to fake such things, and even if people recognize that the formula is fake, the seller cannot be punished because he might be a victim as well."

I know... This is one of the reasons why potion formulas fail to be widely circulated... Klein uncrossed his right leg, leaned forward slightly, and said in a voice that was neither loud nor low, "I need the remnant spirituality of an ancient wraith."

He didn't mention the eyes of a six-winged gargoyle, the spring water from Sonia Island's Golden Spring, or any other supplementary ingredients. He was worried that others would guess that he was a Faceless who was preparing to advance to Marionettist.

When he was in Tingen, Klein had relied on the purchase of supplementary ingredients to correctly suspect that Daxter Guderian was a prospective Spectator, and thereby deduced his identity as a member of the Psychology Alchemists.

It was impossible to deduce any more from the remnant spirituality of an ancient wraith alone, as many of the rituals in the undead domain used it.

Although Klein wasn't disguised, he still had to be careful.

The room was silent for two seconds. Then, a slightly hoarse voice sounded.

"How much do you need?"

Someone really has it? Klein controlled his expression and didn't let his joy show on his face.

He tilted his head to look at the speaker and saw that he was a man in his thirties who was clearly of native blood.

The man's skin was bronzed, but he had a dull luster from chronic malnutrition or a lack of light. His face was thin, his cheekbones protruded, and his eyes were sunken, more white than black.

"A small bottle." Klein pulled out a small metal bottle as an example.

The thin, dark man was silent for a moment before saying, "500 pounds."

That's reasonable... Klein originally wanted to haggle, but he glimpsed Danitz sitting beside him out of the corner of his eye.

I'm Gehrman Sparrow, a cold, crazy adventurer... Klein repeated this line three times inwardly, silently took a deep breath, and calmly nodded.

"Okay."

He took out the large stack of cash he had prepared, and he counted out a sum of 500 pounds.

The man with the eyes that were mostly white took out a glass test tube from his pocket, threw it at Klein, and said, "All the spirituality will be gone after a year."

He wasn't afraid that the other party would be unable to catch it, because even if it were to break, it wouldn't affect the material itself. It would only be a matter of changing the container.

Klein raised his right hand and accurately caught the glass tube. He saw many phosphorescent spots floating in the tube, and when they struck the glass wall, they would strangely expand, forming a face with blurred features that opened a mouth that screamed silently.

It's real... Klein nodded to himself and handed the thick stack of cash worth 500 pounds to an attendant, who carried it to the seller.

The trading continued, most of it failing with only a small number succeeding.

At the end of the gathering, its organizer, Strongman Ozil, laughed and said, "I have a request."

As he spoke, he pulled out a photo from his inside pocket.

"The reward for finding the person above is 1,000 pounds or some other common Beyonder ingredient of equal value. Remember, do not hurt her."

1,000 pounds? This would make most adventurers go crazy... I wonder who he's looking for, to offer such a high reward... Not surprisingly, Klein saw that everyone present was willing to give it a try.

The picture began to be passed counterclockwise, and a few minutes later, it was in Klein's hands.

As he casually glanced over it, a bit of surprise suddenly surfaced in his heart.

The woman in the photo was rather pretty, with bright red hair and a pair of green eyes that resembled emeralds. Her skin wasn't pale, but she had a healthy glow.

At the time of the photograph, she was wearing a long, lake-colored skirt. Her waist was cinched with a flower-shaped ribbon, making her appear exceptionally slender. Although her face seemed to be smiling, her overall appearance was one of displeasure and awkwardness.

A girl with a good family background... Who would offer 1,000 pounds to find her? Furthermore, on the condition that she cannot be hurt... Hmm, a picture of her forcing a smile... Many romance stories with intertwined love and hate flashed in Klein's mind.

Stories like a tyrannical pirate who fell in love with a wealthy merchant's daughter and abducted her onto his boat before she eventually escaped; or some noble lady from a declining noble family who became a pirate and was later caught after making a mistake, only to have a sinful relationship with a mid- or high-ranking Mandated Punisher or military officer and thus escape her predicament and imprisonment; or how a newly advanced Demoness accidentally incurred a debt of love while pleasuring someone... Such thoughts flashed through his mind, and Klein almost raised his hand to cover his face.

I've read too many novels in my previous life... And I happen to have a trauma because of Demonesses in this world... He sighed to himself, looked up at Ozil and asked, "What's her name?"

"Helene," Ozil answered succinctly. "But she must have switched to using a fake alias."

Helene, a typical female Intis name... Klein asked again, "Is there anything she often wears?

"Even a strand of hair will do."

This was a medium that could be used to seek her with divination.

Klein didn't mention things like recently worn clothes that hadn't been washed, afraid that the employer behind the scenes would throw him a piece of lingerie, making it awkward.

Ozil shook his head.

"Nothing.

"She has a strong anti-tracking ability."

"What's her strength like?" another member of the gathering asked.

Ozil said seriously, "The employer didn't give a detailed description. It's said that she isn't too strong, but she's stronger than a Sequence 9.

"You don't need to capture her. As long as you determine her whereabouts, you will be paid."

Chapter 563: The Fool's "Blessing"

"As long as you can confirm her location, you can receive 1,000 pounds! This is the first time I've seen such a mission!" On the street outside the Amyris Leaf Bar, Danitz rubbed his hands together with a hint of excitement. He clenched his fists and hit the tall iron-black gas lamppost, yearning to immediately wander around the city and find the red-haired woman named Helene.

To him, 1,000 pounds wasn't a small sum. It was enough to add one more house to his line of properties in Bayam. It just wouldn't be located in the most prosperous and valuable districts.

The Elf Flying Carpet he had previously obtained was only around two to three thousand pounds, and this was the reward he had earned from fighting dangerous fellows such as Steel Maveti and Blood Brambles Hendry. It was completely incomparable to the easy mission of finding someone.

Klein, who was walking ahead, held a package wrapped in newspaper. It contained the charm materials that had cost him fifteen pounds. He slowed his pace a little, glanced at Danitz, and said expressionlessly, "5,500 pounds."

"..." Danitz's excitement froze on his face.

Only then did he remember an important problem. In the eyes of the other pirates and adventurers, he was as "attractive" as red-haired Helene.

They didn't need to fight him. Once they recognized him, they could report his identity to the military, the Church, or the police, and they would receive a reward worth more than 1,000 pounds. After all, he was already a great pirate worth 5,500 pounds.

Searching for red-haired Helene would be equivalent to a lady with a nice figure and good looks entering the Red Theater for entertainment.

Dog... shit... Danitz spat out the curse slowly, his face grim.

At the same time, he automatically pulled down his cap even lower.

Klein, who had poured cold water on Danitz, resumed his normal walking speed and considered the question of finding the red-haired Helene.

The lack of a medium and the necessary information made it difficult for him to use divination, so he had to consider other methods.

Activate my underlings to conduct a citywide investigation? Only the Church, the military, and the police could accomplish that. Even the local gangs would find it difficult... Wait, I think I can...

I'm now Sea God Kalvetua. My believers are all across Bayam and Blue Mountain Island. I just need to make an announcement--no, a revelation--to all my believers, and I can get them to search for red-haired Helene... But would this damage my image? To do something like that for 1,000 pounds... Even a god has dignity to uphold...

If I were the real Sea God, I wouldn't care about this. However, I'm now acting as Kalvetua. I have to maintain the dignity of a god as best as I can.

Back when Kalvetua was on the verge of collapse, it didn't even broadcast a revelation when it was urgently trying to find Leticia and her subordinates. Instead, it only gave orders to its worshipers in the upper echelons... I can change its commandments as part of reconstructing an image, but I can't appear too petty... Well, that should also be a requirement of true acting.

It would be difficult to organize an investigation just by giving Kalat, Edmonton, and the others a revelation. Furthermore, they would definitely magnify the severity of the issue and cause a huge commotion. It would only make things more difficult to deal with later.

There's another solution. I can throw the radio transceiver above the gray fog and attempt to contact the magic mirror, Arrodes. I'll ask him about red-haired Helene's location. I have to be careful about this. I need to prepare ahead of time and confirm it via divination. I don't want to receive strange telegrams from the True Creator or the Primordial Demoness. Even a glance at it would probably make me go mad.

Having quickly come up with ideas, Klein boarded a rental carriage parked at the corner of the street. Danitz pressed his cap and followed closely behind.

Returning to the Wind of Azure Inn, Klein took off his hat and coat while saying to Danitz, "If your captain contacts you through a dream, ask for information about red-haired Helene."

"She probably doesn't know. Otherwise, I would've known this red-haired Helene." Danitz grinned. "I don't know who's looking for her, to be willing to pay a thousand pounds."

His thoughts were whirling, imagining a love story akin to the ones Emperor Roselle had penned.

Klein glanced at him and casually mentioned, "I'll do the monitoring tonight."

"You're doing it?" Danitz snapped out of his fantasies, wondering if he had heard wrongly.

"Yes." Klein nodded.

Gehrman Sparrow realizes that I'm too exhausted? Although this fellow is a little crazy, he's still a good person at heart. He had actually decided to risk his life to save those people when we were at Bansy Harbor for reasons that couldn't be considered good... Danitz sighed to himself.

Carrying the radio transceiver and its relevant parts, Klein went into the bedroom, locked the door, and threw them above the gray fog with a sacrificial ritual.

After doing all of this, he was in no hurry to leave the towering palace. He waved his hand, and the Sea God Scepter flew out from the junk pile. He scanned the prayers of different people and gathered experience on how people presented different faces.

In the process, he would occasionally respond, like a child still fascinated by a new toy.

As Klein's browsing drew to a close, ripples of light began to form around the seat of The Fool.

Someone is praying to me--to The Fool, not the Sea God... Klein raised his eyebrows and emanated his spirituality, scanning the scene within the rippling light.

Enmat Harbor, in a room with closed curtains.

Dressed in a classic black robe, Ed Sheeran resisted the impulse in his heart and said to the sweet, young girl, Denise, "The gift of God is in our bodies, but if we want to obtain it, we must have a teacher guide it out.

"Your soul is pure and beloved by the gods. I will personally guide you. In the process, no matter what happens, you must trust me and listen to me.

"Before that, do you have any questions?"

Ed Sheeran was a swindler. His specialty was to establish a cult to cheat others for money and sex. He would then decisively flee before it reached a certain scale that would garner attention from the police.

This time, he had come from Backlund disguised as one of The Fool's Blessed, whom many gangsters in the capital were looking for. He had also developed a group of believers among his targets.

He falsely claimed that The Fool was the incarnation of the Lord of the Storms and that he would come to save the faithful during the apocalypse. This was a secret that could not be widely publicized and could only be spread in secret; otherwise, it would attract the attention of the gods of the other Churches. Only those who were chosen would be able to believe in The Fool in advance and be the first to be redeemed.

To make himself appear more persuasive, he spent a lot of money in Backlund, buying a piece of paper with the honorific name of The Fool written on it.

As for what was on the piece of paper, his comment was: "It looks like it's real."

Denise asked with both fear and anticipation, "Lord Adorer, why didn't we get a response when we read God's honorific name? Aren't we Blessed who have been selected and should bathe in God's grace?"

I'll immediately give you God's grace... Ed Sheeran took a deep breath and suppressed the tantalizing images in his mind.

"Two reasons. First, you haven't discovered the grace of God which is hidden in your body. I will help you complete that later.

"Second, you are not devout enough. Don't argue, I can see right through you.

"After you do all of this, you will be able to recite God's honorific name and receive a response, just like me."

Under Denise's idolizing and curious gaze, Ed Sheeran picked up a pen on the table beside her and scribbled a line of words.

It was written in Hermes and used for sacrificial offerings.

In order to make the scam a success, Ed Sheeran had acquired a lot of religious knowledge and even went to a university's Department of History to audit archaeology courses.

Holding the paper in front of Denise, he proudly recited the words he had written in Hermes, "The Fool that doesn't belong to this era.

"The mysterious ruler above the gray fog.

"The King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck."

Following that, with half-closed eyes and open arms, he said dreamily, "I feel the blessings of God."

At this moment, a streak of silver lightning descended from the sky and landed right on Ed Sheeran's head.

Tiny bolts of electricity crackled and raced across his body. With God's blessing, he fell to the ground and his body quickly charred while his muscles twitched violently.

After a few seconds, he stopped moving and ceased breathing as Denise exclaimed, "Lord Ed Sheeran is indeed God's Blessed."

Denise finally sensed that something wasn't right. She stepped forward carefully, lifted her skirt, and knelt down, placing her finger beneath Ed Sheeran's nose.

He... he's dead... He's dead! Denise jerked back and fell to the ground in terror.

She burst into tears and stumbled out of the room, heading for the nearby police station.

Atop the gray fog, Klein silently retracted the Sea God Scepter.

You actually dared to use my name to cheat others of their wealth and sully women... The corner of his mouth twitched, wishing he could give another bolt of lightning to that man named Ed Sheeran.

This was called a corpse mutilation.

The girl will probably call the police, right? This kind of case would inevitably be referred to a corresponding Beyonder team. I wonder if it will be the Nighthawks, the Mandated Punishers, or the Machinery Hivemind... After what Mr. A has done, my reputation as The Fool isn't small in Backlund. Perhaps the official organizations already have a file on me. Well, maybe they'll put everything together and hand it over to the Red Gloves or something similar for handling... Klein's past identity and insight as a Nighthawk allowed him to consider the possible future developments.

However, he quickly put the matter aside, because no matter what, they wouldn't be able to detect that it was him.

Klein threw the Sea God Scepter back into the junk pile, ready to return to the real world.

Suddenly, one of the dark red stars quietly floating in the boundless gray fog lit up, emitting a light that was as bright as water!

It expanded and contracted repeatedly in an abnormally conspicuous manner.

This was a crimson star that didn't belong to any member of the Tarot Club.

What a busy day... Who could it be? Like Miss Justice, Mr. Hanged Man, and Little Sun, is someone relying on a certain object to connect with the gray fog? Klein's spirituality spread out as he thought. He didn't respond and only observed.

Author's Notes:

2018 is over, so let's briefly look back.

For an author, the happiest and most satisfying thing is retaining the confidence and passion to create better work. I can still identify weaknesses in my writing and find good ways to address them. For example, I used to excel at building grand climaxes through repeated questions, but I refrained from using that method here. Partly, this was self-restraint; partly, it arose from the limits of my worldview, under which overly explosive emotions can feel discordant. In whatever I write after Lord of Mysteries, I hope to find a good way to combine the explosive force of repeated questions with calm, objective narration.

Lord of Mysteries began serialization in April. Nine months have passed since then, during which I wrote a total of 1.798 million words. Rounding up, that is 200,000 words a month. It isn't much, but steady progress is more sustainable. I am neither quick-witted nor a young writer whose thoughts race effortlessly; I need a great deal of time to conceive every chapter. Writing two chapters a day often leaves me no time to rest or read, and writing three is even harder. Since I am also working on my fitness and other things, there can only be occasional extra chapters.

Given that, the first thing I want to ensure is quality. Readers gather because a book is good, not the other way around. Before starting this book, I spoke with friends about writing a fantasy story with a touch of English flavor. Their reactions were unanimous: it would be extremely difficult, almost impossible, to sell the film and television rights, which meant giving up a great deal of money. I like money, as I imagine everyone does except Father Ma. As an author, however, what I want most is to create the story I wish to tell. I want to earn money because the story is good, not create a story merely because it will be profitable. That priority must never be reversed.

I'm very happy. Since I began Lord of Mysteries, more and more readers have come to like it, and I have been able to earn some money as well. This is the best possible situation.

By the way, on the last day of 2018, we reached the milestone of one hundred alliance leaders. I had never planned for this or called for it; it happened naturally because of Lord of Mysteries. Well, that is quite wonderful. That is how I want things to work.

Thank you to every alliance leader and every friend who tipped, subscribed, and voted so enthusiastically that Klein became the most popular character of 2018!

When the moderators asked which ranking we should contest, my first thought was the Writers Chart. Later, under their supervision, we studied the rankings and decided on the Character Chart instead. First, a formidable friend stood ahead of me on the Writers Chart, and competing there would impose a heavy burden and cost a great deal. Second, my research showed that the Character Chart offered better value. The Writers Chart came with a golden keyboard, while the Character Chart offered a separate featured recommendation, equivalent to a major promotional push. I am a very practical person.

Well, it is now 2019. Today, I will post three chapters to thank the alliance leaders, everyone who voted, and everyone who subscribed. At the same time, I ask for your guaranteed monthly tickets. The higher the monthly-ticket ranking, the better the recommendations and the greater the value. As the people who keep Klein clothed and fed, I imagine you all appreciate good value too.

One additional chapter has already been posted. Tomorrow's chapters will still appear at the usual time. Please vote with your monthly tickets~

Also, Happy New Year, everyone~

Chapter 564: Knowledge as a Pursuer

As Klein's spirituality made contact, the repeatedly expanding and contracting crimson "star" presented the images and sounds contained within.

A black-haired woman in a classical robe lay on the ground, writhing in pain.

She held an ordinary-looking celestial globe in one hand, and in the other, she held a short scepter that wasn't even the length of a small arm. Her strong will to survive almost broke through the binding of the crimson stars and directly entered Klein's ears.

Like Justice and The Sun, this woman's figure appeared rather blurry, making it difficult to discern her exact appearance, but Klein could clearly see certain details: her cheek muscles were splitting, and the flesh inside was contracting into eyeballs; her ears stretched outward like trumpets; her fingers scratched bright streaks of blood into the floor; and a pair of cold, nearly transparent, lashless eyes hovered above her.

The black-haired girl's mutation didn't subside. Her body tenaciously healed itself, causing the flesh and blood which resembled an eyeball to melt away. Her ruptured muscles fused together, and her extended ears shrunk inward... Every detail was in a repeated tug-of-war between the two states.

Klein was dazzled by the illusory, lashless eyes. It was as if he had returned to Tingen, back to the time when he had first mastered Spirit Vision.

Back then, he had seen a pair of eyes like that on Old Neil's back!

Hidden Sage? Klein leaned back in his chair, stretched out his hand, and took hold of the Sea God Scepter that once again flew out of the junk pile.

He planned to lend a helping hand and smite those evil eyes with a few bolts of lightning.

However, after careful examination, he sharply realized that the black-haired woman's abnormality stemmed from the crazy ravings that no one else could hear. This was because the source of everything was in her ears, deep within her Spirit Body, her Soul Body!

It's very similar to the situation when Miss Magician suffered from the ravings of the full moon... Fortunately, I'm experienced; otherwise, I would've given the wrong response... After a moment's thought, Klein came up with a way to save her. He would pull her Spirit Body above the gray fog and directly block out the crazy ravings. As long as the source of the power was gone, the mutation would be quickly dealt with by the lady's self-recovery powers.

As for whether she was worth saving or harbored malicious intentions, he was no longer as troubled as he had been in the past.

If the black-haired lady had committed crimes heinous enough and had already established a connection with the mysterious space above the gray fog through the crimson star, Klein could strike her with a few bolts of lightning at any time and send her wherever she belonged.

If she really has any kind of malicious intentions, or if she causes any accidents, I, who possess the Sea God Scepter, the Black Emperor card, and am capable of using the gray fog's power to some degree, wouldn't lack the ability to resist... Klein held onto the white bone scepter in his right hand and pointed at the remote star.

His spirituality surged and poured into the flowing, crimson light.

This time, he was able to establish a mysterious, stable connection with ease.

The black-haired lady's figure instantly appeared at the side of the long bronze table, sitting on a chair that didn't belong to any of the current members of the Tarot Club.

As for Klein, he could see from the final image of the crimson stars that the mutation on her body had weakened significantly.

He nodded almost imperceptibly, patiently waiting for the other party to speak.

The black-haired lady was still somewhat adrift. One second, she was struggling in extreme pain, with her vision gradually turning black, and the next second, she was inside a towering domed palace. Beneath her was a silent gray fog that stretched endlessly outward. How could she not be stunned?

After a brief moment of silence, she turned her gaze to the figure leisurely sitting at the very end of the mottled long table. She asked in an ethereal voice, "Is this the Underworld?"

"You aren't dead." Klein laughed.

At this moment, he saw that the symbol tainted with starlight quickly changed on the back of the black-haired lady's high-back chair, forming a pair of eyes that contained countless resplendent stars. They were cold and indifferent, and they lacked eyelashes.

Based on his past experiences, he believed that this was a symbol representing the Mystery Pryer pathway.

The black-haired lady froze, gradually regaining her senses.

Instinctively, she scanned her surroundings before finally casting her gaze at the mysterious man shrouded behind the gray fog.

White shirt, tailcoat, no tie, black pants, bright leather boots, seemingly black hair, and a blurry appearance. There's nothing strange about this... He is casually holding a milky-white scepter that's slightly longer than an arm, and that scepter... The black-haired lady's pupils contracted as her eyes fully reflected the blue "gemstones" and the stormy aura they stirred in the surroundings. Furthermore, countless points of light surrounded it, giving it a holy and majestic air.

It's a scepter at the demigod level! He's playing with it like it's a toy... He places no value on it... The lady in black narrowed her eyes and cautiously asked, "How may I address you?"

"You may call me Mr. Fool," the experienced Klein answered.

The Fool... The black-haired lady ruminated over the word before asking with deliberation, "I've heard of your honorific name from the Aurora Order's Mr. Z."

She waited for his assertion or denial.

You know the Aurora Order's Mr. Z... He can be considered an old friend... Klein laughed but didn't reply; instead, he said, "Do you not plan on introducing yourself?

"This is the most basic etiquette."

The black-haired lady recalled what had happened to her and fell silent again.

After a few seconds, she said in a slightly muffled voice, "My name is Cattleya, and I have the nickname 'Admiral of Stars.'

"Mr. Fool, were you the one who saved me?"

Admiral of Stars? The Admiral of Stars, one of the seven pirate admirals, someone with a bounty of 37,000 pounds? I've saved a treasure trove--no, a person of high status... Klein shifted in his seat slightly, half surprised, half amused.

He chuckled and replied, "Wasn't that obvious?"

Admiral of Stars Cattleya immediately stood up and said, "Thank you for your assistance. If you have anything you need me to do, you can directly instruct me--as long as it is within my capabilities and doesn't violate my principles."

That's gracious of you... Very seasoned and experienced... She's indeed worthy of being the well-known Admiral of Stars... Klein couldn't help but sigh.

Among his Tarot Club members, with the exception of The Hanged Man and his incarnation, The World, all of them were rather inexperienced when they first participated.

Miss Justice was one of those who vaguely understood the mysterious world, but she hadn't really stepped into it yet. The Sun was one of those who obtained sufficient "education," but due to the isolated environment and his relatively young age, he was very simple and honest. The Magician may have been stuck at Sequence 9 for several years, but she had always been an unaffiliated Beyonder. She didn't know much about all sorts of hidden factions, and she lacked experience. The Moon, Emlyn, came from a Beyonder race and had the backing of a faction with a deep heritage. However, because he preferred staying home to play with dolls, he sorely lacked experience in certain respects. He was very gullible as a result.

That fellow, Emlyn, is smart, but if he were to, heh heh, meet Tris, no, Demoness Trissy, he would be tricked by her into selling his dolls... Klein inwardly mocked the vampire whom he considered a friend in the real world.

He looked at Admiral of Stars and didn't directly respond to the matter of her repaying him for saving her life. Instead, he smiled and asked, "Are you a member of the Moses Ascetic Order?"

"Yes." Cattleya didn't believe that this was something she could hide from Mr. Fool.

Klein smiled.

"What did you do to provoke that one?"

He wasn't sure that the pair of eyes belonged to the Hidden Sage, so he used the vague phrase "that one" instead, so that, no matter what, The Fool was absolutely correct and upheld his standing.

After a moment of silence, Cattleya said, "No, I didn't provoke him."

She paused, then she continued, "The members of the Moses Ascetic Order believe that the essence of all things is number, and we pursue knowledge itself.

"However, Emperor Roselle once said that we aren't pursuing knowledge, but that knowledge is pursuing us. The Hidden Sage is an embodiment of knowledge itself. 'He' is chasing us--every single Moses Ascetic Order member. When too much knowledge is injected into us, without us being able to quickly digest and master it, a situation like before will happen. Either I lower my defenses and open my mind to accept the modifications from the Hidden Sage, or I would tenaciously resist it or end up losing control."

If that's the case, you aren't specifically targeted by the Hidden Sage. Even if you managed to escape from the previous predicament, you wouldn't be suspected of anything... According to what you said, you are very knowledgeable... Back then, Old Neil only wanted to obtain the knowledge of human body refining and of a perfect revival... Klein suddenly sighed, but he showed none of it on his face.

The reputation of Admiral of Stars isn't too bad. She's the kind of pirate with a code of honor... Klein stopped his thoughts and calmly said, "If something similar happens again, you can recite my name."

Recite your name... Cattleya's lips quivered, instinctively wanting to refuse.

In the end, she didn't say anything as she fell silent for a long time.

After repeatedly weighing the pros and cons, she stood up, crossed her arms in front of her chest, and slightly bowed as she said, "How may I be of service?"

Klein laughed and said in an indifferent tone, "In the future, offer some assistance to my Blessed."

"By your will." Cattleya sat down again and asked cautiously, "Is the honorific name provided by Mr. Z yours?"

She then repeated the honorific name of The Fool to him.

Klein nodded, indicating that she was right.

Cattleya looked at the other empty seats and asked after some deliberation, "Honorable Mr. Fool, will there be others here as well?"

Klein laughed and replied, "People like yourself.

"They set up a regular gathering, and I bear witness."

After a few seconds of silence, Cattleya asked, "Can I participate?"

She thought that since she was now connected with the mysterious existence known as The Fool, it was better to know more than to do nothing.

Of course, you have money, knowledge, influence, and needs... Klein casually leaned against the back of the chair.

"Sure.

"You are not to reveal this matter without my permission."

"Alright!" Cattleya answered without hesitation.

Klein tapped his left index finger and revealed the rest of the tarot cards on the bronze table.

"They use tarot cards as their code names. These are the remaining ones.

"Pick one."

Cattleya scanned the cards and immediately said, "The Hermit."

Chapter 565: Eye of Mystery Prying

Inside the captain's cabin, Cattleya slowly got up from the floor and walked in silence to the full-length mirror next to the bookcase.

In the mirror, the skin on her face was fair and smooth, without a single crack. Her ears were small and normal, showing no signs of expanding. Her deep purple eyes were calm, as if nothing had happened.

However, she could see more with her eyes that carried an air of mystery.

Hidden beneath her skin were eye-like flesh and blood that hadn't fully dissolved; her Soul Body, whose pain and madness were rapidly dispersing; innumerable illusory objects with ineffable forms that roamed about; sailors who were cleaning the deck several rooms away...

Everything within a range of a few dozen meters was revealed to her in an unobscured but unusually chaotic manner.

From the day she had become a Sequence 5 Constellations Master, her Mystery Pryer powers had been greatly enhanced. She could faintly see that there were thick curtains around her that resembled shadows, and behind the curtains, something seemed to be watching her and all living beings.

There are no traces of influence from Mr. Fool, which itself explains a great deal... He, no, 'He' was able to directly pull my Soul Body into that mysterious space with a strange, tyrannical, and secretive power. It's not something that a demigod scepter can compare to... Although 'He' was dressed in contemporary clothing, this doesn't mean anything. For an existence at this level, it's very easy for different people to see 'Him' in different forms, and 'His' true appearance would probably cause anyone who saw 'Him' directly to lose control and die... Cattleya stared at herself in the mirror, thinking silently about what had just happened.

It was inevitable that she had some predictions about Mr. Fool's identity, but this was only guesswork without any evidence.

The fact that 'He' is wearing a tailcoat doesn't mean that 'He' is very young or that 'He' was born recently. Perhaps, 'His' essence is ancient, even older than the seven gods. The knowledge that is pursuing me tells me that before the Cataclysm, there were indeed older gods, and 'He' might be one of them, Cattleya thought. She then turned away from the full-length mirror, walked back to where she had struggled in pain, and picked up the glasses that had fallen to one side.

She put the thick glasses on her nose, hiding her deep purple eyes. Everything that didn't appear under a normal person's vision quickly disappeared from her sight.

Cattleya stood there, thinking again about the influence Mr. Fool and the so-called "Tarot Club" would have upon her.

Without realizing it, a tall figure surfaced in her mind. The words that she would never forget echoed once more in her ears.

"Leave. Your destiny doesn't lie with me."

Is this my destiny, Your Majesty? She closed her eyes.

In the ancient and majestic palace above the gray fog.

Klein's fingers tapped the edge of the long, mottled table as he made all the tarot cards on the table disappear.

He was thinking about how matters would develop after the Admiral of Stars joined the Tarot Club.

If there's no other way, and if I really need to leave the safe sea route and enter the sea that was once a battlefield of the gods to search for singing mermaids, having The Hermit, who is fearful of The Fool, under my influence is better than cooperating with Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina. Using her ship would be much safer... Yes, Mr. Hanged Man will be a backup choice.

Admiral of Stars is a Moses Ascetic Order member. She possesses extensive knowledge and is very helpful to the Tarot Club, but she's a latent risk for me. Mr. Fool's image is built on the foundation of being unfathomable... In the future, I have to be more careful. I mustn't answer things I'm not sure of. On matters I'm uncertain about, I'd rather be vague and handle them like a charlatan. Of course, to fully resolve this problem, I should quickly improve myself and become a High-Sequence Beyonder. My strength needs to match my status, and my standards need to match that pedestal.

With a Sequence 5 powerhouse who commands many subordinates, the overall strength of the Tarot Club can no longer be considered weak.

After obtaining the Sea God Scepter, I don't have to worry about members of the Tarot Club becoming too strong and causing problems.

I hope that there will come a day when this member of the Moses Ascetic Order, Admiral of Stars, will be able to play an important role in my revenge against the Hidden Sage.

Klein exhaled as he vanished from above the gray fog.

Backlund. Beneath Saint Samuel Cathedral.

A red-gloved Nighthawk entered the temporary office assigned to them with a telegram in hand.

"Captain, something happened at Enmat Harbor," he said to Soul Assurer Soest with some excitement.

Soest touched the right side of his hair and asked, "What happened?"

"There's a new development from The Fool, the one the Aurora Order is seeking." The member holding the telegraph handed the piece of paper over.

His answer immediately attracted the attention of several Red Gloves who were present, including the black-haired, green-eyed man who was taking an afternoon nap with his chair tilted back and his feet on the table. He had covered his face with his hat.

Soest took over the telegraph and scanned it before immediately laughing.

"Someone lied by claiming to be his Blessed in an attempt to scam others, but after chanting his name, he was smote to death on the spot by a bolt of lightning.

"There truly is a hidden existence known as The Fool..."

The files relating to the Tarot ritual and The Fool had been handed over to Soest's Red Gloves team. They were in charge of the investigations, but there were no leads, and they didn't attach much importance to it because they had other missions on hand.

"The Fool has powers in the lightning domain?" Leonard Mitchell removed the black hat from his face.

"Who knows? If he's some old acquaintance of ours, it's possible to do something similar by preparing a corresponding mystical item. It's not without precedent. This is especially so for the fake gods in the Southern Continent and the colonial islands. By the Lord of Storms, those cheats claim that The Fool is another manifestation of the Lord of Storms. This might also be why he was smote to death." Soest leisurely threw the telegraph aside.

Leonard glanced at it, lowered his feet, half turned, and chuckled.

"Aren't we going to perform some investigations?"

"How? Are you going to pretend ignorance and recite his honorific name?" Soest sneered.

This has a high probability of catching a trace of The Fool, but I will basically be bidding farewell to this world. My digestion of the Nightmare potion has been going pretty well, and I just got another good item. There are still plenty of Sequences up ahead awaiting me. How can I enter into an eternal sleep so soon? Leonard stroked his drooping hair strands and said, "We can get a few criminals on death row to give it a try?"

"But he could just as easily not respond." Soest shook his head.

"We can start with the two cases involving the tarot rituals. I'm more and more convinced that they have some connection to The Fool. First, The Fool is one of the Major Arcana tarot cards. Second, the organization seeking or cracking down on his Blessed is the Aurora Order. And the first case involving the tarot ritual was the Lanevus case. In that case, the Aurora Order's attempt to allow the True Creator's descent was foiled." Leonard tugged at his black vest and stood up.

Soest thought about it seriously and said, "The leads in the other cases have also gone cold. For now, we have nothing else to do. You can try to investigate the two tarot ritual cases."

"Sure." Leonard smiled back.

This was exactly what he wanted. With a case that no one cared about being handed to him, he had won a certain amount of time to act freely.

At 2:50 p.m., Fors returned from the cold streets to her residence while trembling.

She hadn't wanted to go out in this damp, cold weather, but she had run out of food at home. As for Xio, she had gone all the way to Pritz Harbor to capture a fugitive and collect the bounty. It was unknown when she would be able to return home.

She's always instinctively chasing after and capturing fugitives. It can be said that she has been acting to some extent... Holding the large brown paper bag in her arms, she habitually fished for her keys to open the mailbox and take out the letters and bills.

She entered the house, put the food away, and took off her thick coat that tightly clung to her body. Fors began to look through the letters.

Suddenly, her eyes lit up. There was a letter from her teacher, Dorian Gray.

After she advanced to Trickmaster, the first thing she did was to write about it in her letter and mail it to Dorian Gray, hoping to receive her teacher's praise and subsequent guidance. However, days had passed without her receiving a reply. For a moment, she wondered if she should visit Pritz Harbor out of concern.

Fors quickly opened the envelope and began to read it.

"I'm sorry that I have only replied now. I previously left Pritz Harbor for some time for a relative's funeral.

"Your talent gratifies me. Perhaps the stories hidden in your heart have helped you in acting. After you digest the Trickmaster potion, I'll provide you with the Sequence 7 Astrologer formula and some ingredients, as well as a gift...

"The crux when it comes to acting as a Trickmaster lies in 'performing' and 'hoodwinking.' Hoodwinking can also be understood as deceit. This has been verified by generations of Beyonders... You can take into consideration other pathways like Swindler and Magician. The meaning behind their names is, in some sense, similar..."

Fors sighed in relief, glanced up at the wall clock, and hurried back to her bedroom before locking the door behind her.

The weekly Tarot Gathering was beginning.

Not long after, a crimson light flooded her eyes, drowning everything.

In the ancient and mysterious palace, just as Fors was about to look at Mr. Fool, she suddenly saw a figure beside her.

That seat had always been empty!

A new member? A lady? The Magician Fors moved her eyeballs slightly, pretending not to care as she half turned her body.

Another new member? And it's a lady... Miss Justice was about to get up and greet Mr. Fool when she saw an unfamiliar figure.

While feeling puzzled and expectant, she discovered a problem. The women were on one side of the table, while the men were on the other side.

This should be divided according to Mr. Fool's intentions. I wonder if there's any symbolic meaning behind it... Yes, the ladies are on the left, and the men are on the right. Being neither left nor right is what defines a god like Mr. Fool. Ah, yes, there's also Mr. World... Heh heh, could it be that he's neither man nor woman, or even a human? Audrey, you're thinking too much... Justice stood up and bowed, speaking in a light and brisk tone.

"Good afternoon, Mr. Fool~"

Chapter 566: Clothing Details

Klein responded with a slight nod and a faint curl of his lips to Miss Justice's pleasant greeting.

He was just about to introduce The Hermit to everyone, and everyone to The Hermit, when he noticed that Miss Justice continued. Her gaze shifted to the other side as she greeted, "Good afternoon, Mr. Hanged Man."

This time, she didn't follow the order of the tarot cards, instead following the order in which each person had joined the Tarot Club.

After this round of greetings, The Hermit will essentially get to know everyone, and there's no need for The Fool to introduce her... Miss Justice is obviously doing it on purpose. She's really considerate. As long as a Beyonder of the Spectator domain becomes serious, they act differently for matters like this... Klein was surprised for a moment before he praised her silently.

At the same time, Alger responded to Audrey's greeting while cautiously sizing up the new member.

Female. It's barely possible to tell that she's wearing a black gown with many patterns on it... Her hair is black and her eyes are a little purple... Alger managed to find certain traits in her blurred, distorted image.

Suddenly, his heart sank as he recalled the scene he saw several months earlier at the pirate convention.

Back then, scattered starlight had magically formed a long bridge between the huge sailboat and the palace in the depths of the island. Admiral of Stars Cattleya, who was wearing a black classical robe, had walked through the air, carrying a celestial globe and a short scepter at her waist.

And the celestial globe resembled the strange Weather Bottle that Alger had previously obtained. The latter had coincidentally shattered after he had been pulled into the gathering by Mr. Fool.

Could it be her? She looks somewhat similar based on her attire... But the Admiral of Stars wears glasses, while she doesn't... It cannot be confirmed. It will require further observation and evidence. Unfortunately, I only saw her from afar and know little...

Regardless, I should be careful. When exchanging information, I should try my best to avoid divulging details about my actual situation... The World is Mr. Fool's Blessed; revealing my identity to him is totally different compared to the others--no, the other members...

After the matter regarding the "Sea God," Mr. Fool has recovered a considerable strength. He's even able to pull in a powerhouse like a pirate admiral?

Thoughts flashed through Alger's mind as he slightly shifted in his seat.

Mr. Hanged Man's body language tells me that he is alert and guarded... Does he know the female newcomer, or has he guessed something? How intriguing... Audrey's gaze swept across without leaving a trace and landed on Derrick.

At this moment, Cattleya was also carefully examining the members of the Tarot Club in the order they were greeted in.

The mysterious purple color in her eyes slowly flowed imperceptibly. Although she couldn't truly see through the blurry concealment of the fog, she could still make out the details of their clothing.

The Hanged Man, a man in his thirties and in his prime. He has rare, deep-blue hair as messy as seaweed. This is a common mutation seen in the Sailor pathway... He's wearing a robe with patterns of storms and waves... Someone from the Church of Storms? Cattleya's pupils contracted. She showed nothing unusual as she continued to observe the rest of the members.

The Sun, a young male, perhaps still underage. His attire is rare and has a simple ancient sense of beauty. It's very tight, making it suitable for combat. Is he a Beyonder in this aspect?

The World, neither an old man nor a young man. He has a gloomy temperament and wears a hooded robe. Eh, he gives the sense that he isn't a living person. Is this something similar to Senor or Steel Maveti? Or some other Sequence I'm unaware of...

The Magician, a young woman, wears a common Loen-styled dress. Apart from having a trait of languidness, she doesn't have any other characteristics. This kind of person is the easiest to ignore, so she deserves closer attention.

The Moon, a young man. He sits very casually. He has black hair and red eyes, and he wears an Earth Mother priest robe... There seems to be only one likely explanation for that combination--a vampire...

As expected, the members of Mr. Fool's Tarot Club aren't that simple. Just a preliminary judgment involves two Churches... Cattleya withdrew her gaze and met Audrey's gaze.

Sensing the other party's unspoken question, she gave a slight nod.

"The Hermit."

Cattleya had spoken in ancient Feysac, deliberately avoiding the more familiar languages of Intis and Loen, as she had done when communicating with Mr. Fool.

And she had noticed one thing. Mr. Fool had previously told her that the time the gathering was being held was at 3 p.m. on Monday, Backlund time.

Does this mean that the members of this gathering are currently composed mainly of people from Loen? Cattleya drew her own conclusion.

"Justice." Audrey smiled faintly in return. "Good afternoon, Ma'am Hermit."

She had noticed what The Hermit had been up to and had summarized the person's traits in her heart.

She's a very cautious woman who has rich experience in the Beyonder world. She's quiet but not introverted, and she's very confident in her observation skills or certain abilities related to her eyes. Furthermore, her clothing style and the short scepter hanging at her waist indicate that her Sequence pathway leans toward mystery. This requires confirmation. Perhaps it's just a hobby.

At the same time, Cattleya also managed to clearly make out Miss Justice's clothing.

She wears two hanging earrings, and the earrings are small and exquisite, inlaid with high-quality emeralds which accentuate her emerald-green eyes. They're obviously worth a lot...

The necklace around her neck looks unique. It's lined with diamonds that are quite difficult to count, but it's nothing ostentatious...

Her milky-white dress is simple yet beautiful. It's tailored to be elegant and befitting of her status, like the work of a stylish designer...

As she went through the details, Cattleya couldn't help but close her eyes.

A seventeen- or eighteen-year-old girl... Very rich... The way she moves and her etiquette strongly suggest that she is a high-ranking noble, a Loen noble? Cattleya didn't know why she sighed inwardly.

After a round of greetings from Audrey, there was no need for Klein to introduce the original members of the Tarot Club to The Hermit or The Hermit to the rest.

Just as she sat down, Audrey once again turned to the very end of the long bronze table.

"Mr. Fool, I'm out of town and have only managed to find one page of Roselle's diary."

At the last gathering, she had provided two pages, so she was two pages short of paying off the debt. However, while staying at the manor, even though she often went to the city, she had managed to collect only one diary page.

In addition, due to the addition of the new member, Hermit, she was careful not to mention the Psychology Alchemists. She didn't mention Backlund or East Chester County at all.

Roselle's diary... Diary!? Cattleya almost lost control and couldn't help quickly turning her head to look at Miss Justice, who sat on the same side as her.

She clearly remembered that the tall and beautiful figure had once sighed.

"It's not a notebook. It's his diary. However, other than him, no one else would be able to understand it."

The members of the Tarot Club know that Roselle's notebook is a diary? Mr. Fool is collecting Roselle's diary? Is "He" trying to crack it to find the secret hidden in that part of history? This is more like a revived ancient god... All sorts of confused and shocked thoughts surfaced in Cattleya's mind.

She maintained her composure, just turning her head in a normal fashion to observe the first "transaction."

After experiencing many things and fighting her way toward becoming one of the seven great pirate admirals, she understood that the most important thing for her to do after joining the Tarot Club was to listen more and speak less!

"Mr. Fool, I obtained three pages," Fors said with a smile.

They had been mailed by Dorian Gray.

At last week's gathering, as she hadn't obtained her teacher's response, and due to the cold weather, she hadn't attended any Beyonder gatherings, so she couldn't provide a single page.

Derrick followed immediately, "Mr. Fool, I've copied a new legend of the ancient gods."

Tsk, he's always using the legends of ancient gods as a token payment... Emlyn glanced contemptuously at The Sun.

Suddenly, he thought of something. Although The Sun claimed that the one they worshiped was the Lord that created everything, he had never tried to cover up the influence that Giant King Aurmir had on them. However, he had never mentioned that the Giant Queen Omebella was the one whom the Kingdom of Silver had originally worshiped.

Could it be that the City of Silver isn't equal to the "Kingdom of Silver"? I'll wait a minute and try it out... Emlyn had never been able to get over The Sun's earlier slandering of the Sanguine.

Four pages of Roselle's diary, a legend of the ancient gods; that's pretty good... I wonder if it contains information about the high elf, Cohinem... Alas, after Mr. Hanged Man learned that The World is a Blessed, I cannot make The World ask questions without any qualms... Klein thought quickly and said with a chuckle, "Very good."

He helped Miss Justice, Miss Magician, and Little Sun conjure their respective content, which flashed into the palm of his hand as he casually browsed through them.

Mr. Fool doesn't appear to be deciphering them... "He" can read Emperor Roselle's diary? W-what's "His" background? What is "His" true identity? A sense of indescribable terror and dread suddenly welled up in Cattleya's heart.

She quickly retracted her gaze and looked at the long bronze table, as if she was studying the simple patterns on the table's surface.

The reaction The Hermit showed when realizing that Mr. Fool is able to read Roselle's diary was far stronger than I expected. Is she concerned with this matter, or is it somehow related to her? Audrey pursed her lips thoughtfully.

Although the other party hid it quickly and naturally, this was still obvious enough for a Sequence 7 from the Spectator pathway.

Klein sensed the abnormality of the new member, The Hermit, because he also wanted to see how this member of the Moses Ascetic Order, who had a great deal of knowledge, would react to it. The result left him surprised.

Isn't that a little too intense? Klein didn't have the luxury of time to think about it as his gaze fell to the first page of Roselle's diary.

Chapter 567: Source of the Matter

"9th April. I just returned from Countess Wawrinka's masquerade party when I suddenly felt an emptiness in my heart.

"One woman, one woman, woman after woman. The monotonous and mechanical movements, the indistinguishable smell of perfume, and the warmth from the entanglement of their limbs; all these in exchange for a few seconds of pleasure, followed by endless boredom, disgust, emptiness, and numbness.

"What pleasure is there in such a life? Is the meaning of life merely to do this every single day?

"I can't go on like this. I have to get out of this sorry state.

"Also, I need to remind myself that I shouldn't habitually write Arabic numerals." ...Emperor, there are actually times when you reflect on yourself and wax philosophical? This doesn't fit with my image of you! Klein almost raised his eyebrows.

He looked down at the second entry of the diary.

"11th April, Countess Wawrinka invited me to a private salon, and she told me that Ma'am Julia would be there, too.

"Ha, will this conservative blonde girl who is in Loen because of her marriage participate as well?

"I really look forward to it!

"I've been imagining her in bed for a long time. I hope her husband, Viscount Dellien, doesn't mind."

Emperor, have you forgotten what you wrote a few days ago in your diary? Tsk, how nice, isn't it? Also, you have a typo. Mind! Klein couldn't help but lampoon.

"14th April. I've been attending too many events recently, and the flesh is weary even though the spirit is willing...

"But that's nothing!

"Although I'm still young, I should be careful about the risk of declining. Temperance! Temperance!

"The Archaeologist Sequence has improved my physique and effectively enhanced certain abilities. However, this isn't its area of expertise, but just something that comes with it.

"As I continue raising my Sequence, the changes from the previous potions will also intensify. This is my motivation.

"Apparently, Apothecaries can concoct medicines that have no side effects. Perhaps, I should ask a few of them.

"Also, I really have to control myself. Unrestrained behavior will only lead to a continuously rising threshold, and the resulting satisfaction will never match what it once was.

"After calming down and thinking about it carefully, there are many things that can be done. Humans are always like this, bound by desire, unable to see what's of value. Why did I transmigrate over here? What secrets lie hidden in the cosmos above my head? Where did the original consciousness come from, and if self-cognition purely comes from one's consciousness, then who was I before assuming the identity of Huang Tao? Who does the essential part belong to..."

Emperor, are you describing to me what it means to be a pervert and philosopher before and after the deed? Hehe, so you do have worries about such matters. I thought you were already set in your ways... Thankfully, you didn't teach Chinese to your children. Yes, you likely didn't teach them. Otherwise, what would they think after seeing such content? Zaratul prophesied that your eldest daughter, Bernadette, would be at odds with you and betray you. Perhaps she had good reason... Of course, not teaching them is more of a form of protection... Klein was successfully amused by Roselle's diary entries, but he showed none of it on his face.

To him, the diary of Emperor Roselle was both a fount of knowledge and a collection of jokes.

With this thought, Klein turned to the next page of the diary.

"2nd October, Zaratul came to visit me again.

"Now that I've become a demigod, he wants me to honor a promise. He wants me to steal that dangerous Sealed Artifact from the Church.

"That is a Grade 1 Sealed Artifact, the Antigonus family's notebook from the Fourth Epoch!"

At this point, Klein's pupils contracted uncontrollably.

This was likely the notebook that the Secret Order lost later on.

This was likely the notebook that led to Klein Moretti's death and that allowed him, Zhou Mingrui, to use Klein Moretti's corpse to successfully awaken in this world!

This was the source of everything!

It turns out that it didn't fall into the hands of the Secret Order from the very beginning. Instead, it was sealed within the Church of the God of Craftsmanship which later turned into the Church of the God of Steam and Machinery. Zaratul successfully obtained it through Emperor Roselle.

Right, the Secret Order member inside Creeping Hunger was very fearful of Zaratul. He believed that Zaratul was an undying and abnormal monster. Does this mean that Zaratul gained benefits through the notebook, but an accident happened? He turned from a person who could communicate normally with Roselle into a monster. Therefore, this eventually led to the loss of the Antigonus family's notebook?

Of course, it cannot be ruled out that Zaratul deliberately allowed it to be lost...

Yes... As Zaratul became a monster, the Secret Order lost all the mermaids, causing subsequent Faceless Beyonders to risk their lives out at sea? Rosago succeeded because he attempted to enter that sea which is a ruin of a battle between gods?

All of these thoughts flashed through Klein's mind, causing his heart to feel abnormally heavy.

He hadn't assumed that the Antigonus notebook he had encountered was closely related to Roselle, because his theories had always stemmed from the law of convergence of Beyonder characteristics, and some of the details that followed were in line with similar logic.

Are they all involved with the upper echelons of the Seer pathway? Klein glanced around the palace and looked out at the endless gray fog.

Could this be the cause? he asked himself this question once more deep within himself.

Steadying his emotions, Klein went on to read the subsequent diary pages.

"Heh, I'll have to do it depending on the situation. If it's easy to steal and there's no risk of exposure, I'll try to do it. Otherwise, I'll pretend as though none of this ever happened.

"It doesn't matter even if Zaratul were to expose me. With my present identity, status, Sequence, and influence, as long as I'm willing to repent, the Church won't do anything to me."

The other two diary pages recorded Roselle's thought process as he devised plans to steal the notebook, but none of them seemed likely to succeed. However, Klein knew that Roselle eventually obtained the notebook and handed it over to the head of the Secret Order, Zaratul.

After a moment's thought, Klein turned the page.

"10th December. I once again attended that ancient and secret gathering.

"At the gathering, I discovered that they were unanimous in being extremely hostile to the Solomon Empire of the Fourth Epoch.

"I raised the question which Mr. Hermes quickly answered. In the Fourth Epoch, the ally and supporter of the Solomon Empire was the True Creator.

"That makes perfect sense.

"I resisted the urge to ask what exactly our organization had done in the history of the Fourth Epoch, but as I left the palace and returned from my dreams, I found that Mr. Hermes's route this time coincided with mine to a certain extent.

"This ancient man who has lived since the Cataclysm definitely knew more. I struck up a conversation with him and earnestly asked him the question--is that why the organization hates the True Creator? Is it solely because 'He' had used the Creator's holy name in 'His' name?

"Mr. Hermes chuckled and said that they weren't such superficial creatures.

"He asked me in return if I knew what the actual abilities of the Shepherd were.

"Of course," was my answer.

"He asked again in a meaningful tone, 'Who do you think would be most likely to develop in the direction of being omnipotent and omniscient among all the existing gods?'

"This... The first thought that came to me was the Shepherd pathway which could engage in Devouring and Grazing, so as to control the souls and characteristics of other Beyonders.

"So that's the reason..."

This was the only entry on the page, but it contained a lot of information... The Solomon Empire originally came under the True Creator's camp... Yes, in the Tudor family's underground ruins, there are humanoid statues of the six true gods. Although it isn't certain whether they worshiped or desecrated the gods, one thing is certain. The six gods were involved in the affairs of the three empires, and they later had a close relationship with the Trunsoest dynasty... Did the three great empires represent three different camps of gods? Klein tried to use his "archaeological" discovery and historical knowledge to decipher the hidden truth of the previous epoch, but he was still shrouded in fog.

Regarding Hermes, the oldest master of mysticism, Klein's answer came close to Roselle's.

As a Beyonder's Sequence was raised, the saints and angels of the Shepherd pathway could Graze more souls, gaining more and more Beyonder powers. In the end, if the True Creator had finished Grazing the other twenty-one Beyonder pathways, he would be, to some extent, the omnipotent and omniscient Creator.

There are still a lot of secrets hidden in the Sequence pathways... Klein turned to the fourth page.

This diary page recorded the actions Roselle took after he consumed the Savant potion. He read a lot, studied a lot, laid an extremely firm foundation, and increased the scope and depth of his knowledge to a whole new level.

In this period of time, he had almost no entertainment. Learning was his greatest form of entertainment.

In one of the diary entries, he wrote: "...When a person knows with certainty how much he will gain after putting in the effort, and is able to directly tell how much he gains, then he will certainly work as hard as I am now."

Isn't this the fundamental attraction of many games? Klein turned over the last diary page and read the legend of the ancient gods provided by Little Sun.

During the entire process, the majestic palace was completely silent. Be it Justice or The Moon, they were both considering what to trade and communicate later on.

It was the first time that The Hermit Cattleya had encountered such a situation, but she didn't feel uneasy or uncomfortable at all. Instead, she carefully analyzed the information that the scene revealed.

This isn't the first time this is happening... Mr. Fool has the habit of reading Roselle's diary at the Tarot Gathering... The members will proactively or passively search for the pages for "Him." However, it can't be confirmed if there were any advance payments...

"He" really can read Roselle's diary... He's searching for secrets that have sunk into the river of history?

Just now, that Sun mentioned that the information he submitted was about legends of ancient gods... This is roughly in line with my previous speculations...

At this point in time, Klein had roughly finished reading the new information on ancient gods.

In the Second Epoch, in those dark years, every ancient god had a "god" attached to them, just like the Dragon of Imagination Ankewelt and "His" child, the Dragon of Nightmare, Alzuhod.

Chapter 568: Subsidiary "Gods"

In the information provided by The Sun, there were detailed examples of some typical subsidiary gods, but most of the information didn't give their true names, only their titles. These included the Goddess of Beauty and the Goddess of Life who were subsidiary to Vampire Ancestor, Lilith; the Goddess of Misfortune and the God of the Dead who were subsidiary to Annihilation Demonic Wolf, Flegrea; the God of Luck and the Queen of Calamity who were subsidiary to Elf King, Soniathrym, and so on.

Queen of Calamity... Klein suddenly thought of the Book of Calamity and the golden wine cup he had taken from the ruins of the high elf. The name Cohinem and the word "Calamity" were engraved on it in Elvish.

This caused him to realize that Cohinem was the Elf King's subsidiary--Queen of Calamity!

Unfortunately, I can't directly seek confirmation with Little Sun. I'll have to wait for further information from him... Klein sighed inwardly.

At the same time, he formed several theories about the fact that these titles didn't correspond with their true names.

The City of Silver was originally the Kingdom of Silver that came under the Giant King's Court's rule. Other than having sufficient understanding of its own forces and enemies, the information regarding the other ancient gods could only have come from legends and rumors, and they aren't that detailed. Compared to the simple and easy-to-understand titles, a god's true name can consist of complicated and difficult words that are difficult to remember, making it harder for them to be spread.

The information provided to Klein when he turned over the page confirmed his theory. However, it gave him new doubts.

The dragons also had a Dragon of Wisdom named Herabergen, who was considered the equivalent of a god in the City of Silver. Under Giant King Aurmir, there were also "His" eldest son, the God of Dawn Badheil, and "His" queen, the Goddess of Harvest.

Why doesn't the Goddess of Harvest have a real name? Isn't "She" the queen of the Giant King's Court? The City of Silver should have records of her... Were these so-called subsidiary gods equivalent to the angels or Kings of Angels of later times? Yes, Sequence 2s of their own pathways, or Sequence 1s from other pathways? Klein suppressed his perplexity and inferred the truth from the information recorded in the Card of Blasphemy--within the same pathway, if there was a Sequence 0, then there wouldn't be a Sequence 1, and if there was no Sequence 0, then there would be at most three Sequence 1s.

However, Klein didn't dare to base his judgment on this. After all, his knowledge was partial, and he didn't even know if there were any preconditions for the Sequence 0 and Sequence 1, which he derived from the Law of Beyonder Characteristics Conservation and Indestructibility.

I'll assume this for the time being... Klein leaned back, letting the information in his hands vanish, smiling as he said, "You may begin."

At this point, Alger was still seriously examining himself.

After considering how to communicate properly, he used the technique of putting himself in the other person's shoes. He started from the point of view of The Hermit, who was suspected of being Admiral of Stars, to see what exactly he had exposed.

Mr. Fool protects every member's true identity with a blurred and distorted image, but this method doesn't affect the perception of color. Dark brown colors can be difficult to distinguish, but bright colors are easily grasped. At the very least, I can tell that Miss Justice is blonde with bright green eyes...

And for me, the most obvious thing I can't hide is my dark blue hair. But this doesn't say anything. It's not a problem to say that dark blue hair is a common mutation in Beyonders within the Sailor pathway, but not everyone with dark blue hair is a Sailor. This is because such traits are hereditary. On Sonia Island and in the Berserk Sea around Desi Bay, there were places where elves originally gathered. Many humans with traces of elven blood will also have dark blue hair. Heh, it's the same for districts where there are many Church of Storms Beyonders...

Ignoring any other trait, it's difficult for The Hermit to determine any further information based on the situation.

Just as Alger sighed in relief, he caught sight of the Storm robe he was wearing.

After returning to the Blue Avenger, not only was he the captain of the ship, but he was also the bishop of the sailors. He often needed to wear the corresponding clothes to conduct Mass.

If he didn't show his devotion in his daily actions, there might come a day when he would be reported by his subordinates.

The Church of Storms has always been wary of those members who had been drifting out at sea for a long time, as playing the role of pirates for too long might one day turn them into real pirates. In any case, the Lord of Storms has never given a revelation to exclude pirates from "His" followers.

Under the cover of that blurred distortion, it's hard to see the details of one's clothing clearly. This isn't a problem... However, I still have to pay attention in the future. During Tarot Gatherings, I should change into a set of ordinary clothes... Although I can't be sure, I still have to treat her as a pirate admiral. I can't afford to be careless... Alger thought cautiously.

At this moment, he heard the seemingly suppressed voice of The Moon Emlyn, as he struggled to hide his emotions.

"Mr. Hanged Man, I've done the preparations. When can you obtain the inheritance of that Sanguine baron? You said before that it's in the hands of some powerful pirate?"

You didn't have to say the last sentence... Alger's body instantly stiffened.

Powerful pirate... The Hermit's eyes swept over The Hanged Man once again.

Alger's expression didn't change as he turned his head to The Moon and asked, "Have you obtained the funds?"

"Of course!" Emlyn lifted his chin.

He originally wanted to wait until the three-month maturity was up before he went to the bank to withdraw the money, but he soon discovered that he was in a completely different mood after deciding to buy the Sanguine baron's inheritance.

He no longer had any qualms or hesitation. He was filled with expectation and desire, wishing that he could get his hands on it immediately. It was just like how he felt in the past when he was about to buy a beloved doll!

He had held back for more than a week before finally giving up by selling the bank draft. Although he had lost some money, it was still acceptable.

In many situations, a bank draft could be used as currency.

"I'll get it for you within the week. Finally, let's confirm the price: 4,500 pounds. Is that alright?" Seeing that a deal was about to be struck, Alger didn't pursue The Moon's act of exposing him.

Emlyn thought about the dolls in his room, cleared his throat, and said as his eyes darted around furtively.

"Can it be cheaper?"

"It's not up to me to decide, but I can try to acquire it for you at a lower price. Also, don't forget my commission. Let's lower it. How about 300 pounds?" Alger's tone didn't change at all.

"Alright." Emlyn quietly exhaled.

Not a very powerful vampire, either underage or only recently matured... Cattleya silently watched from the sidelines and formed her judgment.

Seeing that the deal between Mr. Hanged Man and Mr. Moon had been concluded in a few sentences, Audrey habitually felt that she should purchase something.

In a week or two, I'll contact the members of the Psychology Alchemists in East Chester County and tell them that I've become a member. I'll exchange my contribution points for the subsequent potion formula. I don't need to request it here for the time being... Once I find out what ingredients are needed, I can ask for everyone's help... There's no need to buy any mystical items for now. I've already been reimbursed for one... Being able to obtain such rare items too frequently might imply many problems... Audrey's thoughts raced, and she had an idea.

She turned halfway and looked at the gloomy man at the end of the table.

"Mr. World, you mentioned that you have clues to the characteristic left behind by a Psychiatrist. Have you successfully acquired it?"

I intend to buy it for Susie... she silently added in her heart.

In fact, when she was considering this matter, she had another slightly mischievous idea, which was to find an excuse for Mr. Fool to turn over the Black Emperor card which sat beside him.

From her point of view, Ma'am Hermit was particularly affected by the matter regarding Roselle's diary. Judging by her intense reaction before she quickly concealed it, it was quite possible that she knew about the Cards of Blasphemy; therefore, the moment she saw it, she would reveal many things and express the truest thoughts in her heart.

But she ultimately dismissed the idea, not because she thought it would be bad to sound out Ma'am Hermit, but because this was a matter of responsibility to both herself and the Tarot Club, and she shouldn't make decisions for Mr. Fool.

If "He" wanted Ma'am Hermit to recognize the Card of Blasphemy, "He" definitely would've flipped it open himself. If "He" didn't want to do so, then any attempts would be against his will... Audrey nodded solemnly but almost imperceptibly.

At this moment, The World replied hoarsely, "If you're certain that you want it, then I will give it to you as soon as possible.

"The price is 1,800 pounds."

Normally, it would be more appropriate to charge 1,200 to 1,500 pounds for a Psychiatrist's Beyonder characteristic, but Klein had raised the premium slightly to see how much Miss Justice could pay.

"Alright," Audrey agreed with a light tone.

She had repaid the money owed to Viscount Glaint. She had received many coming-of-age gifts after returning to her family's fief. It was a time when her finances were in rather good shape. She had even arranged for the money to be returned to Mr. Fool's Blessed next month.

In the future, her monthly income would be above 3,000 pounds, and a substantial portion of her ordinary expenses would not be hers to bear, due to the love of her parents and the results of her previous meritorious exploits.

While the two were discussing, The Hanged Man was somewhat surprised. The World had just sold the Faceless Beyonder characteristic the previous time, and he had recently acquired Steel Maveti's Beyonder characteristic. Yet, he appeared to have a Psychiatrist characteristic in his collection, and all of this happened in less than a month!

On second thought, Alger quickly understood.

The World represented a group of Blessed of Mr. Fool. That might be the harvest from the other Blessed!

As he imagined this, The World, who was Klein, was shocked by Miss Justice's wealth.

He had thought that Miss Justice, who had just spent 5,500 pounds on a mystical item, wouldn't be as well-off as before. It was just like last year, so he had left room for her to bargain. Who knew that she would still agree to the deal without hesitation.

Has she dug up a gold mine? Klein couldn't help but silently lampoon.

Seeing that they had finished their discussion, Derrick hurriedly raised his hand, having learned from Miss Justice.

"Which one of you has the fruit of the Radiance Spirit Pact Tree?"

He had rather successfully collected the other ingredients of the Solar High Priest potion.

Just as Cattleya had initially figured out that Miss Justice was a prospective Psychiatrist, she heard this request. After a few seconds of silence, she said, "I do.

"What can you provide in exchange?"

After observing for a long time, she decided to intervene in a small transaction to gain a deeper understanding of how the Tarot Club operated.

"Uh... I can use the history of the City of Silver or the history of dragons, elves, and other dark creatures to barter," Derrick said sincerely. "Ma'am Hermit, this is a list of common monsters around the City of Silver. You can choose any ingredients you need from it."

How honest... Klein almost looked up at the dome of the magnificent palace.

What is he talking about... Cattleya frowned slightly, momentarily failing to understand a single word from The Sun.

Chapter 569: A Straw Will Show Which Way the Wind Blows

After a brief moment of consideration, The Hermit Cattleya made the choice that benefited her the most. She said without betraying her emotions, "I'll make a decision after seeing what the common monsters are around the City of Silver."

Another person who profits without risking anything herself... Are the people who spend too much time at sea good at taking advantage of others? Or is Little Sun in such a state that makes it impossible to resist taking advantage of him... Klein instinctively excluded himself from the group of seafarers.

"Alright." Under everyone's scrutiny, Derrick didn't hesitate to agree to Ma'am Hermit's request.

He recalled the content and conjured it, compiling a list of the most common monsters around the City of Silver. However, it wasn't as detailed as before, and there were quite a few omissions. After all, the Sun pathway's improvement to his memory was rather limited, and a few days had passed.

Cattleya obtained the piece of information and read it seriously.

The more she scanned it, the more alarmed she became. This was because the types of monsters had far exceeded her expectations by nearly a hundred times!

Most of the names used were ancient. Had she not been a member of the Moses Ascetic Order who had been pursued by knowledge, and had she not reached Sequence 5 and become experienced and knowledgeable, there was no way she could've known what these names referred to.

But even so, there were still a few monsters she had never heard of. They were like shadows that would never reveal themselves in dreams or imaginations, forever lurking in the depths of the darkness.

Where exactly is the City of Silver? Why are there so many monsters? Ten seconds later, Cattleya raised her head without a change in expression. She said evenly, "Trade me the history of your City of Silver."

"Alright." Derrick's eyes lit up as he seemed to see hope in advancing.

He soon conjured the historical materials of the City of Silver with Mr. Fool's help. Having had ample experience, he knew that more complete and detailed information would be worth more than the fruit of a Radiance Spirit Pact Tree; hence, he retained some of what he knew.

Cattleya knew that she wasn't Mr. Fool, so it was impossible for her to let the members patiently wait for her to finish reading. Therefore, she casually flipped through it. After confirming its value, she deliberated and asked, "How should I hand over the fruit of the Radiance Spirit Pact Tree to you?"

Just as she said that, she suddenly thought of something. With a guess, she looked to the end of the long bronze table.

"Mr. Fool, is it done by a sacrificial ritual?"

This left Audrey, who had prepared the answer, visibly stunned. She swallowed the words she had been about to say.

Ma'am Hermit is very impressive and knowledgeable. She directly guessed that it's done via a sacrificial and bestowment ritual! Audrey controlled her minute facial expressions as she clicked her tongue and sighed inwardly.

"Yes." Klein gently nodded without going into detail.

He believed that a pirate admiral and Sequence 5 powerhouse of the Mystery Pryer pathway would surely know how to conduct a sacrifice. This was one of the pathway's specialties. Furthermore, she knew The Fool's honorific name, so she didn't lack any of the necessary conditions.

Indeed, with a godlike existence bearing witness to a gathering, a sacrificial and bestowment method is the safest and most convenient way of trading... And communication between Soul Bodies can result in direct knowledge transfer... Cattleya thanked him before saying to The Sun, "I'll do it as soon as possible."

Although she showed nothing unusual, her heart was anything but calm. From her casual flipping of the information provided by The Sun, she discovered that the City of Silver was truly filled with oddities.

It described how they had been forsaken by the Lord and had no sun, leaving them in eternal darkness illuminated only by high- and low-frequency lightning; how strange and terrifying monsters hid in the darkness when there was no light; how they survived thanks to Black-Faced Grass; and how they had endured for more than two thousand years since the Dark Ages. All of this exceeded Cattleya's expectations.

As a powerhouse at sea who was knowledgeable and had acquired many secrets, she instantly connected the time and descriptions to a famous concept in history--the Cataclysm!

Following that, she followed this line of thought and made a further inference.

The Forsaken Land of God!

Suddenly, the figure she looked up to surfaced in Cattleya's mind once again. A sentence laden with emotion surfaced.

"He had always been searching for the Forsaken Land of God back when he was alive. He said that the ultimate answer to everything is hidden there."

The Sun comes from the Forsaken Land of God that Emperor Roselle couldn't find despite all his efforts? Mr. Fool can connect to that place directly? No, perhaps, "He" awoke from that place... Cattleya thought in alarm and solemnity.

She had previously belittled the Tarot Club because The Moon, Justice, and The Sun were of low Sequences. She believed that, since Mr. Fool had awakened only recently, he was obviously unable to draw in powerful members. However, she now had to reevaluate matters.

It involves the Forsaken Land of God, the Church of Storms, the Church of the Earth Mother, the Loen aristocrats... Perhaps, it's precisely because they're low Sequences that these members can be nurtured to be able to reach higher ranks in their respective circles without arousing suspicion. This will allow them to play a more important role... As for me, is it because of the Moses Ascetic Order or Her Majesty? Cattleya seriously analyzed the motives of Mr. Fool.

At this moment, the transactions were nearly over. The Moon, The Sun, and Justice had all confirmed their respective transactions. As for The Hermit Cattleya, she was still observing. Out of caution, she didn't rashly speak to expose more information about herself.

Alger had originally planned on making a request to buy the Sequence 5 Ocean Songster's potion formula so that he could make the subsequent preparations, but with the addition of The Hermit, he became especially wary. He gave up on his decision at the last minute and prepared to push it back until he had actually advanced to Wind-blessed. Only after growing stronger would he have room to maneuver.

As Fors would be able to obtain the Astrologer potion formula and a certain amount of ingredients from her teacher soon, she had no purchases to prioritize yet, so all she did was watch silently.

She actually curbed her desire to buy a mystical item to compensate for her relatively flashy but weak Trickmaster powers and the fact that her Apprentice powers were only good for passing through walls and opening doors. However, her real-life circumstances restricted her desires.

By then, her savings had exceeded 400 pounds. For a member of the middle-class, that was rather good, but she clearly remembered how Miss Justice had bought a mystical item for 5,500 pounds previously.

Even if it was a relatively average mystical item without significant negative side effects, it would still cost one to two thousand pounds... Fors languidly sat there, unable to open her mouth to make a purchase.

Klein controlled The World to scan his surroundings before hoarsely saying, "I need a pair of eyes from a six-winged gargoyle."

The supplementary ingredients of a Marionettist--drago bark and the spring water from Sonia Island's Golden Spring--were commonly seen items in the mysterious world. As long as he purchased them on different occasions, he wouldn't garner suspicion from anyone. Therefore, Klein only requested the eyes of a six-winged gargoyle.

The Hermit glanced at The World and said without rushing, "300 pounds, or the equivalent cost in gold coins."

She had noticed that the previous transactions were all made in Loen's gold pound.

As expected of the Admiral of Stars who has a pirate crew with an ancient faction backing her. She is very resourceful, and her prices are cheaper than usual... If not for Little Sun's imminent advancement, and how he would soon obtain the method for removing the mental corruption of a Beyonder characteristic, I would've even consulted her on this problem... Klein thought as he made The World chuckle hoarsely.

"Okay."

With the transaction completed, the palace that resembled a giant's residence fell silent for more than ten seconds.

Without Mr. Fool's reminder, Justice, The Sun, and company knew that they had entered the free-exchange portion.

The Hanged Man Alger deliberately looked at Miss Justice and Miss Magician without looking at Ma'am Hermit.

"Something major recently happened in the Rorsted Archipelago."

He didn't plan on divulging The World's involvement since it was very likely that Mr. Fool was in possession of the Sea God's identity. If he were to rashly confirm this matter, it might spoil Mr. Fool's plans and place him in danger.

He planned to mention the publicly known events in a normal tone while emphasizing the Moses Ascetic Order member, archaeologist, and adventurer Leticia. He would use this to sound out The Hermit and determine whether she was Admiral of Stars Cattleya. This was because this pirate admiral was rumored to also be a member of the Moses Ascetic Order.

"What happened?" Justice asked with keen interest.

Alger said calmly, "An archaeologist in disguise, Leticia, discovered an ancient elven ruin in Symeem Island and took out an item from it. This drove the deity the locals believed in, Sea God Kalvetua, to be on the brink of collapse.

"This fake god wished to create tsunamis to drown the island so that everyone would accompany it in death, but it was stopped by the Church of Storms' Sea King.

"Finally, Leticia was found and Kalvetua died. The threat of the tsunamis was eliminated, but strangely, the devout believers of the Sea God would still occasionally receive responses."

Leticia is dead? For an ancient elven ruin... Cattleya had heard of this archaeologist, who was part of the same organization, before, but she wasn't too familiar with her. This was because formal members of the Moses Ascetic Order had to spend periods in silent ascetic training. When fully paying attention, she was able to control her powers in a way that significantly exceeded the average person. Therefore, she only seemed slightly stirred as she listened seriously to The Hanged Man's description without showing any obvious abnormalities.

When The Hanged Man said that Kalvetua was dead and how the "Sea God" still responded to its believers, Cattleya first frowned in puzzlement before using her spiritual intuition to recall a certain scene.

Yesterday, she had seen Mr. Fool hold a milky-white scepter when "He" pulled her above the gray fog.

At the tip of the scepter were many tiny blue "gems" which were swirling with countless points of holy light.

And more importantly, it emanated an aura of godhood, one that seemed like the tangible aura of the ocean and storm!

This... Cattleya instinctively turned her head to the end of the long bronze table, where Mr. Fool was shrouded in the grayish-white fog.

Chapter 570: Not Admitting or Denying

Eh, why is she looking at Mr. Fool... Audrey sharply noticed The Hermit's subtle motion. This left her somewhat suspicious.

From her point of view, this was an unusual response. Mr. Hanged Man was clearly mentioning something that had little to do with everyone. He was talking about the so-called Sea God Kalvetua's ability to occasionally respond to its believers despite its apparent death, so why would Ma'am Hermit look toward Mr. Fool?

Kalvetua's death... Occasionally responding to its believers... Ma'am Hermit is looking at Mr. Fool... Could it be... Audrey's eyes lit up as she reached a conclusion.

Could it be that Mr. Fool is the one replying to Kalvetua's believers?

Ma'am Hermit knows about this, but how?

As thoughts raced through her mind, Audrey had turned her body halfway to look expectantly at Mr. Fool, who was seated leisurely at the end of the long bronze table.

Meanwhile, Alger was also surprised and alarmed about The Hermit's unexpected reaction.

I was only trying to sound her out about what connection she has with the Moses Ascetic Order member, Leticia. Why would she suddenly turn to look at Mr. Fool?

Could it be that she knows that the current "Sea God" is a manifestation of Mr. Fool?

Her reaction implies this is highly likely!

Before she was recruited into the Tarot Club, did she have many secret exchanges with Mr. Fool? Was she already secretly working for him?

The more Alger thought, the more he paid attention to The Hermit. Then, he subconsciously joined her in looking at Mr. Fool, who was shrouded in the grayish-white fog.

He, The Hermit, and Justice turned around at different times, but their nearly unanimous actions made The Magician Fors and company notice something amiss.

Why are they looking at Mr. Fool? Does Sea God Kalvetua's death have to do with Mr. Fool? Believing they were smart, Fors and Emlyn began guessing at the reason as they turned their gazes to the end of the long bronze table.

Derrick didn't know who Sea God Kalvetua was, nor did he understand what it meant for it to respond to its believers even after its death. However, since everyone was looking at Mr. Fool, he naturally looked over as well.

The World was late by a second, as though he was deliberating over something.

He first scanned The Hanged Man, making him shudder in fear. Then, he changed the direction of his gaze.

At this point, Klein had already realized which detail Ma'am Hermit had used to guess that he was the one responding to Sea God Kalvetua's believers in its place. He was still uncertain what stance to take.

Should I pretend that it's a trivial matter and that I didn't take it to heart, but since you mentioned it, I'll just admit it casually? Or should I take the stance that since I'm a god, there's no need for me to explain myself to you, so there's no need for me to admit or deny anything... Klein recalled The Fool's persona and quickly made a decision.

The choice was to neither admit nor deny anything, thereby preserving his stature as a god. However, he would offer a single pertinent sentence, making those who had not guessed it become more puzzled, while those who suspected the truth would be enlightened but would still be left shrouded in confusion as they realized, deep down, how unfathomable Mr. Fool was.

With this in mind, Klein, who had leaned back, chuckled. He said leisurely and indifferently, "Kalvetua became a demigod by relying on a relic left behind by Calamity Cohinem."

So they're consulting Mr. Fool about the situation with the "Sea God"... But that doesn't convince me. It feels like there's a deeper truth hidden behind this matter... Could it be... No way, right? Fors frowned as she began coming up with all sorts of thoughts.

As expected! Cattleya believed Mr. Fool was giving a straightforward answer while also informing them of some secrets.

That demigod scepter is either Kalvetua's characteristic or Calamity Cohinem's relic--or perhaps something that covers both definitions? Who is Calamity Cohinem? The name sounds elven. Yes, The Hanged Man mentioned that Leticia found an ancient elven ruin... It's the residence of a high elf?

How did Mr. Fool get that scepter? Did he rely on The Hanged Man or someone else? No, it doesn't seem like The Hanged Man; otherwise, he wouldn't have proactively mentioned this matter... What motive does Mr. Fool have behind responding to the Sea God's believers? Is this required for "His" awakening, something that can truly affect reality?

The more Cattleya thought, the more unfathomable she found Mr. Fool. It was just like how "His" body was concealed by the thick gray fog. The more clearly she could see him, the more puzzled, horrified, and apprehensive she became.

This might be a tussle between gods... Cattleya sighed inwardly as emotion overcame her.

I guessed right! Alger finally verified that the present "Sea God" was a manifestation of The Fool. His worries and indecision from before were instantly rewarded.

On certain occasions, as a fake Sea God believer, I can openly pray... I wonder how much Mr. Fool has recovered. How much of his power can he release from the seal? It's at least at the demigod level. He will be able to provide tremendous protection at sea...

The Hermit's unsurprised reaction implies that she had long interacted with Mr. Fool and had learned of certain things ahead of time. This implies that her Sequence isn't low. She might really be a powerhouse at the pirate admiral level... This is both good and bad news for me.

The good news is that I have an additional powerful faction at sea supporting me. At times, we can tacitly cooperate and complete matters that were previously deemed unimaginable. The bad news is that many of my news and resource channels will be overshadowed by hers. My value to the Tarot Club will drastically decline. Of course, that's under the premise that she really is Admiral of Stars.

Yes, I have to shift my focus away from gathering news and resources and toward the Church. This is something she can't supplant me in, Alger thought with both joy and wariness.

That Sea God is really Mr. Fool! No, no, no, it should be said that the present Sea God is Mr. Fool's manifestation! "He" has truly begun interfering with the real world? This is great! In the future, I can pray to Sea God directly and receive a response when I'm out traveling at sea? Audrey felt surprised, overjoyed, and proud.

According to what she knew, the Churches didn't perform fixed ritualistic magic internally. Those who received responses solely by praying to the deities were mainly priests or those favored by chance; otherwise, they were Blessed, who numbered only a handful.

Those who received a response to every prayer would be extreme exceptions, even among Blessed.

But I can! Mr. Fool is returning to his throne, one step at a time. Replacing Sea God is one of those steps... Audrey didn't hide the changes in her emotions as she smiled, sitting straight and elegantly.

Cohinem? That's an elf's name. I think I've heard someone mention it before... Emlyn attempted to recall, but it was in vain.

As for Kalvetua's death, how the "Sea God" still responded to its believers, and why The Hermit, Justice, and The Hanged Man had looked at Mr. Fool, he had formed a rough guess without thinking too deeply about the matter.

What has this got to do with me? It doesn't affect my mission to save the Sanguine, nor is it anything of interest! Anyway, I can just pray to Mr. Fool if there are any problems! Emlyn mumbled to himself, showing disdain toward the emotional changes the others had.

Calamity? Queen of Calamity? But there are no records that say that her name is Cohinem... Derrick turned his head to the left very slightly, a habitual tic he did when he recalled things.

From the looks of it, Little Sun isn't sure if Cohinem is the Queen of Calamity; otherwise, he wouldn't have such a reaction... Klein retracted his gaze in disappointment.

He controlled The World to cough, pulling everyone back from their thoughts.

Following that, The World conjured a picture with The Fool's help. He showed it to both sides of the table and asked, "Does anyone know her?"

It was a picture of the red-haired Helene. Klein mainly wanted to know if Admiral of Stars Cattleya or The Hanged Man Alger knew her. After all, they were well-informed people out at sea.

Alger glanced at it, and just as he was about to say that he didn't know her, he heard Ma'am Hermit say in a deep voice, "Red-haired Helene. She's from a fallen noble family and has the bloodline of Intis's Sauron family."

Cattleya paused before adding, "She once worked as a maritime trader, but she was later said to have been abducted by Ailment Maiden Tracy."

Abducted by Ailment Maiden Tracy? I thought it would be some melodramatic tale about a domineering pirate and a noble lady... However, Tracy can be considered a domineering pirate. Heh heh... Klein instantly connected several facts.

Fors was still lost in her thoughts over the connection between Sea God and The Fool when she suddenly snapped to her senses. She keenly sensed that rich material lay in red-haired Helene and Vice Admiral Ailment's story as she began to spin out a story in her mind.

To her regret, Ma'am Hermit had only said a few sentences without continuing.

The Hermit knows Vice Admiral Ailment... However, that doesn't imply anything. Beyonders of a certain Sequence or knowledgeable people will know who the seven pirate admirals are. Their bounty posters are everywhere... Hmm, The Hermit is rather aware of affairs in Intis. This is something that can be determined for now... The Hanged Man wasn't interested in red-haired Helene, only The Hermit's real identity.

With red-haired Helene's matter coming to a close, Audrey began considering if she should consult the others about the mind dragon.

Unlike before, Ma'am Hermit had now joined, and her character was unknown and her allegiances dubious. This left Audrey hesitant.

After a brief deliberation, she said, "I recently sought out traces of a mind dragon and went to a place with a tradition of worshiping dragons."

She had concealed the exact location as the details might implicate her.

Chapter 571: Heavy Pressure

Audrey only mentioned the ancient folk song without describing its contents in detail. She was afraid that the knowledgeable Ma'am Hermit would be able to pinpoint the location.

She only mentioned the inspiration she had received and how she used a Psychological Cue to remain lucid in her dream before beginning her mystical journey.

Psychological Cue? She knows how to plant a psychological cue? She's likely a Sequence 7 Psychiatrist... Cattleya instinctively made that judgment, but she immediately became even more perplexed.

Then why would she be buying the Beyonder characteristic of a Psychiatrist?

Taking the same potion provides only a limited increase in strength while raising the risk of losing control. Furthermore, it will hinder the digestion of the potion...

To create a mystical item? But its abilities would overlap with her own Beyonder powers. There's no value in that.

To give it to someone else?

While Cattleya was busy guessing, Audrey described her chaotic dream and how she had reached the edge of her consciousness. Then, using the conjuring method she had learned from Mr. Fool, she created a descending staircase and slowly ventured into the depths of her consciousness.

She didn't describe in detail the various points of light in her subconscious, as it involved embarrassing secrets she didn't wish to share.

She focused on her long, lonely journey with no end in sight. She also described the various monsters hidden in the surrounding gray haze and the immense pressure they placed on her. She mentioned how she had nearly broken down several times and had barely endured thanks to her Beyonder powers. Finally, she arrived at the illusory Sea of Collective Subconscious.

Through Audrey's coherent, unhurried narration, the memory imprints of humanity's pioneers and the diffusion and reflection of the surrounding creatures' consciousnesses unfolded before them. She then focused on the dragon with gray stone scales that had flown out of the Sea of Collective Subconscious.

There's a dragon living in the Sea of Collective Subconscious? What a magical and beautiful journey! Although Miss Justice didn't encounter any enemies or danger, it still feels rather surreal... Fors suddenly thought of a book title: "Miss Justice's Dream Tour."

After concluding her account, Audrey looked around and asked, "Ladies and gentlemen, do you have any suggestions? Do you think Liveseyd, the dragons' City of Miracles, is also hidden in the Sea of Collective Subconscious?

"If I wish to continue searching, what should I take note of? What advanced preparations do I need to make?"

The Hanged Man Alger glanced at The Hermit and said solemnly, "I don't think you should continue exploring.

"It's a very dangerous act.

"According to the records, most dragons, including Mind Dragons, are creatures of flesh and blood. For the dragon you saw to survive and swim through the so-called Sea of Collective Subconscious, it must be of a sufficiently high Sequence. At the very least, it's at the demigod level.

"Before you reach Sequence 5, it's best that you don't consider this."

Cattleya nodded and said, "There are many other dangers in the Sea of Collective Subconscious: humanity's accumulated malicious thoughts, desires capable of corrupting Soul Bodies, and terrifying memories from ancient times that resemble storms and waves at sea. Any of them could cause you severe psychological damage and prevent you from ever waking up.

"Besides, it is the Sea of Collective Subconscious of all living creatures, not just humans. Evil spirits, evil gods, or the consciousnesses of terrifying existences might be hidden there. They're like gigantic maelstroms capable of devouring ships.

"Before you truly acquire Beyonder powers that allow you to travel through the Sea of Collective Subconscious, it's best not to venture too deeply."

Audrey, who had been filled with anticipation, was disappointed. However, she had to admit that Mr. Hanged Man and Ma'am Hermit had spoken with reason and sincerity.

She silently inhaled and said to herself, Audrey, don't be headstrong. Wait till you're Sequence 5 before making the attempt again!

She gave no thought to how difficult it was to become a Sequence 5. At that level, one could even contend for a place among the seven pirate admirals, turning the seven into eight.

From Audrey's point of view, with Mr. Fool and the Tarot Club, as long as she was careful and calm, she would definitely be able to successfully attain that level in a year or two if she didn't take unnecessary risks.

Only the threshold of demigodhood would be difficult to cross!

Ma'am Hermit knows a lot and is very knowledgeable... Audrey clung to the last sliver of hope and looked toward Mr. Fool at the end of the table, hoping that this godlike existence would provide a suggestion that was different from Mr. Hanged Man or Ma'am Hermit.

Don't look at me... I have no idea! Klein tried his best not to blink.

His understanding of consciousness, the subconscious, and the collective subconscious remained limited to the theories Spirit Medium Daly had described. He knew nothing beyond that. Despite frequently having his dreams invaded, he had never thought of exploring the world beyond a dream while lucid. How could he offer Miss Justice any advice?

In fact, he had a natural idea regarding this. However, he wasn't sure if it would work without having done any verification.

In the past, even when he lacked confidence, he could make a vague comment. But now, with Admiral of Stars Cattleya sitting to the side and watching, the more he said, the more likely he was to make a mistake. The less he said, the fewer mistakes he would make, and silence left no room for error.

What a stressful new member... Klein sighed inwardly. He didn't say a word and maintained his faint smile.

If he hadn't been above the gray fog in the form of a Spirit Body, he suspected that such demanding acting would have made the muscles around his eyes spasm.

Mr. Fool doesn't have any suggestions... Audrey withdrew her gaze dejectedly and stopped fantasizing about exploring the Sea of Collective Subconscious anytime soon.

At this moment, The Moon Emlyn, who had grown impatient, cleared his throat.

"I've seriously researched the history handed down by us Sanguine..."

Sanguine... He really is a vampire... Nurturing vampires and drawing them into the Church truly is a tradition of the Church of Earth Mother... Cattleya nodded, appearing to listen attentively.

Meanwhile, she felt that some of her conclusions needed to be revised.

The Moon openly revealed his identity... Does this mean Mr. Fool is so powerful a deterrent, even in the outside world, that the members aren't afraid of information leaking?

It seems like I don't have to completely hide my circumstances...

Emlyn paused and looked at The Sun before tipping his chin.

"Before the Cataclysm, there was no City of Silver, only the Kingdom of Silver!"

If it were anyone else who had thrown such doubt on him, Derrick would've hastened to retort, expressing the fact that the people of the City of Silver were descendants of the Kingdom of Silver and that he hadn't lied. However, after glancing at Mr. Moon and sensing his smugness, Derrick turned his head to the side, feeling that an explanation was beneath him.

Why should I care whether an arrogant vampire who refuses to acknowledge the City of Silver's history believes me? he thought.

From his reaction, Emlyn could tell that the City of Silver was indeed connected to the Kingdom of Silver. He tsked and said, "The Kingdom of Silver didn't originally worship Giant King Aurmir, but 'His' queen, Omebella."

Omebella? Derrick turned his head and blurted out, "Our City of Silver has no records of this matter, nor are there any records of a queen named Omebella."

Emlyn chuckled and spread out his hands.

"That's why, there's nothing wrong with me saying that your City of Silver's history is flawed and incomplete, right?

"Clearly, there are mistakes in your records of Sanguine history."

... You took such a roundabout way to prove this... Should I say that a vampire like you has clear logic, or that you're someone who bears grudges? Klein held back his laughter and stopped himself from sizing up Emlyn White.

The Moon and The Sun's debate benefited him greatly, allowing him to know that the Giant Queen, the Goddess of Harvest, was named Omebella.

The Sun Derrick was just about to give a retort to Mr. Moon when he heard Ma'am Hermit speak.

"Omebella is the Goddess of Harvest from the Second Epoch. She's also the queen of the Giant King's Court.

"Legend has it that she perished at the end of the Second Epoch, but it's impossible to verify since no one has seen her corpse or relics."

The Goddess of Harvest really is named Omebella... Derrick was stunned. He wanted to retort, but he couldn't say a word. This proved that the City of Silver's historical records had several gaps, leaving him feeling aggrieved.

Seeing this, Emlyn felt a surge of satisfaction from the depths of his heart.

After another round of exchanges, the Tarot Gathering came to an end. Klein smiled and said, "Everyone, we shall meet next week."

"By your will." Audrey immediately got up to bow.

The others weren't any slower, including The Hermit Cattleya.

Upon returning to reality, Admiral of Stars Cattleya looked at the shattered celestial globe on her desk. She then seriously recalled what had happened at the gathering.

Several details led her to believe that the Tarot Club was involved in many significant matters. Hidden deep within the gray fog was Mr. Fool. Like The World, who was concealed behind dense shadows, "He" was inscrutable and unfathomable. No one knew what "He" was planning.

After more than ten seconds of silence, Cattleya took out a pen and paper and wrote after careful deliberation: "Someone has been deliberately collecting the Emperor's diary pages."

She didn't dare to expose any information that involved the Tarot Club, as she was afraid of being punished by Mr. Fool. All she could do was give a warning about matters that could be discovered under ordinary circumstances.

After she was done writing and folding the letter, she took out a golden, exquisite harmonica she carried with her. Putting it to her lips, she blew it.

In the blink of an eye, she saw the letter strangely vanish.

Even though she wasn't wearing her glasses, she was unable to discover the arrival of the messenger.

Phew... Cattleya sighed, touched her forehead, and thought, The pressure of attending a gathering under a god's supervision is truly immense.

With Admiral of Stars joining, the pressure on me as The Fool has increased tremendously... Klein rubbed his temples above the gray fog and returned directly to the real world.

He wanted to attempt the inspiration Miss Justice had received from exploring her dreams.

Chapter 572: Recite My Name

After finishing a series of chores, Klein opened his locked bedroom door and looked into the living room. He saw Danitz sleeping soundly on a reclining chair.

Although he had heard the snoring long ago, Klein couldn't help remarking inwardly, It's not even four in the afternoon!

Has this guy completely let his hair down now that he doesn't need to monitor the radio transceiver?

With a thought, he gradually smiled, feeling that this was exactly what he needed.

The times he had remained lucid in dreams involved someone invading his consciousness. His ordinary dreams were a muddled mess, which meant he couldn't complete the experiment alone. After all, he couldn't plant a psychological cue in himself.

Therefore, he planned on using external forces to enter the dreams of others. This way, he could maintain his lucidity like a Nightmare.

He had originally planned to go out and find a suitable target, but Danitz was lying there so invitingly that Klein could hardly resist kicking him.

No, I should be experimenting... Klein corrected his thoughts.

After a moment's consideration, he decided not to use a Dream Charm. As a Sequence 7 Pyromaniac, known in ancient times as a Fire Mage, Danitz possessed considerable spiritual perception. The moment Klein softly chanted an incantation capable of stirring the powers of nature, Danitz would certainly wake up.

As such, it would be a question of whether he could evade the matter in a timely fashion.

After some deliberation, Klein took out another thing he had prepared. It was a gem-like object that seemed dark and deep; it was the Beyonder characteristic left behind by a Nightmare.

Like Marionettist Rosago's All-Black Eye, it could be used to a certain extent, though its effects were inferior to those of a mystical item. For example, this Nightmare Beyonder characteristic couldn't allow Klein to enter the dreams of someone across the city from his inn suite or forcibly pull people into a dream. However, it could still perform the most basic form of dream intrusion at close range.

Klein held the dark "gem" and spread out his spirituality.

Illusory darkness rapidly spread across his vision, blanketing everything before him, including Danitz.

There was no longer a humanoid figure but an ellipsoidal blob of light.

Klein immediately extended his spirituality out and made contact with it.

Without warning, various scenes flooded his surroundings and flashed past rapidly. Finally, they settled on a ship dozens of meters long. It had a smoke-belching chimney and large, fully raised sails. Its deck was polished to an unusual shine, gleaming like a gold coin in the sunlight.

Danitz stood under the main cannon as he had his arms crossed. He was leisurely ordering the sailors about, shouting from time to time, "Scrub that area again!

"Dogshit, do you wish to copy down the ancient Feysac dictionary?"

This fellow is quite impressive on the Golden Dream... Klein ignored the owner of the dream and flew to the other end of the ship. He found a hidden spot and landed on the deck before preparing to test his spiritual perception.

What he planned to test was simple. He wanted to know whether chanting The Fool's honorific name in a dream was effective and whether he could sense the prayer!

This way, if Miss Justice encounters danger in the Sea of Collective Subconscious, she can use this method to seek help... After straightening his back, Klein's expression gradually turned solemn as he softly said, "The Fool that doesn't belong to this era.

"The mysterious ruler above the gray fog.

"The King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck."

Speaking in Hermes, he quickly finished reciting The Fool's honorific name. However, Klein didn't hear the expected series of illusory pleas.

It doesn't work? Klein frowned in thought. He analyzed whether it was really impossible, or if he had made a mistake somewhere.

Yes... Chanting in the dream doesn't actually produce any noise. Relying on Hermes alone isn't sufficient... To achieve the effects of praying, I'll have to use a language like ancient Hermes that can stir the powers of nature. This is the same state as me copying the account password of my anonymous account... Klein nodded slightly and began to chant his honorific name in ancient Hermes.

He wasn't afraid of an accident, but he was concerned that stirring the powers of nature would wake Blazing Danitz.

He recited each word, quickly finishing the three sentences. Following that, Klein heard the stacked series of irritable and illusory pleas.

At that moment, Danitz's dream quivered as the Golden Dream quickly disintegrated.

Klein didn't linger and immediately left, returning to his bedroom before Danitz woke up.

Seven or eight seconds later, Danitz sat up in confusion and muttered fearfully, Why did I dream of that madman Gehrman Sparrow causing trouble on the Golden Dream...

What a terrifying matter!

Dogshit! It must be the result of me worrying over this matter all this time!

Inside the bedroom, Klein had already taken four steps counterclockwise and gone above the gray fog. Without any surprises, he saw a rippling light by The Fool's high-back chair. In it was the scene of him in the dream.

It really works. One can still receive a response by chanting The Fool's honorific name in a language such as ancient Hermes or Jotun! No wonder some people might suddenly die in their sleep despite doing nothing. Perhaps they read certain materials or memorized certain symbols during the day, then accidentally reproduced them in a dream? The dangers in this world truly are impossible to guard against... Klein dispelled the rippling light and considered whether he should inform Miss Justice of the experiment's results.

Informing her only afterward instead of mentioning it on the spot is somewhat damaging to The Fool's image... But Miss Justice is an intensely curious girl. Although Mr. Hanged Man and Admiral of Stars have warned her, and even though she's more mature now, she might still take the risk... Of course, if anything happens, it will be her own responsibility and have nothing to do with me... Klein couldn't help recalling Miss Justice's adoration of The Fool, the joy her optimism and cheerfulness brought him, and all her contributions to the Tarot Club.

Finally, he sighed and said in a self-deprecating manner, "I still need to inform her and give a warning.

"This is the treatment a VIP gets..."

After making the decision, Klein didn't hesitate to spread out his spirituality to touch the crimson star representing Miss Justice.

In a room in the vast manor in East Chester County, Audrey had her legs leaning sideways as she sat before her dressing table. She was recalling the words Mr. Hanged Man and Ma'am Hermit had said.

After being warned by two senior Beyonders, she suddenly realized something. It wasn't that the middle and upper echelons of the Psychology Alchemists were unaware that one could use a self-induced psychological cue to explore dreams, the iceberg of the subconscious, and the Sea of Collective Subconscious.

They didn't tell me because it's too dangerous for a Psychiatrist. Many people have probably died during such explorations... But they should've warned me... Ah, right. From their perspective, I'm only a Sequence 8 Telepathist. I don't possess the power of Psychological Cue, so there was no need to warn me... Audrey finally understood the perplexing situation.

Just as she was about to let Susie enter the room to calm the disappointment in her heart, she suddenly saw thick gray fog spew out, instantly flooding her vision.

In the middle of the endless grayish-white, a figure sat in a high-back chair. Looking down at her, it said, "Do not make attempts without careful consideration."

Before Audrey realized what was happening, she heard the deep and majestic voice sound out again.

"If you encounter dangers in your dreams, you can recite my name."

Recite your name? Audrey's eyes widened as she became overjoyed.

"Yes, Mr. Fool."

Seeing that Miss Justice was excited instead of showing any doubts, Klein secretly heaved a sigh of relief and chuckled.

"Use ancient Hermes."

With that said, his figure faded away and the gray fog vanished.

Audrey sat there stunned for two seconds before hurriedly pursing her lips, afraid that she wasn't on her best behavior.

Mr. Fool personally warned me! He even permitted me to recite "His" name in my dreams! Audrey excitedly paced several steps, believing that she had truly become a Blessed of God.

Of course, she also remembered Mr. Fool's warning. She planned to understand more from the Psychology Alchemists and make another attempt only when she was sufficiently prepared.

The corners of her mouth curled up slightly as she randomly tapped her chest, saying silently, "May Mr. Fool watch over me~"

Above the gray fog, Klein began to consider another matter.

Red-haired Helene, who had a reward worth 1,000 pounds, was actually related to Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy!

Tracy took over Qilangos's crew and changed his flagship to the Black Death. As for Qilangos, he previously plundered a tycoon named Jimmy Necker... That tycoon had previously obtained parts of Death's chronicles. It came from a Balam royal family's mausoleum... This information came from that Nightmare inside Creeping Hunger. It should benefit Mr. Azik to a certain extent. I can also investigate the matter in passing... Klein found another reason to look forward to finding red-haired Helene.

He originally planned on using the magic mirror, Arrodes, to find her, but now, he planned on mobilizing Sea God believers to perform a search.

In the past, sending a revelation over a mere 1,000 pounds would've seemed rather demeaning. But now that a pirate admiral is involved, people might at least assume there are hidden motives behind it... Klein conjured an image of red-haired Helene and summoned the Sea God Scepter.

He had never issued a revelation on such a scale, so it might place a burden on him that he couldn't withstand.

He chose higher-ups like Kalat and Edmonton. With waves reaching high into the sky as a background, he said in a deep voice, "Find her and protect her.

"Be careful of Tracy's forces."

Klein didn't provide further explanations as he broke down this scene along with red-haired Helene's photo into many sets before projecting them into the corresponding dots of light.

Chapter 573: A Lesson from Reality

In a forest on Blue Mountain Island where the Resistance base was located.

Sitting in a wheelchair, Kalat raised his bald head and looked toward the sunlight that was scattering at the cave's entrance. His eyes couldn't hide his joy.

He acutely sensed that ever since God reappeared over the land and stated "His" ten commandments, the previous bloodshed and chaos had changed. From time to time, "He" would provide them with guidance which was filled with wisdom. Furthermore, "He" would observe all creatures and proactively intervene in the situation at sea in a bid to help the Resistance and everyone in Rorsted, allowing them to pass through a difficult, thorny path while still being able to see some hope.

Perhaps this is the true meaning behind "His" reappearance over the land... Kalat recalled the revelation he had just received and guessed that the red-haired woman named Helene was like a fulcrum for Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy and the forces out at sea. She was the key to spoiling the balance between the countries, and only by making the world's affairs more chaotic would the people of Rorsted receive the opportunity of being liberated!

Kalat drew in a breath and quickly set up a ritual to pray to Sea God, conjuring Helene's picture.

After doing all of this, he instinctively turned his head to the side and wore a somewhat mixed expression.

Living in that direction was the high priest of the Church of Sea God, a priest who was a high-ranking member of the Resistance.

Although they don't dare go against the revelations and have made tremendous changes, in many ways, they're still immersed in the past. They're obstinate, conservative, backward, and savage. They refuse to embrace a more civilized Church... If this goes on, they'll one day be abandoned by God... Kalat couldn't hide the smile in his heart while he felt a strong sense of anguish.

After scanning through all the believers' prayers and picking a few to respond to, Klein returned to the real world. He planned on heading out to search for a chance to enact true acting.

When his right hand gripped the door handle, a ridiculous but possible thought came to his mind.

My true goal is not to find red-haired Helene, but to use this opportunity to get to Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy and figure out what happened to tycoon Jimmy Necker, so as to get to know the location of the ancient chronicles of Death.

That is to say, I only need to lure Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy out with red-haired Helene. As for whether she's the real person or not, that doesn't matter.

I can make myself red-haired Helene and let Danitz send me to Strongman Ozil, get the reward, and easily meet Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy.

What an impressive sequence of actions...

Klein suddenly shook his head as he found a reason to reject the idea.

Although I'm a Faceless, I can't accept disguising myself as a woman!

...Could overcoming my inner resistance also be one of the acting principles?

Furthermore, I don't know red-haired Helene. Acting as her wouldn't work. I would just be like her on the surface, and I wouldn't be able to fool people who are familiar with her. That way, I won't be able to meet Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy.

Yes. The person searching for red-haired Helene might not be Tracy, but an enemy of hers.

I don't know Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy's background. Rashly doing such an act would result in immeasurable danger.

It's best to be safe and abide by my wishes. I'll first search for red-haired Helene, and after determining the details, I can consider the subsequent actions.

At that moment, Klein suddenly felt that something was amiss in the living room. Danitz's snoring had softened, and the time between each snore shortened.

Vice Admiral Iceberg is here? Klein turned the handle and opened the door to the bedroom.

While making this silent action, Danitz sat up with his eyes open.

He tried hard to hide his smile as he said, "Captain contacted me.

"She said that Admiral of Blood's crew was sighted at Longtail Island and is continuing south. His destination seems to be the Berserk Sea.

"The source of the news is trustworthy!"

Longtail Island? The island at the southern end of the Rorsted Sea? It appears Admiral of Blood had planned to come to Bayam, but the battle between Kalvetua and Sea King Jahn Kottman frightened him away. He circled the area and headed straight for the Berserk Sea... Yes, it's probably because his intelligence officer, Old Quinn, failed to send a telegram warning him... Klein felt a pang of regret and could only lament that reality changed faster than his plans.

He had planned to make his hunt of Admiral of Blood become the crowning battle of the crazy adventurer and bounty hunter, Gehrman Sparrow.

Killing Steel Maveti alone ultimately lacks the necessary shock and awe... Klein said nothing and calmly looked at Danitz.

Danitz felt a little uneasy from the intent stare as he gave a hollow chuckle.

"Admiral of Blood has fled. Your cooperation with Captain has come to an end, right?

"I can now return to the Golden Dream, right?

"Further developments can be done via your messenger!"

Klein pondered for a moment and took out a piece of paper from his pocket. He scribbled the method to summon his messenger.

Following that, he flicked his wrist, sending the piece of paper out like a metal plate.

Danitz was a Hunter at Sequence 9, so he easily reached out and caught the piece of paper.

He scanned it before a scarlet flame rose in his palms, burning the paper to ashes.

"Haha, even if I forget it, Captain will have a way of making me recall it."

He paused and squeezed out a smile before asking again, "I can now return to the Golden Dream, right?"

Klein nodded slightly and said, "Yes."

I... I can! Danitz held back his urge to pump his fist in celebration, afraid that he would end up antagonizing the madman, Gehrman Sparrow.

He smiled cautiously and said, "I'll first pay off the room for this period of time and buy a ship ticket. As you know, Bayam hasn't been calm recently. Captain doesn't wish for the Golden Dream to dock in this harbor."

At least you know to settle the room bill... Klein maintained his austere demeanor without saying a word. He put on his coat, took his hat, and walked out of the luxurious suite.

When his back disappeared into the corner of a staircase and vanished from Danitz's sight, Danitz shrank back into his room and clenched his fist, pumped it into the air.

"Wonderful! Wonderful!

"I'm finally free!"

He didn't delay in wearing his cap and heading to the front desk of the Wind of Azure Inn to settle the bill. He informed them that this didn't mean that he was checking out.

Danitz quickly hit the streets and ran straight for a place known as the Seaweed Bar. He found the air fresh and invigorating.

After he took a few steps, he suddenly noticed bounty posters pasted along the walls around a bend.

"Blazing Danitz, 5,500 pounds!"

The posters were just two steps away from Danitz--that familiar face allowed for a clear comparison with his cap-wearing face.

Danitz clenched his teeth and revealed a sorrowful smile.

He hurriedly pressed down his cap, nearly concealing his normal line of sight.

But even so, he still felt uneasy. He went to a nearby department store and bought a gray scarf. He wrapped it around his neck and hid his nose and mouth in it.

At this point in time, Danitz relaxed somewhat as he sped up his pace and rushed for his destination.

The Seaweed Bar was a place where gangs gathered. It was common for infamous pirates to appear there.

Although this place wasn't like the Swordfish Bar or Amyris Leaf Bar that allowed access to a lot of information and resources, it had its own unique niche--it had many resourceful secret channels!

What Danitz wanted to do was buy a black-market ticket to Galagos, as this wouldn't need him to provide any identification.

He knew very well that whether in the past or now, his bounty poster would be plastered across all the ticket booths. He had bought the first-class tickets to the White Agate via the same method as well.

After entering the bar, Danitz didn't take off his cap and scarf. He carefully surveyed the area and found Deniel who sold black-market tickets.

He didn't directly approach him and instead retracted his gaze from the thin and somewhat swarthy man who was in his thirties. He began searching for someone unfamiliar.

After a round of choices, Danitz squeezed through the crowd and arrived beside a lad who was drinking at the bar counter. He tapped him on the shoulder and suppressed his voice.

"Do me a favor."

"What?" The lad turned his head warily and ended up seeing a suspicious man. The lower half of his face was covered in a gray scarf and the cap on his head nearly hid his eyes. He revealed almost nothing about his face.

Such an outfit practically announced that he was suspicious!

This was because the Rorsted Archipelago's lowest temperature during the winter was about 10 degrees C!

Danitz pointed at Deniel.

"See that guy over there?

"Buy me a ticket for Galagos tomorrow."

He handed over three one-pound notes and chuckled.

"The rest is yours."

Although a black-market ticket was much more expensive than a retail ticket, Galagos wasn't too far, making three pounds more than sufficient. Of course, this was also because the journey was relatively shorter, and there was no need for him to buy a first-class ticket.

The reason why Danitz didn't buy it himself was because he was worried that Deniel would recognize him, bringing him unwanted trouble.

Back when his bounty was only 3,000 pounds, pirates and adventurers at his level or lower had to consider how many people were needed to take him down. The bounty received wasn't something that could make them forget about their fear of Vice Admiral Iceberg and the risk of losing their lives. Hence, very few people would take the initiative to attack him. As such, his safety was largely guaranteed in such black markets.

But now, his bounty reward had already reached 5,500 pounds. Even if several people joined forces, the amount of money each of them could get was a sizable sum. Furthermore, there were many people out at sea who were desperadoes!

Apart from that, there would be people who found their own bounties too low and wished to prove their strength. These people would definitely challenge a target like Danitz, who was infamous but was of little risk.

It was precisely because of this that Danitz was afraid that Deniel would betray him. Therefore, he hired a random person to buy it on his behalf.

The lad held the cash and gave Danitz another look before rising from his seat. He then walked towards Deniel.

He deliberately slowed as he passed several drunkards and whispered to them.

When Danitz saw this scene, he suddenly became guarded. He thought of a problem--with him acting suspiciously, it was very obvious that there was a problem with him. He was a perfect target for being betrayed.

Heh, do you think my reputation as Blazing was bought? Danitz planned on teaching the lad a lesson after he obtained the ticket.

At this point, he discovered that a familiar figure had walked in. He was an infamous pirate, Blue Eyes Meath, with a bounty of 2,800 pounds.

This pirate clearly knew that the group was planning to betray Danitz.

Blue Eyes Meath still has a few rather powerful subordinates... Danitz didn't hesitate to get up and head for the bar's back door.

His speed increased as he agilely forced himself through the drunkards and escaped from the bar. Then, with his rich counter-tracking skills, he completely escaped from the group of people.

Danitz didn't dare to stay on the streets since it was already dark. The patrolling police and soldiers would begin increasing.

He went straight back to the Wind of Azure Inn and opened the door to the luxurious suite. Inside, he saw Gehrman Sparrow admiring the dusk.

Danitz had a thought as he forced a smile.

"There's something. I forgot to mention it just now.

"Captain wishes to ask if you have any interest in meeting her at Galagos?"

This was a question he had previously kept secret. He had planned on returning and telling his captain that Gehrman Sparrow wasn't interested. But now, he realized that he had a low chance of surviving in Bayam once he was separated from the crazy adventurer.

Chapter 574: Failure

Head to Galagos to meet Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina Edwards? Klein was taken aback, nearly frowning in the process.

This wasn't unacceptable to him. Instead, the face-to-face meeting would give him a chance to ask about complicated matters that were cumbersome to put in writing. He might gain inspiration and information useful for his subsequent advancement and High-Sequence potion formulas.

One more friend means one more source of information... Klein silently muttered this maxim before taking out a heavy gold coin. In front of Blazing Danitz, he divined whether the meeting would pose any danger.

The shiny gold coin flipped into the air and tumbled down into Klein's palm, tails facing up.

This implied a negative response, which meant that there wasn't much danger meeting Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina in Galagos.

Klein shifted his gaze upwards at Danitz and calmly said, "Okay."

"On the Captain's behalf, I thank you for accepting the invitation." Danitz heaved a sigh of relief and beamed, his brows easing.

Klein took a look at the wall clock and said, "I'll first head to the washroom."

Head to the washroom? You mean you plan on heading out later to buy a ticket for me? Danitz's gaze followed Gehrman Sparrow's body as he sharply read between the lines.

After using spirit dowsing above the gray fog to confirm the result, Klein washed his hands, left the washroom, and said to Danitz, "Let's go."

"Me?" Danitz pointed at himself.

Klein put on his coat and nodded.

"There's no need for that, is there? You can go directly to Elland and ask him to help us buy two tickets..." On this rare occasion, Danitz offered a sincere suggestion.

Klein swept a cold glance over him without saying a word. He put on his hat and walked out the door.

Danitz trembled and swallowed his second suggestion: buy forged identity documents and use Gehrman Sparrow's ability to change appearances to purchase two tickets through official channels.

He wrapped the scarf around him once again and pressed down on his cap before quickly following Gehrman Sparrow.

After nearly twenty minutes, Klein pointed ahead where there was a noisy commotion.

"Is it there?"

That was the Seaweed Bar where Danitz had failed to accomplish the purchase of black-market tickets.

"Yes..." Danitz never expected them to circle over and was momentarily stunned.

Along the way, he had roughly described his earlier experience; therefore, he wasn't sure why Gehrman Sparrow would return here.

Amid his thoughts, a possibility suddenly occurred to him, and he blurted, "A-are you going to take revenge for me?"

This fellow might be crazy, but he's quite nice to his friends. His act of venturing out into Bansy Harbor for Elland and the others is an example... Danitz couldn't help but reflect on the matter.

Klein shot him a glance and didn't say a word. He widened his strides and walked into the Seaweed Bar.

"There's really no need..." Danitz followed behind as he weakly persuaded him.

To him, if he wasn't afraid of escalating the matter, he would've encased that bunch of backstabbing bastards in cement and sunk them to the bottom of the sea!

The bar was noisy and lively. Local music reverberated through it, creating a dreamlike atmosphere.

Danitz seriously surveyed the area in an attempt to find the bunch of backstabbers, as well as the infamous pirate, Blue Eyes Meath.

"That's Deniel," Danitz said, casually identifying the black-market ticket seller.

What a pity that this place is just too chaotic. I've no idea if that group of people are still around... he thought with some regret.

Klein traced his gaze and touched Creeping Hunger with his right hand.

He turned his head and looked at Danitz, saying with his usual expression, "Take off your scarf."

His tone was akin to instructing Danitz to buy a glass of beer.

Ah? Danitz was left stunned on the spot as he wondered if he had heard wrong.

Klein's smile widened. "Take off your scarf. Don't make me say it a third time."

"Why..." Danitz choked back his question under the icy cold and crazy stare.

He removed his scarf in a daze, feeling as though the people around him were sizing him up and recognizing him as the great pirate with a bounty of 5,500 pounds, Blazing Danitz.

Klein maintained his smile that concealed madness and continued instructing, "Take off your cap.

"Go over and buy a ticket."

In an instant, Danitz felt as though he had been struck by lightning. He nearly leaped up.

"I'll be recognized..." Under Gehrman Sparrow's stare, his voice became softer and softer.

At this point in time, he had already understood what Gehrman Sparrow was up to.

He wishes to use my worth as 5,500 pounds as bait to fish out those greedy pirates and powerhouses behind those gangs! Dogshit! To think I thought he was nice to his friends a moment ago. No, why would I even consider him my friend? This son of a bitch! Danitz kept cursing inwardly in a stream of profanity.

He couldn't put up any resistance since he knew how crazy Gehrman Sparrow was.

This was a madman who was even thinking of hunting a pirate admiral!

Danitz revealed a twisted smile. As he slowly turned his head away, he took off his cap and slowly walked towards Deniel.

Around him, gazes swept past him and paused for two seconds before they were retracted.

The drunkards receded from him like an ebbing tide, opening a broad path as though the ocean had parted.

Upon seeing their reaction, Danitz was surprised at this turn of events despite his horror and concerns.

This is the might of a great pirate? This is what it feels like to be the center of attention? Damn it, I heard someone say my name. Someone is whispering Blazing... Danitz knew he had been recognized. As he walked forward anxiously, he hung his hands down and prepared to do battle.

Among the crowd, Blue Eyes Meath blurted out, "Danitz? Blazing Danitz!"

His subordinates exchanged looks and said excitedly, "Boss, it's really Blazing Danitz! 5,500 pounds!

"Shall we attack?"

Meath narrowed his azure eyes and raised his left arm, slapping the back of his subordinate's head.

"You stupid ass!

"If Blazing Danitz were a stupid ass like you, he would've been killed numerous times!

"He dared to appear here because he's not afraid of being attacked! He has a powerhouse backing him!"

Meath suddenly felt horrified as he looked around.

He suspected that Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina Edwards had secretly arrived in Bayam, the City of Generosity!

Through the gaps between the crowd, he saw a young gentleman in a black double-breasted frock coat. He wore a half top hat and had black hair and brown eyes. He looked thin, but he had an angled face.

Without a word being spoken, Meath's spiritual perception told him that this was a terrifying existence.

His keen spiritual perception had previously brought him considerable trouble, but it had helped him evade even more dangers!

"Let's go!" he suppressed his voice as he ordered. Then, with the help of the patrons blocking him, he fled from the bar's back door just like how Danitz did previously.

Danitz came right in front of Deniel while shuddering in fear before buying two tickets to Galagos from a blank and horrified opponent.

Even after he returned the way he came and received the signal from Gehrman Sparrow to walk out of the bar, he didn't notice anyone suddenly assaulting him.

Wasn't it said that pirates included many desperadoes? Indeed, a hastily improvised trap is hardly effective... Anything abnormal usually suggests something is amiss. Of course, one can also use that abnormality to frighten the enemy...

Unfortunately... Klein pressed down on his hat before following Danitz out.

At that moment, Danitz was loitering around a street lamp. When he saw Gehrman Sparrow walk out, he barely smiled and said, "Can I wear the scarf and cap already?

"Haha, that group of cowards!"

"Yes." Klein didn't stop as he sped up once he reached the other end of the street.

Danitz's pupils contracted as he hurriedly chased after him and inquired, "Why are we suddenly running?

Klein didn't turn his head as he calmly said, "Do you wish to stay here to be invited back by the Mandated Punishers?"

As he spoke, he took out a paper figurine, threw it out, and burned it to ashes.

Only then did Danitz snap to his senses. Although that group of cowards didn't dare to attack him, they definitely had the courage to report him. If he was successfully taken down, they still had a chance of receiving parts of the reward!

They ran all the way into a secluded alley before Gehrman Sparrow stopped. Only then did Danitz have the time to wrap his scarf properly and wear his cap.

"Where are we heading now?" Danitz asked with a slight pant.

Klein glanced at him.

"Find Elland."

The corners of Danitz's mouth twitched, yearning to throw a fireball over.

"To buy tickets to Dilynius Island," Klein added as he passed through the alley.

Dilynius Island was the first island past the south of the Rorsted Archipelago.

... Right, there's a ship there that heads for Galagos! Now, with everyone's attention focused on the liners from Bayam to Galagos, no one would imagine that we'd take a detour to Dilynius Island and travel from there! Danitz followed as he was enlightened.

On Tuesday morning, Klein personally helped Danitz don a disguise, making him look like a mixed-blood who wore gold-rimmed glasses.

Although there was no way to use his Faceless powers, it was still at least ten times better than Danitz's own attempts at disguising himself.

They successfully boarded the ship and prepared to head south to Dilynius Island Harbor. The journey was expected to take ten hours.

Whoosh!

The liner left the harbor and steered into the sea.

Under the bright sunlight, thin clouds, and blue skies, this hybrid-powered ship silently sailed through the gentle waves amid the cold breeze all the way into the afternoon.

At this moment, Klein was inside the cabin, pondering over some content in the Book of Secrets. Danitz was pacing about, thinking about how he could brag to his mates.

Suddenly, their vision darkened as though a cloud had drifted over to blot out the sun.

Klein subconsciously looked out and saw that a gigantic pitch-black sailboat had appeared at some moment in time. It was nearly a hundred meters long and had its sail fully opened. By the side were rows of cannons.

Before it approached, it steered in a different direction, but it still made the surroundings seem to have a black sun pass by.

Danitz revealed a reverent and apprehensive expression that was mixed with a longing but abhorrent look. He hissed before whispering in a dreamy manner, "Black Emperor..."

Chapter 575: Golden Dream

Upon seeing the gigantic black sailboat, Klein's first reaction was fear and wariness. He suspected that the demigod, King of the Five Seas Nast, was here for him.

But he quickly refuted that guess. This was because, apart from using the Black Emperor card in the spirit world, he had nearly never made the Card of Blasphemy appear in the real world ever since he came out to sea. There were only two or three times when they appeared due to a summoning before it quickly entered the spirit world.

With the gray fog's concealment and the Card of Blasphemy's anti-divination and anti-prophecy properties, it's impossible for Nast to lock onto me! Klein calmed down, rose, and walked to the window. Together with Danitz, he looked at the Black Emperor, a ship that defied the principles of sailing.

The gigantic ship slowly approached in the massive shadows as the scene on the deck became increasingly clear. The sailors were either washing the deck or bragging on deck. None of them had drawn their cutlasses or guns. There was no sign of them planning to plunder the ship.

Near the cabin, there was a mottled stone chair that was two to three meters high. On it sat a colossal man that was comparable to a giant.

Before he could make out Nast's appearance, Danitz involuntarily lowered his head. His body went numb and trembled, nearly making him prostrate himself.

Klein also sensed the inexplicable sense of might and awe.

He didn't forcibly resist it to keep his head up and continue looking at Nast. This had a high chance of attracting his attention, bringing him unwanted trouble.

As a person with many secrets, he had to bow his head when required!

Klein withdrew his gaze and studied the rugs on the deck.

After an unknown period of time, he saw the sunlight illuminate the area again as the shadow vanished.

He looked up and could no longer see the gigantic pitch-black sailboat. The wind and seas were calm, and the skies were clear.

"Why would he suddenly be here? Wasn't it said that he was still at the Fog Sea recently?" Danitz frowned as he muttered to himself in puzzlement.

The Black Emperor can travel through the spirit world, so crossing all the way from the Fog Sea in a few days is perfectly normal... That's probably one reason Nast is the greatest of the Four Kings... Klein thought.

He believed that Nast was lured by the Black Emperor card, but it was likely that Nast could only determine a vague area.

Klein retracted his gaze and sat back down as though nothing had happened.

The straight-line distance between Bayam and Dilynius wasn't great, but the safe sea route was winding, so the liner didn't reach the dock until sunset.

After that, Klein changed his appearance and used a false identity to buy two tickets for the earliest departure. They left before nightfall and arrived at Gargas at dawn.

Danitz didn't enter the city and instead brought Klein on a detour to a private harbor. They then took a simple fishing boat and set off to sea.

After nearly two hours, Klein saw a sailboat which was dozens of meters long. It was clean and produced a golden luster from the sunlight reflected on it.

Compared to similar sailboats, it appeared extremely special. Along the central axis was the main cannon which was stacked with symbols and patterns. Faint but pure light swirled around it.

"That's the Cannon of Purification. It can only be used ten times before six Priests of Light are needed to hold a ritual. They will pray to the corresponding deity to fill it up with spirituality," Danitz introduced smugly.

A gigantic version of a charm? After a certain period of time, it will likely automatically lose its spirituality... Backing Vice Admiral Iceberg is the Church of the Eternal Blazing Sun? Or one that can nurture Priests of Light? Klein's expression remained impassive as he mumbled inwardly.

Back when he first saw the Golden Dream in Danitz's dream, he wasn't too surprised by the main cannon. After all, dreams didn't need to adhere to logic. Perhaps Danitz had seen an ironclad warship and its main cannon had left a deep impression on him, causing him to reproduce it in his dream.

To Klein's surprise, the Golden Dream really had something that required extremely copious amounts of knowledge in mysticism --it wasn't something an ordinary faction could produce.

Soon, the Golden Dream dispatched a dinghy that sped toward the fishing boat.

Danitz spread his hands open before clenching them tightly. He then jumped down and landed in the dinghy without causing it to shake.

He whistled and slapped palms with the pirate at the helm, rediscovering his former sense of ruling the ocean.

However, this excitement didn't last long as the dinghy behind him suddenly dipped a little. One more person had joined them.

...I forgot about that madman... Danitz wiped the smile from his face and sat down.

Klein observed the pirates and pressed down his hat. He sat down calmly without a word.

Before long, he landed on the deck of the Golden Dream and saw Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina Edwards standing in silence.

This pirate admiral looked nearly identical to when they had met in the dream. Her hair and features hadn't changed, but instead of a dress, she now wore dark trousers and leather boots. Her wisdom and beauty were complemented by a valiant bearing.

She's more like a pirate this time than a teacher... Klein nodded gently and smiled politely.

"Good morning, Ma'am Captain."

"Good morning, Mr. Gehrman," Edwina replied with a smile.

She turned around and walked to a spot where fishing nets were being hung out to dry. She signaled the pirates to walk away and get busy with their own work.

Fishing nets... As expected of a pirate crew that's more like treasure hunters... This is in preparation to improve their meals? Klein followed in silence. Danitz very naturally found a few of his companions he was most familiar with to have drinks and to brag to.

Of course, he didn't let down his guard. From time to time, he would glance over, afraid that his captain would end up exchanging blows with Gehrman Sparrow. He was ready to get his companions to join the brawl at any moment.

This time, Klein didn't wait for Edwina to explain why she had invited him. After two seconds of silence, he asked, "What do you know of Tracy?"

He planned on asking all his questions before listening to Edwina's motives. He wanted to prevent himself from being embarrassed to ask further after rejecting a request he couldn't agree to.

"Tracy?" Edwina's eyes quivered a little. "She's a Demoness, a Sequence 5 Demoness of Affliction."

Demoness? Klein nearly lost it. He felt that his fate seemed to be intertwined with Demonesses. First, it was Witch Trissy, and then there was Demoness of Pleasure Madam Sharon, and then there was Demoness of Pleasure Trissy Cheek, and a high-ranking Demoness he only heard the voice of. Now, there was another Demoness of Affliction, Tracy.

Edwina didn't sense the upheavals he was going through and continued, "She's different from the typical Demoness. She has her own ideals and pursuits. She's quite an oddity in the Demoness Sect. However, she would still work for the organization on tasks such as human trafficking or something else."

Unlike a typical Demoness? She doesn't give up on herself and chooses to seek pleasure with women? Klein suddenly thought of red-haired Helene.

However, he couldn't be certain because not every Demoness was the result of a man changing into a woman. There were real women who wished to become an Assassin.

After asking for the details, Klein deliberated and asked, "We met Nast and his Black Emperor on the way here.

"In the recent months, matters involving you, Senor, Tracy, and Nast have happened in this area of the sea. This is rather abnormal."

Four of the Four Kings and Seven Admirals had appeared in the Rorsted Sea within a short span of time. This didn't even include Admiral of Stars Cattleya, the Tarot Club's newest member. Statistically speaking, this was indeed quite abnormal.

Of course, Klein had some theories, but he wished to see if Vice Admiral Iceberg was able to provide some fresh insight.

Edwina listened without saying a word. She pulled the edge of a fishing net and held it in front of her.

She took out a fountain pen, a brass dagger, metallic bottles, and other things from her pockets and the inner section of her belt and placed them on the spread out net.

They caught firmly on the net without moving, showing no sign of interacting with one another.

At this moment, Edwina bent over and picked up a rock used to press down the net, and she placed it in the middle of the open net.

The net immediately depressed, causing the surroundings to contract. The fountain pen, dagger, and bottles tumbled towards the center and gathered beside the rock.

"It's probably something like this. Some unknown existence has appeared in the net of fate and is pulling us towards it," Edwina explained simply.

This is like an actual model of the law of convergence for Beyonder characteristics... Klein thought as he nodded.

This left him both enlightened and puzzled. Edwina's explanation was nearly identical to his guess, but it did nothing to explain the situation.

The King of the Five Seas Nast appeared because of me... Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy can also be barely explained, since I did come into contact with Trissy Cheek... As for Vice Admiral Iceberg and Admiral of Blood, I can't find a reason... Perhaps it's purely a coincidence? Besides, it's the latter that attracted the former out... Klein retracted his gaze and asked about something else.

Then, he said, "Ma'am Captain, is there a reason for inviting me here?"

Edwina gave him a searching look and said, "Your identity indicates that you came from Backlund. According to what I know, this identity isn't entirely genuine. There's no powerful bounty hunter named Gehrman Sparrow from there."

The faction backing you is very powerful. Furthermore, it has an extensive network in Backlund. You noticed a problem with my identity so quickly... Klein didn't panic and smiled calmly.

"Everyone will have some secrets."

Edwina remained silent for a few seconds without pressing the issue. She then said, "Not long before Kalvetua died, you sacrificed something to it."

Klein turned his head slightly and swept his gaze across Danitz, who was drinking beer.

Cough! Cough! Alarmed, Danitz spewed the beer all over himself.

Klein retracted his gaze and didn't deny or admit it as he looked at Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina.

Edwina continued without a change in expression, "After Kalvetua died, the 'Sea God' is still replying to its believers."

Chapter 576: Vice Admiral Iceberg's Collection Room

Is she suspecting something? Klein looked straight into Edwina's eyes without moving them away. Nor did his eyes blink or dodge.

After knowing that Danitz had divulged his sacrificial ritual to Kalvetua before it died, Klein had the necessary preparations. If he wasn't standing on deck and was instead sitting on a sofa, then he definitely would've crossed his right leg and leaned back to give a calm and composed answer.

He smiled as he raised his left hand. He introduced with a calm tone, "This glove of mine is called Creeping Hunger."

Klein believed that Danitz, who had witnessed him in combat, had surely passed the relevant details on to his captain. Since Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina was of equal rank to Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos, it wouldn't be difficult for her to guess that Klein had acquired Creeping Hunger. By revealing it himself instead of allowing her to expose him, he gained a psychological advantage.

His sudden mention of it carried two implications. First, he was hinting that an organization backed him, one capable of killing Vice Admiral Hurricane, orchestrating Kalvetua's death, and responding to its believers in its stead. Second, he was warning Edwina not to investigate the matter any further. Otherwise, she might meet the same sudden death as Vice Admiral Hurricane.

At this moment in time, Klein continued maintaining Gehrman Sparrow's persona. He didn't directly threaten her or refuse to admit it. Instead, he provided a calm answer that hid madness within it.

Edwina Edwards nodded slightly and suddenly changed topics.

"I plan on providing a certain amount of assistance to the Resistance in the Rorsted Archipelago, mainly in food and fabric."

Assistance? Her backing faction is against Loen, or it just wants to make things difficult for the Church of Storms? Klein wiped his smile and calmly replied, "This has nothing to do with me."

Don't expect me to trip up... he said silently to himself.

Edwina turned her head and raised her arm to point to Blazing Danitz who was drinking while secretly stealing glances.

"I will entrust him to handle it, including contacting the Resistance and confirming the time. We'll arrange for a private harbor, and I wish you can provide sufficient help."

Pfft... Danitz spewed out a golden waterfall from his mouth.

Haha. Pfft! Bam! Bam! Bam! The two pirates sitting beside him laughed as they bent their backs and struck the deck, spewing out the beer that they had just drunk.

One of them had dark skin like he was covered in a layer of metal skin. His waist was rather thick, and although he wasn't fat, he had no curvature to speak of.

Edwina retracted her gaze and added in an unhurried manner before Klein could speak, "You're an adventurer. I believe you won't decline a job that pays well."

You really have found me an excellent excuse... Klein smiled in response.

"Of course."

He didn't ask how much the payment was, while Edwina seemed to forget mentioning it.

This intelligent and beautiful pirate admiral gloomily said, "Senor sent word that he's willing to buy the giant's key, which I previously discovered, for 5,000 pounds."

It was the item proclaimed to be Death's Key. It was a gigantic black iron key that nearly made Danitz lose his life in Bayam. Klein suspected that it didn't originate from the dark Second Epoch, but it was something that was connected to the Giant King's Court.

She's hinting at me to offer a price? Klein was first taken aback before he came to a realization. He couldn't help but inwardly mumble, 5,000 pounds? I don't even know if the key is of any use, or if it really involves the Giant King's Court! If it doesn't have anything to do with it, can I return it for a refund?

Besides, there's no prior information about it. Even if I take it above the gray fog to divine it, I wouldn't receive any effective revelations.

Yes, a simple inference is that if it doesn't involve the Giant King's Court but some other treasure that I have no idea about, then it would be useless if I buy it. The only benefit is that it will disrupt Admiral of Blood's plans. It harms him without benefiting me. If it involves the Giant King's Court, Admiral of Blood is unlikely to find the target location even if he bought it, as it's located in the Forsaken Land of God. Besides, I plan to hunt him. When the time comes, I can obtain the key without spending any money. It's equivalent to having him buy it for me and watch over it for some time.

Although such thoughts are very idealistic, it's not impossible...

Klein pondered for a few seconds and said, "It might conceal an enormous secret."

He deliberately mentioned this to make Vice Admiral Iceberg unwilling to sell the gigantic black iron key to Admiral of Blood Senor. It was to prevent the latter from rapidly strengthening himself after obtaining the treasure and advance to the demigod realm. That would bring a considerable calamity upon Klein.

Edwina listened silently and didn't continue on the topic. She turned her body halfway around and pointed at the cabin's entrance.

"Breakfast has been prepared for you."

"Thank you." Klein took off his hat and bowed.

As he followed Vice Admiral Iceberg into the cabin, he quickly recalled the conversation they just had and sought out the true motive behind Edwina's invitation.

From the problems with Gehrman Sparrow's identity, to the mystical item suspected of being Creeping Hunger, to the sacrifice to Kalvetua and the dead Sea God continuing to answer believers, all of this would naturally suggest that I have a secret organization with unknown motives backing me.

As for the faction that Vice Admiral Iceberg belongs to, it's very wary, guarded, and interested in this matter. Therefore, it got her to probe me in person to see if they can obtain something?

They're still rather friendly at the moment. Extending their assistance to the Resistance is a way to convey their intentions. It seems they're leaning towards cooperating with the organization backing me. Of course, the unknown always leaves others afraid. Without grasping the situation, the chances of Vice Admiral Iceberg and her associates attacking me are very, very low.

Heh heh, if they discover that the secret organization backing me was founded only about half a year ago and has fewer than ten members, even counting The World and Miss Xio, with whom contact has been established but who hasn't been recruited, I wonder if they'll become so furious that they lose control...

As his thoughts raced, Klein entered the cabin and followed a dim passageway, passing through one wooden door after another.

He followed Edwina up some stairs and arrived at a brighter second level.

Before entering the pirate's dining hall, they passed by a half-opened room.

Klein casually glanced inside and saw a gigantic black iron key sitting on a wooden table.

"These items are the fruits of our various treasure-hunting expeditions. Most are mementos, while others have yet to reveal their value and require further study." Edwina appeared aloof, but explained everything in great detail, as though afraid he might not understand or would be left puzzled.

And when she mentioned the word "study," her aqueous blue eyes clearly lit up a little.

Mementos of our various treasure-hunting expeditions? Klein couldn't help but look inside carefully.

At this point, Edwina pushed open the door and walked in. She then introduced in passing, "This is a gold coin from the Fourth Epoch's Solomon Empire."

Klein's gaze shifted over and saw a coin placed inside a frame.

It was entirely dark gold, as though formed from two semicircles of different sizes. It was extremely asymmetrical, with a sharp crown engraved on its surface that closely resembled the one worn by the King of the Five Seas, Nast.

Edwina was like an owner who liked to show off her collection. She began introducing the items in the room, making Klein recall a familiar person--Old Mister Eye of Wisdom, the great detective, Isengard Stanton.

When it comes to showing off their collections, they're very similar... Is this a common tendency among avid collectors? Wait, Mr. Stanton studied in Lenburg for four years, and Vice Admiral Iceberg's profile says Edwina Edwards hails from Lenburg. This... Lenburg's capital is the headquarters of the Church of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom. Mr. Stanton also admitted that he converted to the God of Knowledge and Wisdom while studying abroad... Could that Church be the faction backing Vice Admiral Iceberg? Klein pondered as he listened, until Edwina stopped before the huge black iron key.

Just like he had seen in the dream, the key was about the size of a seven-string zither. An ordinary human would have to wrap their arms around it to move it. It was dull and ancient-looking.

The patterns on it are similar to the City of Silver's style. It clearly has giant traits... Klein nodded and was just about to retract his gaze when he heard Edwina say, "You can study it."

You're letting me study it? You probably have no idea how many hidden dangers I've triggered in the past. Aren't you afraid the Golden Dream will disappear once you let me examine it... Klein lampooned himself before reaching out to touch the black iron key that seemed to belong to a giant.

He found it ice-cold to the touch, and regardless of how much spirituality he injected into it, it was useless.

Unfortunately, I cannot bring it above the gray fog to study it... Klein retracted his right hand and shook his head indiscernibly.

He shifted his gaze to a goatskin book on the same table. Written in ancient Feysac on its brown cover were the words: "Groselle's Travels."

"It originates from a sunken ship. It had been soaked at the bottom of the sea for 165 years without suffering any damage," Edwina introduced. "It records a story about a giant named Groselle. He had decided to head to the Nation of Frost to hunt the King of the North, a powerful frost dragon. Along the way, he encounters companions, a female elf, a devout ascetic, an aristocrat of the Solomon Empire, and a Loen soldier. The story develops until they encounter the King of the North before it suddenly comes to a halt. It's not the end, but the later pages cannot be opened no matter what methods are used. You can give it a try."

This isn't a notebook in a journal style, but rather a novel? This novel sure is odd. It puts together characters from different epochs and eras. It should be something that was recently produced... Klein flipped through the book and allowed the yellowish-brown pages to slide past one after another.

The content was roughly what Edwina said, but the story appeared rather abrupt and fractured. It kept making Klein suspect if he had missed a paragraph. For example, the protagonists would become familiar with one another moments after encountering each other as strangers.

Soon, he reached the last few pages and found that they were stuck together. There was no way he could pry them apart.

Such effects... probably can be dealt with above the gray fog... I wonder what sort of accidents might happen... Klein turned his head to look at Vice Admiral Iceberg.

Edwina fell silent for a moment before saying, "If you wish to have it, I can sell it to you. I've studied it for years without gleaning anything from it.

"However, I have a condition.

"What is it?" Klein returned with a question.

Edwina pursed her lips and said, "If you figure out something, you have to tell me the result, so that I won't have to be puzzled over it.

"As long as you agree to this condition, I can sell it to you cheaply."

Klein's interest was suddenly piqued.

"How much?"

"8,000 pounds," Edwina said calmly.

"Uh..." Klein deliberately pondered as he nodded indifferently. "I'll consider it."

I'll consider how to pretend that this never happened... he thought silently to himself.

Chapter 577: A Book Over 2,000 Years Old

Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina didn't show any changes in her expression when she heard Gehrman Sparrow say that he needed to consider it. She nodded calmly.

"No hurry."

She seems to feel that I'm unable to make the decision regarding a transaction of this scale and that I need to seek advice from the secret organization backing me... Is this a problem of me not being able to make the decision? This is a problem of not having the money! Klein remarked inwardly and closed Groselle's Travels. He asked in a deep voice, "Do you know who the author is?

"What happened to the people who last possessed this book?"

Edwina walked over and rubbed the cover with the tip of her right index finger. "The previous owners cannot be identified, as the shipwreck caused the relevant information to be lost to history. Similarly, we cannot confirm the author's identity. The book contains no author's name.

"I've used some mystical arts to study it and discovered that the goatskin was created at least 3,000 years ago, before the Cataclysm.

"This is why I believe it's worth at least 8,000 pounds."

A book from three thousand years ago. There's a dragon, an elf, and a human ascetic, a Solomon Empire noble, and a Loen soldier... These are all concepts from years later! A magical book that contains the power of prophecy? Or did someone specially use an ancient goatskin to create it? But it's meaningless to do so. It's purely a hoax? Klein deliberately curled the corners of his mouth without any intent of smiling.

"The giant's name is Groselle. Could the author be Roselle?"

"No. Roselle's name originated from a root word in Jotun. When ancient Feysac evolved into Intisian, it underwent a second transformation and acquired a different meaning..." Edwina explained the origins of Roselle's name in detail, leaving Klein dazed and feeling as though he were back in school.

He nodded gently and said in an unperturbed tone, "If it's an ancient piece of work, I'm very curious as to why a frost dragon would be named the King of the North. What Sequence and pathway does it correspond to?"

Edwina raised her gaze from Groselle's Travels and looked at Klein.

"Before the appearance of the first Blasphemy Slate, there was no concept of Sequences and pathways. Furthermore, many creatures didn't abide by such arrangements. In that Epoch, chaos and mania were the basic attitude to everything.

"Some dragons might accumulate numerous Beyonder characteristics related to frost, such as those responsible for a Demoness's frost, a Zombie's frost, and a Weather Warlock's frost. As a result, they would possess tremendous power and attain a relatively high level. Of course, such an accumulation would inevitably lead to death or a loss of control.

"This means that if it doesn't die, it would definitely lose control and become a monster. However, a dragon is a monster in and of itself."

If there are many similar products of this sort from the dragons, giants, and elves, then it can be understood why the Second Epoch is known as the Dark Epoch... Klein pondered for a moment and inquired as though he was talking to himself, "This results in the waste of Beyonder characteristics."

Edwina looked at him for a few seconds.

"Emperor Roselle once said, 'Whatever separates will definitely converge, and whatever converges will definitely separate.'"

The Emperor said that before? I understand the first part. That's another form of saying the law of convergence of Beyonder characteristics. But what does the second part mean?

After the convergence happens to a certain extent, it would tend to separate and dissociate? When one doesn't belong to a particular pathway, the extremely chaotic convergent mix will cause a dissociation? The more chaotic it is, the more repulsion there is between the characteristics?

Such words aren't likely to be said to anyone. It definitely isn't something that's spread out in the public... Last time, I guessed from the Vice Admiral's usage of the Roselle's Dream Spell and her last name that she's a descendant of one of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, Edwards... It's extremely possible...

After the Emperor perished, their family escaped to Lenburg and gradually converted their faith to the God of Knowledge and Wisdom?

What a good teacher. She answers any question!

Klein didn't speak further as he continued admiring Vice Admiral Iceberg's collection.

At the same time, he had some thoughts. He planned on asking Little Sun via The World during the Tarot Gathering if he knew of the book, Groselle's Travels.

Of course, in order to prevent The Hanged Man from sensing something problematic with The World and hence, figure out that something was amiss with The Fool, he decided to communicate in private while blocking everyone else.

After a brief excursion of the room, Edwina led Klein out and entered the captain's room in the dining hall.

"The relatively special food here is yogurt. You can add strawberry jam and other things. You can also directly add honey..." Edwina pointed to the row of food outside. "There's some dried fish that isn't bad. They come from the deep sea, species that have yet to be named."

As she spoke, she gestured for Klein to help himself and bring the food back into the room. Then she rose and demonstrated.

Klein took some yogurt of unknown origins and added a few spoonfuls of honey. Then, he carried his tray and placed pork sausages, buttered bread, and other food on it.

During this process, he saw a young man dressed in a white shirt and black vest, decked out with a flowery bow tie, looking more like an office worker than a pirate, approach Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina and have a hushed exchange with her.

The man was rather handsome. His neatly parted hair was almost blond, except for its slightly dark roots.

His eyes were a very light lake-green color, and his nose was sharp. He had thin lips and that made him exude a trustworthy vibe.

"Don't be fooled by that fellow's appearance. He's like a can of wolf-fish: rotten to the core!" Danitz whispered contemptuously. At some point, he had entered the pirates' dining hall and come up beside Klein.

Klein turned his head and glanced at him without saying a word. This was because he knew Danitz would offer to explain without him egging him on.

Before Danitz could speak, a thick-waisted man beside him said in a coarse, shrill voice, "He's the third mate, Jodeson. He used to be a casanova and part-time pirate. He claimed he would steal our Captain's heart, but instead he got a beating and stayed to be educated. Dogshit!"

"In short, he's a bad egg!" Danitz emphasized.

"He's a bad egg!" another pirate with iron-black skin echoed.

Why do I have the nagging feeling that all of you are the same...

Klein thought and said, "Flowery Bow Tie Jodeson with a bounty of 5,200 pounds? Sequence 6?"

As expected of the standard Gehrman Sparrow reaction... Danitz glanced to the side as a lingering sense of fear was hidden within his contempt.

"He's not that strong, but he's very strange. When I brawl with him, no, during combat, I suddenly can't use fireballs, while he becomes able to replicate my fire powers."

A very familiar description... Klein subconsciously glanced towards Jodeson. After some careful thought, he recalled the familiarity.

This is very similar to the Sealed Artifact, Blood Vessel Thief, found behind Tingen City's Chanis Gate!

Klein had already forgotten the Blood Vessel Thief's Sealed Artifact number, but he still remembered clearly that it could temporarily steal a person's Beyonder powers for itself.

The corresponding pathway? Klein retracted his gaze and discovered that Danitz and his two companions were drinking while looking in that direction.

Thinking back to how Danitz divulged his sacrifice to Kalvetua, Klein took a cup of beer and carried his food tray towards the Captain's dining room. He said indifferently, "All of you like her, right?"

Pfft... Pfft... Pfft... Behind Klein, there was the sound of alcohol being spewed out at the same time.

He saw Danitz jump backward through the corner of his eye, looking at him in horror before turning his head in relief to size up his companions.

They had unknowingly opened up a gap between themselves as the look in their eyes turned complicated. They looked like they had the fury of being fooled.

Klein didn't stop. He returned to the Captain's dining room and enjoyed breakfast.

After a while, Edwina carried a meal tray back.

She drank a mouthful of milk and paused before saying, "Danitz showed me the summoning ritual of your messenger.

"It mentions that one gold coin is a necessary component.

"I'm somewhat perplexed. Does it refer to Loen gold coins, or those from Intis, Feysac, or somewhere else? Their weights are all different, and the amount of gold they contain is different."

Klein thought for a moment before saying, "Loen's gold coin."

This is also the gold coin that's worth the most... It's not like I need to pay for it myself... Klein added inwardly.

Edwina nodded.

"Payment also needs to be done when receiving a reply?"

"Different spirit world creatures have different hobbies," Klein said.

He knew that Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina was a researcher of spirit world creatures, and he believed that she could understand what he meant.

Furthermore, he wasn't lying. He just hid the fact that the messenger's owner could also pay for it.

"Yes," Edwina very seriously answered him, "I once attempted to find a messenger, but I could only use trial and error for the incantation. Not only was it dangerous, but it was very difficult to satisfy the requirements. I eventually had to give up.

"This is one of the reasons. The other reason is that simulating the power of the undead isn't enough to sign the contract.

"Your incantation has given me considerable inspiration."

Klein ate his breakfast in silence without explaining anything. This was because this was the knowledge he had learned from Mr. Azik. He wasn't at liberty to teach it to others without receiving permission from him.

After a delicious, quiet breakfast, the Golden Dream approached a private harbor and dropped off Klein and Danitz.

Danitz looked back at the glimmering golden ship and suddenly sighed.

"I feel like my friendships have sunk into the ocean!"

Klein pressed down on his hat and calmly said, "Losers can always form alliances among themselves."

"..." Danitz was unsure whether he should be happy or sad.

After changing their identities and creating fake identification, they successfully bought tickets back to Bayam and boarded the ship. Klein finally had a private space for himself.

He entered the washroom and went above the gray fog and began scanning through the believers' prayers.

This time, the first thing that appeared before him was the bald member of the Resistance, Kalat.

"Honorable God, we have discovered the whereabouts of red-haired Helene. She's currently hiding in the Intis embassy.

"This has been confirmed by a laundry maid and gardener."

Chapter 578: Abduction

In the Intis embassy of the City of Generosity, Bayam.

Helene sat in front of a dresser, looking at her beautiful yet somewhat frail reflection. She sat there in confusion for several minutes.

Her escape from the Black Death had been filled with anticipation and torment. She was afraid that any tiny mishap would cause her to be discovered by pirates or adventurers, causing her to be caught by Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy once again and making her lose all her freedom. She would then never be able to return to her hometown and the life she originally enjoyed.

Only by using the few connections her family still possessed had she managed to hide in her country's embassy and obtain a ticket away from the sea, bringing her a little relief.

However, this still wasn't enough to make her feel at ease. She believed that everything would only be truly over when she stepped onto the Northern Continent.

With this in mind, Helene couldn't help but raise her right hand and touch her cheeks, which were not especially fair but had a healthy glow. She realized that her exquisiteness had improved significantly since her time as a sea merchant. She felt like time had reversed, making her mistake herself as returning to her days as a young lady.

In fact, after entering the Intis embassy, she had another option besides fleeing the sea: cooperate with the Church of Storms, the Loen military, or the embassy. By using herself as bait, they could capture Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy.

But after considerable thought, she finally abandoned this plan. She even begged the senior member of her family who served as an embassy official to keep her presence there secret.

No matter what, she never truly harmed me. Most of the time, she indulged and satisfied me... Except every night... every night... But that's only on the surface... As Helene reminisced, her face quickly flushed crimson.

Those intoxicating nights, the fiery passion from having limbs intertwined with each other, and the unimaginable pleasure flashed past her mind, leaving her unable to compose herself.

Helene slowly took a deep breath before exhaling.

She shook her head and made her longing for freedom, her homeland, and her family fill her heart once more.

She once again looked at her reflection and coiled up her drooping red hair.

Then, she thickened her eyebrows with makeup and darkened the contours, making her facial features sharper and pronounced.

After this round of makeup, Helene looked more androgynous, with a masculine air to her.

Finally, she took off her clothes and used a strip of cloth to flatten her chest. She then put on a white shirt, a black vest, men's trousers, and a double-breasted frock coat.

She finished by putting on a silk top hat and tucking her coiled red hair inside it.

At this moment, her reflection appeared more like a handsome young man than a lady. Her emerald-like eyes specifically seemed to suit her getup, giving her an alluring level of profundity.

Helene waited patiently until someone knocked on her door.

She picked up her luggage and walked out, following a close friend of her elder relative to the side entrance in the embassy garden.

A carriage was there waiting for her. It was to send her to the harbor where she would board a liner and head for the Loen Kingdom's Pritz Harbor. There, she would make a detour to return to Intis.

Helene had anti-tracking Beyonder powers. She carefully observed the surroundings, including the carriage driver.

A lean, vigorous local who doesn't like wearing hats. He looks identical to the man I met before. He seems a little nervous, but that's normal... After completing her final checks, Helene thanked her relative's friend, picked up her luggage, and boarded the carriage.

As the wheels began to roll, she pursed her lips and looked out the window, watching one Intis parasol tree after another swiftly recede behind her.

This gave her an inexplicable feeling as though she was back in Trier.

It was a huge, sun-drenched city in the region between the Ryan and Srenzo rivers. Radiant and enchanting, it overflowed with every variety of rose. Its arts and humanities flourished, making it a sacred land for artists, musicians, and novelists.

That was Intis's capital. After Emperor Roselle rebuilt it, it was in the true sense of the word, a world-class metropolis. It was also Helene's hometown. She grew up there and often cried when she saw it in her dreams.

After an unknown period of time, Helene suddenly felt something was amiss. The surrounding streets were turning more deserted and remote.

As a sea merchant, although she spent most of her time in the Fog Sea and wasn't too familiar with Bayam in the Sonia Sea, being a Sequence 9 Hunter made her sufficiently alert.

"Is this route correct?" Helene moved from her seat and carefully asked the carriage driver.

She was prepared to jump off the carriage and produce a fireball at any moment.

The carriage driver kept his eyes forward and answered with an ingratiating smile, "Honorable Lady, this route is shorter and less prone to congestion.

"As you know, Bayam was built long ago, when there weren't so many people or carriages. Many of its streets are narrow. Around noon and in the evening, traffic jams are common, and walking can be faster than taking a carriage."

Is that so? Helene thought about it and believed his explanation. This was because she had encountered such situations in several cities.

Trier is still the best. When Emperor Roselle reformed the old city districts, he had the foresight to widen the roads. There's sufficient space even today... Helene had this thought flash through her mind when she heard the horse pulling the carriage neigh, seemingly in pain.

"Wait a moment. It seems to have stepped on something." The carriage driver stopped the carriage to the side and jumped off.

Helene originally didn't think much of it, but sweeping the area with the corner of her eye, she realized that they were in an uninhabited quiet alley.

Her nerves tightened as she didn't hesitate to smash through the carriage wall and escape.

Regardless of whether it was an overreaction or not, she believed that it was necessary.

At that moment, an intense horror surged out from the bottom of her heart. It felt like she had been targeted by an extremely hungry monster.

The spiritual pressure made her hesitate. She didn't dare act rashly.

Following that, she heard a deep voice.

"I won't harm you.

"I have some questions for you."

Helene's mind raced as she quickly considered the options placed before her.

Ultimately, she didn't attempt a reckless escape. Under the terrifying pressure, she sat back down.

She planned on assessing the situation first before adjusting her plans.

The carriage door opened, and the lean, vigorous local driver climbed in and sat opposite Helene. He was none other than Klein in disguise.

To play the carriage driver, he had specifically practiced handling a horse and carriage, a skill he had never properly learned while serving with Tingen City's Nighthawks. With so little time to prepare, he hadn't mastered it and could only use Creeping Hunger's aura to keep the horse obedient.

At the same time, Danitz, who was hidden nearby, quickly ran over and took the carriage driver's seat and began driving the carriage.

His round felt hat was pressed low, and he was dressed like a real carriage driver.

Helene bent her back in a guarded manner, like a leopard who was ready to pounce at any time.

She felt the gaze of the man opposite her travel over her forehead, eyebrows, eyes, nose, mouth, neck, chest, waist, and legs, leaving her extremely uneasy.

She had encountered such gazes and methods of sizing her up back in Intis, in Trier, and during the days when she was out at sea. It was something that disgusting perverts filled with sexual desires possessed.

But this time, she strangely didn't feel insulted. She didn't have the feeling that the man would rip off her clothes or was fantasizing about something abnormal.

Instead, he looks like he's examining food... He's like an icy-cold snake that's slithering across my skin... Helene finally couldn't bear it as she asked, "What questions do you have?"

After fully grasping her looks and features, Klein leaned forward and rested his arms on his thighs in a natural manner. He slightly clasped his palms and said, "Have you heard of a person named Jimmy Necker?"

Helene took a few seconds to recall before firmly shaking her head.

She slightly frowned and asked in confusion, "Have you gotten the wrong person?"

"He's a tycoon, someone who likes to collect things. Have you heard of such a person from Tracy?" Klein asked again.

Tracy... Helene sighed secretly and replied seriously, "No. She never mentioned a tycoon who likes collecting."

Klein looked at the red-haired lady's eyes and said in an unhurried tone, "Then, does her room have any ancient documents regarding the Southern Continent's Balam Empire?"

"No. She's not someone who enjoys reading documents. She hates reading. She even makes me read novels to her." With that said, Helene revealed a bitter smile.

"What novels does she read?" Klein asked without a change in tone.

"Roselle's classics, as well as contemporary romance stories," Helene answered frankly.

Klein nodded.

"Does she have a collection room?"

"Yes, but apart from her and a few mysterious visitors, no one is allowed entry, including me," Helene said as she recalled.

Klein fell silent for a few seconds as he maintained an unchanging posture.

"Tell me your story."

"My story?" Helene pointed at herself in surprise.

Klein nodded gently without repeating himself.

Helene said after momentarily being dazed, "My story is very simple.

"My father is a member of the former Sauron royal family of Intis. He received quite a bit of wealth, but he lost himself to alcohol, mistresses, marijuana, and gambling, causing him to eventually go bankrupt.

"In order to repay the debts, I chose to accept some conditions raised by the family and became a Beyonder. I then went out to sea to become a sea merchant."

Chapter 579: An Academic Question

As she spoke, Helene's eyes moved up slightly as though she was immersed in her memories.

"Early on, I carried iron and coal from Midseashire to Feynapotter, then I brought tobacco, coffee, cocoa, and other local specialties back to Intis. This is a sea route that borders the shore, so it was rather safe. The competition was intense as well. In order to quickly get out of my predicament and save up money, I worked hard to raise my Sequence, hoping that I could trade in the colonies.

"Unfortunately, just as I became familiar with the sea route and made some money, I encountered Ailment Maiden Tracy, who wasn't Vice Admiral Ailment at the time, in one of her raids during my second trip to West Balam. She only had one ship back then, but she was very powerful. My partner and I resisted with our lives, but all of that was in vain.

"She doesn't have the habit of killing mindlessly. All she did was snatch the goods, as well as myself..."

As expected of an oddity among Demonesses... Klein listened in silence and used his Clown powers to suppress his embarrassment before asking expressionlessly, "How far did the relationship between the two of you go?"

"We didn't!" Helene instinctively denied. "She forced me! I-I didn't want to die. I-I could o-only choose to accept it. B-besides, she's a woman!"

Lady, there's no need to get so worked up. If I had asked whether your relationship went beyond friendship, would you have jumped out of the carriage? I only avoided being so direct out of kindness and consideration for your dignity... Sigh. Beneath the facade of the mad Gehrman Sparrow lies the gentlemanly me... That's my true self... Without changing his expression, Klein changed the subject. "What kind of food do you like? Are there any dishes you especially enjoy? Do you prefer sweet or savory food, or something in between?

"What food do you dislike? What food are you allergic to?

"Do you have any dietary restrictions? If you do, what are they?

These questions made Helene feel like she was in a dream, as though everything was surreal.

She never imagined that the man would ask her such questions. It was like a pursuer was asking his crush what hobbies she had.

No! No suitor would ask such questions! They would learn these things indirectly through numerous conversations or by other means! No woman would enjoy being interrogated like this! T-this is like one of the surveys Emperor Roselle invented... W-what does he want? He's asking these questions without the slightest expression. I'm so scared... Helene fell silent for a few seconds before answering each question under Klein's cold, unwavering gaze.

Klein maintained his seating posture of leaning forward and continued asking, "How do you usually sit? Do you have any habitual motions..."

The more Helene answered, the more panicked she became. She had the inexplicable feeling that answering these questions would make her disappear.

By the time the perplexing and terrifying "survey" was done, she felt heavy deep down, constantly suspecting that a terrible outcome awaited her.

Why don't I risk it and jump off the carriage while he isn't paying attention? Helene seriously considered the possibility.

However, the man didn't seem to have any indication of attacking her, and this made her indecisive. She felt that there was hope to resolve the matter amicably.

After grasping Helene's personality, habits, and preferences, Klein turned the topic towards Vice Admiral Ailment.

"What do you know of Tracy?"

Helene fell silent as her mouth quivered a few times. She couldn't bring herself to speak.

After the carriage continued on for quite a while, it was only then that she finally smiled ruefully.

"She possesses excellent combat abilities. She's skilled at infiltration and curses, and she can turn invisible or transform into light.

"She knows how to swap places with a mirror or a magic staff, and she can wield black flames and frost. She can make enemies within a certain range suddenly fall ill with colds, pneumonia, gastroenteritis, and other ailments. The longer a fight with her lasts, the worse those ailments become. Some Beyonders might even die outright from a heart attack.

"She c-can also create invisible threads to control her enemy. She knows human anatomy very well. She can easily give people pleasure through contact--th-that kind of pleasure.

"She has an active charming ability that would make many pirates give up resisting once they're near her.

"S-she's often friendly, but she's cruel to her enemies. She enjoys destroying the perfection that others would wish to protect, making them suffer immense pain and torment..."

Helene didn't elaborate on how Tracy destroyed the purity others cherished. There were many cruel stories and absurd incidents. This Ailment Maiden had once made two enemies, a father and son, kill each other. She had also induced an enemy's wife to betray him and arranged for him to witness it.

As expected of a Demoness. She's a Sequence 5 Demoness who's one Sequence higher than Demoness of Pleasure... Klein gained a basic grasp of Tracy's combat style, and he calmly asked again, "Does she have any mystical items?"

"Yes. A bangle that's inlaid with diamonds. As long as she wears it, it's very difficult for Tracy to be injured." Helene hesitated before revealing Vice Admiral Ailment's secret.

Klein asked a few other detailed questions as he straightened his body a little.

"Tracy is helping the Demoness Sect perform human trafficking?"

This was something he took great notice of when he heard Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina mention it.

The Demoness Sect cooperated with Ince Zangwill, and it was related to the royal family. It involved an underground ruin whose location was unknown.

Tracy helped them in the human trafficking.

Baelen, who was pointed out by The Hanged Man, was someone who orchestrated numerous disappearance cases of slaves and the disappearance of primitive tribes in the Southern Continent. With him appearing at the underground ruins, he would be a member of the upper echelons.

The biggest human trafficker, Capim, had Beyonders who were of the Arbiter pathway protecting him. And this is a pathway controlled by the Loen and Feynapotter royal families, as well as their military...

All of these matters that Klein was aware of linked together to form a line, but he wasn't sure what it actually exposed. Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy was a breakthrough point.

"What Demoness Sect?" Helene asked in puzzlement.

"You don't have to know," Klein calmly replied.

If you don't know what a Demoness is and end up suspecting that the extremely charming Vice Admiral Ailment who gives you pleasure is a filthy, brutish man, I'm afraid you might lose control on the spot... You don't have to thank me. I'm a good person... Klein remarked inwardly.

Helene suppressed her puzzlement and said while recalling, "In recent years, she's been busy shipping slaves. The other end of the trade is Crazy Captain Connors Viktor. Rumor has it that he and many human traffickers and slave merchants in Loen have a deep partnership."

Crazy Captain Connors Viktor... Klein remembered the nickname and name.

He nodded and no longer spoke in a heavy voice. Instead, he said in a relatively gentle voice, "Did you take part in anything like this? Such as being a part-time pirate?"

This very polite and amiable tone left Danitz trembling for some baffling reason. He felt that Gehrman Sparrow being in such a state was much more terrifying than his cold and expressionless state.

"No." Helene shook her head. "The blood of the Sauron family flows in me. I will not bring shame to my family. Be-besides, Tracy always said that she wouldn't let me be tainted by bloodshed and darkness. All of that would be faced by her."

She must've read too many romance novels... Klein took out a gold coin and allowed it to weave between his fingers like it was dancing.

He didn't keep it from Helene as he performed a divination in front of her to confirm that she wasn't lying.

The result was that she was rather honest.

This is also because I didn't ask in detail about her emotional entanglements with Tracy; otherwise, she wouldn't be that honest... Klein secretly reflected and put away the gold coin.

At that moment, the carriage had circled around the harbor, no longer heading for the ship that Helene was meant to board.

Klein looked at the scenery outside the window and took out a small metal bottle. He handed it to Helene and said, "Use the liquid inside to wipe away your makeup."

"Why?" Helene subconsciously asked.

"That isn't something you should ask," Klein said expressionlessly as he leaned forward again.

Despite feeling aggrieved and furious, Helene didn't wish to provoke the man at such a critical moment. She could only remove the bottle cap and sniff the liquid to test whether it was poisonous.

"Can it be used directly?" she asked.

Klein tersely acknowledged in the affirmative.

Helene took out a white handkerchief and dabbed it with the bottle's liquid. Then, she began wiping her face and quickly cleaned away her prior disguise.

Her handsome masculinity vanished and her contours became softer as Helene's true appearance emerged before Klein.

After careful observation, Klein calmly said, "Take off your hat and let down your hair."

Helene furrowed her brows and had a nagging feeling that what followed would be unacceptable instructions such as taking off her clothes.

She took a deep breath, removed her hat, and released her coiled red hair. Immediately, she appeared extremely feminine.

Klein straightened his body and leaned back on the carriage wall before calmly instructing, "You can put on your disguise again."

Is he a madman? After all this, he wants me to revert to how I was before? Helene didn't dare to voice her displeasure, afraid that the man would raise unacceptable requests. She hurriedly opened her luggage and took out a mirror to look at herself.

The makeup has been removed so cleanly... She was stunned for a moment before she quickly put on makeup and coiled her hair.

When the carriage came to a stop, she was already looking like a handsome young man.

Klein nodded indiscernibly and looked out the window before retracting his gaze.

"One last question."

"What?" Helene asked nervously.

Klein raised his line of sight a little as his facial muscles moved.

"How big are your breasts?"

"... Helene was first taken aback before her face flushed red.

It wasn't the flush of embarrassment, but of anger and the urge to punch the man in the chin.

Klein didn't move his gaze as he calmly added, "It's an academic question."

"..." Seeing no sexual intent in his eyes, Helene inhaled, closed her eyes, and answered the question.

Klein secretly heaved a sigh of relief and took out a boat ticket and a stack of papers.

"A new identity and a ticket to Tiana Port.

"Once you're there, buy tickets to Pritz Harbor."

Helene glanced at him vigilantly before receiving the tickets and documents. She carried her suitcase and carefully stepped down from the carriage to see the ship she was taking.

Klein followed behind her and watched her leave. From the corner of his eye, he saw Danitz trying hard to hold back his laughter.

Chapter 580: Wormtongue

Klein slowly turned his head and shot a glance at Danitz.

The pirate with a bounty of 5,500 pounds immediately shut his mouth and fell silent. It was as though nothing had happened.

After confirming that Helene boarded the liner without issues, he turned around and walked to the side of the carriage. He pretended to casually ask, "Did you hear the conversation?"

"No, no. A little, just a little..." Danitz shook his head as he gave a hollow chuckle.

Klein nodded slightly and said, "You have to remember; otherwise, it'll be easy for people to see through you."

"See through... me?" Danitz raised his hand and pointed at his nose and said blankly.

Without changing his expression, Klein said, "She's from the Sauron family and possesses anti-tracking Beyonder abilities. Her habits and behavior confirm that she's a Sequence 7 Pyromaniac of the Hunter pathway. She's very similar to you, so you should be able to impersonate her well."

"Me? I can't do it! I won't be able to disguise myself like her! I'll be identified with just a look!" Danitz jumped in fright.

Klein held back his laughter and said in a deep voice, "I'll lend you Creeping Hunger."

"No, no! I have no experience with anything like this. I won't be able to fool Vice Admiral Ailment's subordinates!" Extremely nervous and horrified, Danitz refused the assignment.

To him, this was an utterly humiliating, dogshit affair. Only a pervert or madman could do it without hesitation.

Klein nodded in agreement and said expressionlessly, "Indeed, you are rather stupid."

Danitz forced a smile. "Yes, I'm very stupid."

Klein didn't say a word as he passed Danitz and opened the door to the carriage.

Danitz followed him with his eyes when he suddenly saw Gehrman Sparrow's hair turn red.

He blinked vacantly and saw the man's facial contours soften and his eyes turn emerald green. His lips thinned and pursed, making him look frail and insecure. He possessed a masculine beauty and looked identical to Helene, who had just left.

"..." After watching Gehrman Sparrow enter the carriage, Danitz turned away, the corners of his mouth twitching.

He was silent for a few seconds before he thought silently, What a madman. He changed into a woman without any hesitation!

I have to say that Helene looks pretty good when disguised as a man.

This Beyonder power sure is useful. If I can receive an item like that and figure out what Captain's ideal type is, then I can make the corresponding changes and make her fall in love with me.

But in that case, would the person she fell in love with still be me?

Danitz found himself pondering over philosophical questions until he heard a cough from the carriage behind him.

He snapped to his senses and drove the carriage away from the harbor. He planned on making a huge detour before circling back.

Inside the carriage, Klein wasn't as calm as he appeared. Although Helene wore men's clothing, sparing him the most embarrassing details for the time being, changing his face into a woman's and forming breasts still left him deeply uncomfortable and awkward.

Sigh, changing one's appearance as a Faceless is easy. The true difficulty lies in the mind. To be a good Faceless, I'll have to overcome many mental barriers. Otherwise, I'll have to spend years portraying a real person, gaining everyone's recognition of that identity while immersing myself so thoroughly in the character that I almost believe it is real... That would challenge my principles even more. It's insane and twisted.

To speed up my progress, I have to overcome a certain number of obstacles.

Klein pulled out a suitcase from under the carriage's seat. He rummaged for some cloth and clothes before replicating Helene's disguise.

He could've had Danitz impersonate Helene and borrowed the mystical item containing the Faceless Beyonder characteristic from Justice for a few days.

However, that would have left Danitz highly likely to face Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy directly. Without the Clown's powers, it would be nearly impossible for him to deceive her, placing his life in extreme danger.

It was impossible for Klein to make others bear such huge risks for his own matters; therefore, he could only challenge himself and do it himself.

Soon, he looked identical to Helene. Under the black top hat was a handsome androgynous face with soft and pronounced contours. His emerald-green eyes looked as beautiful as gems.

He adjusted his build, making himself shorter by a few centimeters and narrowing his shoulder width. His frame shrank and he looked like he had lightened significantly.

His current appearance quickly surfaced in Klein's mind with his Clown powers.

It's not bad. There's nothing much to it... Perhaps because I'm not wearing women's clothing, it doesn't feel very different from turning into Gehrman Sparrow, Danitz, or someone else. I just look prettier and feel some discomfort in my chest... If I'd looked like this on Earth, I wouldn't have needed to worry about finding a girlfriend, he thought, mocking and consoling himself as he curled the corners of his mouth.

What looked like a normal action on Gehrman Sparrow now looked pitiful and sorry.

Fuck! Klein cursed silently as he quickly adjusted his state of mind. Bit by bit, he immersed himself into the state of true acting.

As time passed, he discovered that his resistance had diminished significantly. He then felt relaxed and calm, as though he had further harmonized with the potion.

That meant the potion would digest faster.

It really is useful... Klein said silently as he got up and took four steps counterclockwise. He went above the gray fog and once again confirmed the danger level of his upcoming operation.

After returning to the real world, he switched to using Helene's voice and deliberately suppressed it.

"Head to Pier 6 at the harbor."

Danitz noticed nothing amiss, but after changing direction, he suddenly realized something and couldn't help trembling. He sounds exactly like the real person... If he ever transforms into Captain to fool me, I won't be able to tell the difference...

After a while, the carriage reentered the harbor and headed toward the liner Helene had originally intended to board. Instead of approaching it, however, the carriage circled around to a nearby warehouse.

Danitz jumped off the carriage and knocked on the warehouse door in the previously agreed pattern.

A group of dockworkers who were clearly of native descent emerged and made way.

After confirming that there wasn't anything amiss, the bald member of the Resistance, Kalat, came out on a wheelchair.

"Where is she?" He looked at Danitz as he spoke.

Through Helene's matter, Danitz had successfully established communications with the Resistance.

Danitz laughed mischievously.

"In the carriage.

"She's been drugged with medicine that makes her lose her strength. The effects will last another ten hours.

"Remember, I want 70% of the thousand-pound reward."

Kalat raised his right arm and waved it. Immediately two lean members of the Resistance got onto the carriage.

"Boss, it's that woman," they soon said, poking their heads out and adopting the tone of local gang members.

"Take her down. Our mission is to protect her," Kalat emphasized again.

Helene, who was disguised as a male, was helped down from the carriage with two soldiers supporting her, one on either side.

With his control as a Clown, Klein pretended to be weak in the knees as he staggered.

He was soon moved to a room among the Bayam populace. At the same time, Kalat instructed a local gang member, who believed in Sea God, to find Strongman Ozil and tell him that they had found the target. He was to bring 1,000 pounds in exchange for the woman. As for Danitz, he had returned to the inn to await the news.

At noon, Ozil replied saying that he couldn't be sure if the person was genuine and had planned on sending a person over to confirm things.

Kalat agreed to his request.

Closer to the evening, a figure appeared outside the house.

He was a Loenese man wearing pantaloons and a jacket in the local style. His eyebrows were unusually short, about half the usual length. His brown eyes were deep-set, and his face was sharply chiseled.

Kalat pushed himself on a wheelchair and appeared by the door. After seeing the man, he said in a heavy voice, "Mithor King?"

"Should I be honored that you actually know me?" The man laughed.

He was originally a captain of one of the pirate ships under Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos. After Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy took over the crew, he took on the role as third mate of her flagship, the Black Death. His nickname was Wormtongue, with a bounty of 5,400 pounds.

Kalat didn't reply as he wheeled himself to make way.

Mithor entered a nearby room after being led by a gang member. Inside, he saw Helene sitting by the bedside in a gentleman's outfit. Her eyes were darting about and glaring at him. Her teeth bit down on her lip as she looked furious and fearful with despair and obstinacy in her expression.

"It's her, all right. However, I can't be certain because she's wearing thick makeup. It's hard to tell what a woman really looks like under heavy makeup. Wipe her face clean for me. Hey, why didn't you cuff her? Don't you know she's dangerous?" Mithor surveyed the area and took two steps back in a guarded manner.

"She's been drugged. She doesn't have much strength and hasn't resisted. But since you asked..." Kalat lifted his chin to a Resistance soldier.

The soldier found a pair of cuffs and walked over. After pulling Klein's hands back, he cuffed him.

Klein maintained the same mixture of emotions as before, feigning a struggle despite his supposed lack of strength.

Then, another gang member got some water and wiped his face with a rough towel.

Thankfully, most of the makeup in this era isn't waterproof... Klein began changing his face's contours as the towel covered his face.

Before long, Mithor saw Helene's damp face. She looked extraordinarily frail and beautiful, her emerald-green eyes blazing with intense hatred and bewilderment.

Unfortunately, she's Captain's... Mithor's throat moved.

As a man and a pirate, he often fantasized about Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy and red-haired Helene falling into his embrace at the same time, but of course, it was only his imagination.

The way he looks at me is disgusting... Klein nearly vomited.

Although he knew that it was targeted at red-haired Helene and had nothing to do with him, he couldn't help but feel goosebumps.

In that instant, he gained a deeper understanding of himself. He knew what things he couldn't accept at all.

"It really is her." Mithor turned his head and said to Kalat, "This is your reward."

He threw the tiny leather bag in his hand over to him.

Kalat did a brief inspection and threw it to his subordinate. He pondered for a second and said, "We still need your help."

"No problem. Seek out Ozil when needed." Mithor pointed to red-haired Helene in the room and asked, "I'll take her away, right?"

"Yes." Kalat made way once again.

Klein didn't wish to be helped by Mithor as he pretended to have regained some of his mobility while stumbling out.

Mithor was afraid of Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy, so he could only take her by the shoulder and lead her to the carriage parked outside.

The carriage left the city and came to a private harbor. Mithor led Klein, who was disguised as red-haired Helene, onto a fishing boat that had long been prepared. Under the cover of the night, they left Bayam.

After about an hour, they saw a ship docked in the shadow of an island's cliff. Fluttering in the wind was a huge flag with white bones drawn on it.

Black Death!

Chapter 581: Both Getting into Character and Detachment

Only the Black Death is here... The other ships are anchored beyond the Rorsted Archipelago's confines because they're afraid of being discovered? This is good news... Klein retracted his gaze and deliberately bit his lip to express his agitation.

After glancing at Helene's profile, Mithor lit a torch and began swinging it to signal to the flagship.

Before long, a dinghy came and took him and the disguised Klein back to the Black Death.

Once the dinghy was hoisted aboard, Klein found himself on another pirate admiral's flagship. Under Mithor's lead, he entered the cabin.

Waiting for them ahead was a blonde attendant. She gave Helene a cold look before pointing to a room off to the side.

"Go in."

This attitude... It's like meeting a love rival in the flesh... Both men and women fall to this Vice Admiral Ailment's charm... The cuffed Klein instantly increased his vigilance as he wore a heavy expression and followed the blonde female attendant into the room.

He had believed that he would meet Tracy immediately and in private. He was already prepared to strike, but the cramped, carpeted room contained nothing apart from a wardrobe, a sofa, and a full-length mirror.

Could it be that Tracy has deliberately given Helene the cold shoulder to express her anger? Klein recalled the romance novels and contrived television serials he had previously watched while contemplating the reason for the Ailment Maiden's actions.

The blonde attendant glanced at "Helene's" plain male attire, which lacked her usual androgynous beauty, then took two quick steps forward, opened the wardrobe, and pointed to the dresses inside.

"Captain doesn't like your present attire. Change."

Fuck... Klein cursed inwardly.

He had imagined that he could meet Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy while looking like Helene and dressed as a man. He had been thankful that he wouldn't need to humiliate himself too much to achieve his goal, but in the end, he had failed to escape the very outcome he wished to avoid.

Seeing Helene standing there in a daze, the blonde female attendant glared at her.

"You have two choices. Either you change yourself, or I'll help you!"

Klein made one of the red-haired Helene's habitual gestures and drew a slight breath.

"Remove my cuffs."

He turned sideways and gestured toward the door with his chin.

"And go outside."

"Conniving whore..." the blonde female attendant cursed under her breath and used the key given to her by Mithor to release Helene from her cuffs.

After she left the room and closed the door, Klein walked to the wardrobe and stood there in a daze for twenty seconds.

Suddenly, he closed his eyes and extended his right hand.

After an indeterminate amount of time, he stepped in front of the full-length mirror and saw Helene's cascading red hair in the reflection. Her green eyes shimmered, and she wore a golden-red dress. A ribbon tied in a bow encircled her waist, pulled tight to accentuate its slenderness.

Helene's beautiful face was flushed, and her lips were tightly pursed. Her solemn expression looked almost identical to the one in the earlier picture.

Looking at his present appearance, Klein initially felt somewhat embarrassed. However, he had gotten over it to a certain extent while changing. Besides, there wasn't anyone inside. More importantly, he gradually discovered a different feeling.

This wasn't to say that he was gradually liking such acts.

Instead, as he overcame his mental aversion, he gained a degree of detachment from his sense of self. It felt as though his soul had flown out of his body, allowing him to calmly observe "Helene" dressing in women's clothing and adjusting her outfit in the mirror. He regarded it as a necessary step in his mission, with nothing embarrassing or strange about it.

Klein felt an inexplicable sense of familiarity. He tried hard to recall and compare this feeling, hoping to pin it down and understand it.

Soon, he found the source. It was similar to playing a role-playing game, in which he could choose a female character and carefully select her facial features and attire, creating a beauty pleasing to the eye.

There was nothing perverse or embarrassing about doing this. On the one hand, he viewed everything through the screen from a godlike perspective, giving him a detached attitude. On the other hand, he earnestly played his role and followed the plot. By perfectly combining the two without distinguishing between them, he felt no aversion because he was playing a game.

This... Klein suddenly opened his half-closed eyes, feeling like this was the Faceless state he had been searching for!

He could act as anyone, but he was still only himself.

As he immersed himself in a character and worked hard to act the part, he could detach himself emotionally and observe things calmly. Through comparison, he could understand himself and find his true self!

It's both getting into character and detachment... This is the actual application of the Faceless's main principle. Klein suddenly felt at peace as the remnant embarrassment coexisted with his changed attitude.

With a detached attitude, as though he was playing a role-playing game, he observed himself in the full-length mirror and tried hard to find any flaws.

Thankfully, I had Danitz obtain two sets of women's clothing to study the way it's all put together. Otherwise, there's no way I could wear them so quickly and normally on my first try. It would've been easy to expose a flaw. Heh, this is called professionalism. Women's clothing sure is complicated... From the perspective of a Faceless, there are many flaws in Helene's facial features and contours. She might be beautiful, but it's definitely not what I would call stunning... Yes, with this state of mind, I can clearly feel the potion digesting... Klein looked at himself in the mirror as though he was looking at a character named Helene.

Thump! Thump! Thump!

The blonde female attendant banged on the door and asked impatiently, "Are you not done?"

Klein's face instantly sank, as though she hadn't returned him the ten thousand pounds she owed him.

He maintained this demeanor as he walked to the door and pulled it open.

The blonde female attendant shot him a glance and raised the handcuffs.

"Put your hands behind your back.

"You're now a prisoner!"

With red-haired Helene aboard the Black Death, the attendant wasn't afraid that Helene would harm her. All she wanted was to humiliate her as much as she could.

Klein grunted and half-turned his body, putting his hands behind his back. He felt relaxed because the woman wasn't paying too much attention to his attire.

After putting on the cuffs, he was led by the blonde female attendant to the entrance of the captain's cabin.

The door was half-open, allowing a warm fragrance to drift out. It wasn't strong, but it lingered, beckoning anyone who smelled it toward the pleasures of the bed.

The blonde female attendant knocked on the door and was just about to say a word when a gloomy yet beautiful female voice sounded from the inside.

"Let her come in alone."

The blonde attendant's face instantly sank as she pushed open the door, signaling with her eyes for Klein to enter.

The moment of truth is here... Klein took a deep breath and stepped into the room.

The door behind him closed with a thud, isolating the inside from the outside.

Klein walked across the thick carpet and, using the candlelight from the golden candleholders, saw a rather beautiful lady leaning back in a chair behind a desk. She was wearing beige trousers with her legs crossed and extended at an angle.

Her brows were long and straight, and her azure-blue eyes were sharp and bright. She wore a white linen shirt, allowing her alluring figure to faintly peek through. Raven-black curls cascaded down to hide the most revealing areas, making Klein instantly feel uncomfortable.

Upon seeing red-haired Helene enter, Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy raised her left hand and asked with an enigmatic smile, "Tell me, how should I punish you?"

She held a black leather whip in her hand.

...Ma'am, there's always room for discussion... Klein lampooned to resist his discomfort.

His eyes first moved upwards before leveling towards her. He said without a hint of emotion, "Returning to this place is already the greatest punishment. Anything else is just a bonus."

"You're as stubborn as usual, yet always so indecisive..." Tracy stood up. She was tall and slender, and in the candlelight, the shadows cast by her figure danced with extraordinary allure.

She suppressed her smile and walked toward the red-haired Helene with the leather whip in her left hand. She didn't harbor the slightest doubt.

During this process, Klein noticed that she wore a bangle with inlaid diamonds on her right wrist.

The mystical item described by Helene? It can reduce most forms of damage? Klein, who had originally planned to take action the moment the gap between them narrowed, held back his urge.

"Oh, they cuffed you. That's nice. We haven't played such a game before," Tracy said with a smile, but her azure-blue eyes seemed to be a stormy ocean that was gathering strength.

Ma'am, your lines are quite terrible... Klein pursed his lips tightly and didn't say a word.

Tracy came in front of him and raised her right hand to slide down his cheek.

"Returning is the greatest punishment?"

As she spoke, her eyes turned misty, looking extremely alluring.

"You usually don't seem to think so. Although you always resist in the beginning, you're often more passionate than me near the end..."

Before she could finish, Klein pulled his left hand free of the handcuff and grabbed the bangle on her wrist with lightning speed. He then violently tore it off!

At the same time, that hand turned a shade of gold. Klein's green and deep eyes suddenly lit up with two bolts of lightning.

This was Creeping Hunger! This was Psychic Piercing!

His ability to pull his hand out of the cuffs was a Magician power: Bone Softening, which Klein rarely used!

He had long made plans and preparations for what he would do after infiltrating. It was to find a chance to be alone with Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy and assassinate her without holding back.

Only by doing so would he have a chance of defeating a pirate admiral. Only then could he severely injure and capture her.

And even if it couldn't be done, he didn't mind killing her. He was already very accustomed to spirit channeling above the gray fog. He wasn't afraid of not being able to obtain the intelligence he needed. A human trafficker didn't deserve any pity!

In addition, to avoid hampering himself, he only brought the most difficult-to-detect Creeping Hunger, which was good at disguising itself. The other mystical items were placed in the mysterious space above the gray fog. Furthermore, he was on the Black Death with several hostile Beyonders on board. He had to finish the battle as quickly as possible!

This was also to avoid being taken down by Tracy's ailment powers.

The longer he fought her, the worse the ailments inflicted on him would be!

In that instant, the bangle with inlaid diamonds was removed from Tracy's wrist. Klein's green eyes flashed with lightning while the beautiful and charming Vice Admiral Ailment remained in a daze. All she did was instinctively dodge.

She couldn't believe that Helene would attack her, much less that she possessed such reflexes and abilities.

Chapter 582: Provocation

Tracy saw two bolts of lightning light up in Helene's beautiful emerald-like eyes as the blinding silver occupied her entire vision.

Her beautifully contoured chin was suddenly lifted as though she was about to let out a tragic scream.

However, she stiffened on the spot, shattering like a mirage. The full-length mirror in the room cracked and quickly crumbled, scattering to the floor.

Mirror Substitution Spell!

Tracy's figure, clad in a pure white shirt, beige trousers, and black leather boots, appeared in the corner where the full-length mirror had stood. Before she could catch her breath, she heard heavy footsteps and saw the red-haired Helene's dress streaming behind her as she charged forward like a chariot. The glove on her left hand was a pale, gloomy green.

Klein had already switched to a Zombie state. His muscles were taut, and his strength had increased substantially.

His sleeves fluttered as he clenched his fist tightly before throwing it at Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy like an iron hammer.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Although he maintained Helene's appearance, he moved like a ferocious beast, fierce and formidable. As he bombarded Tracy with punches and kicks, all she could do was desperately parry, without any time to use her other Beyonder powers.

If the corresponding Sequence 9 of a Demoness of Affliction weren't Assassin, granting her extraordinary combat and evasion skills, this barrage of attacks would've left her severely injured.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Klein's fist emanated a white, frosty air, causing Tracy to tremble with every contact. Gradually, ice began to form on the surface of her body.

This was a Zombie's mastery of frost powers!

Seeing her blood gradually stiffen, Tracy didn't hesitate and took the blow.

Her lips turned pale, and her mouth opened slightly as she let out a formless scream.

Accompanying the scream, an illusory blue halo surged out from her body, leaving layer upon layer of frost in its wake.

In just one or two seconds, both of them found themselves in a frozen world. They were surrounded by thick and transparent ice, and there was loose frost blanketing the exterior. The two looked very close to one another, but they needed to break through the various obstructions to fight each other.

A smile appeared on Tracy's gallant and brilliant face as a silent black flame ignited within her body.

It quickly melted the surrounding ice as it began to launch a counterattack, allowing the Ailment Maiden to seize the advantage.

At that moment, she saw Helene, usually frail and indecisive, snap her fingers expressionlessly.

A matchstick she hadn't noticed lit up as scarlet flames leaped. Instantly, it enveloped the red-haired figure's dress.

Tracy's pupils constricted as her spiritual intuition gave her an extreme sense of foreboding.

In the silent black flames behind her, Klein leaped out in the form of Helene. He extended both his arms and hugged Tracy, locking her arms in the process.

At the same time, he opened his mouth and shouted, "Bang!"

A formless Air Bullet shot out with power exceeding that of a revolver, comparable to the latest rifle models.

It passed through the void and accurately hit the back of Tracy's head.

Oof!

The bullet drilled through her skull, but Vice Admiral Ailment's figure suddenly contracted, turning into a broken black staff.

Magic Staff Substitution Spell!

Tracy rapidly appeared diagonally across him. The buttons on her shirt dropped as she revealed a mesmerizing view of fair skin.

However, what caught Klein's attention wasn't that but the blood on her palm!

While Klein restrained Tracy, she had clawed behind her, ripping off a piece of fabric and injuring his thigh.

At this moment, Tracy quickly opened and closed her mouth twice as illusory black flames appeared from her palms to burn the blood.

This was a Witch's black-magic curse!

Klein couldn't help but tremble. A black flame ignited within him, spreading from the soles of his feet to the top of his head. He was rapidly reduced to shreds of paper.

Just as he appeared in another corner, he felt countless invisible spiderwebs swirl toward him. Some were rigid and sought to bind him, while others were soft, attempting to stimulate different parts of his body. Klein, a Beyonder who remained extremely calm in combat, felt his heart race and his ears grow hot. His body turned numb and sore, afflicted by the discomfort of a cold and the urge for his blood to surge downward.

Compared to Madam Sharon from Tingen City, Tracy's spiderweb was far more terrifying!

Klein didn't dare to underestimate it as he immediately snapped his fingers.

The snap ignited all the surrounding spiderwebs as scarlet flames extended from where they came from and surged towards Tracy like a tidal wave.

Back in Tingen, Klein already knew that the spiderwebs from a Demoness of Pleasure were weak against fire!

Instantly, the middle of the room became a huge ignited web. Tracy was caught by surprise as the flames swept towards her.

"Humph!" She exhaled as an eerie blue illusory light surged outwards and froze her within a transparent but gigantic crystal.

The scarlet flames surged over and kept melting the ice, but it gradually weakened.

Klein didn't pick up the diamond-inlaid bangle, because he wasn't sure what negative side effects it might have.

Rashly using a mystical item without sufficiently understanding it was highly likely to do more harm than good!

He straightened his body and opened his arms, letting his left glove be dyed in the lustrous glow of the sun.

Priest of Light!

At that instant, Tracy, who was hiding inside the ice, felt that the all-too-familiar Helene possessed a holy luster. An unprecedented tenacity emerged between her brows. She was beautiful and no longer frail. Like a blooming sunflower, she resembled a flower of war stained with blood.

Tracy shouted with a clearly hoarse voice, "Who are you?

"Why don't you dare to show yourself!?"

While wearing a dress, using my own looks would look so odd. It's more suitable to use Helene's appearance... Klein detached himself as this thought flashed through his mind.

Following that, he praised the sun.

A magnificent pure beam of light descended with golden flames swirling around it. It completely blanketed the ice and Tracy.

As the ice rapidly melted and vanished at a discernible pace, the bright and holy light dimmed before disintegrating.

The color drained from Tracy's face as she somersaulted away, agilely dodging the Psychic Piercing Klein launched after switching to the Interrogator soul and ensuring that whatever damage she sustained came only from the beam of light.

The Light of Holiness was strong against the undead and corrupt, so it was only considered an ordinary Sequence 5 strike on a Demoness.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Tracy did multiple somersaults and dodged Klein's Air Bullets, leaving holes in the carpet.

As she rolled, her figure vanished from her enemy's sight.

A Demoness's invisibility... Klein bent his back slightly, remaining on high alert. He then used his spiritual perception and a Clown's sense of danger to locate Tracy.

However, he was unable to find her in that short amount of time. Furthermore, his forehead was heating up and his lungs were burning. His throat hurt and itched. He nearly couldn't keep himself from coughing any longer.

No, I can't let this drag out any longer! Klein's thoughts raced as he suddenly laughed deeply. He then used a stiff male's voice and said, "Helene told me your secrets.

"She also told me all of her secrets..."

Before he finished his sentence, his spiritual perception was triggered. This was because he discovered an intense emotional fluctuation in a particular corner. The emotions of rage and hatred were impossible to hide from him.

Klein immediately turned around and looked over.

Instantly, layers of golden scales appeared on his left glove. His eyes were tainted with a pale gold color as his pupils turned vertical.

Silently, Tracy's figure was outlined as she wore a painful and twisted expression.

Her extremely feminine raven-black curly hair grew uncontrollably as they spread in every direction.

Psychiatrist's Frenzy!

Tracy, whose emotions had been stirred, nearly broke down when faced with such an attack. She temporarily lost her reasoning.

Klein took the opportunity and snapped his fingers.

An Air Bullet crossed the distance between them, heading straight for Tracy's face that remained beautiful despite the twisted expression.

Suddenly, a wisp of thick, raven-black hair swept over, changing the trajectory of the Air Bullet. It struck Tracy in the left shoulder, causing her clothes to tear and blood to spurt. Even her bones were exposed.

"Ah!" Tracy let out a shrill cry as immense amounts of black flames spewed out of her body and enveloped her.

Following that, thick ice crystals formed outside the black flames.

Beyond it, raven-black curly hair that frantically grew wrapped Tracy, the black flames, and the ice in thick layers. It seemed to form a gigantic cocoon made of human hair.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Klein's Air Bullets shot out one after another, but they only penetrated the black hair and got stuck in the ice.

He paused and made his left glove emit the brilliance of the sun.

At that moment, his throat itched. Unable to control himself any further, he began coughing violently. He failed to produce the attacks he was preparing to deliver.

Inside the black-haired cocoon, Tracy had recovered her senses. She raised her voice and shouted sharply, "Enemy assault!

"Enemy assault!"

At that instant, Klein paused for a second. As his thoughts briefly drifted, he felt as though he had returned to Backlund, returning to the first time he encountered the Devil dog. He knew he wasn't its match and could only shout "murder" and "save me," before successfully escaping from the danger.

At that moment in time, Tracy's cries had the same effect.

Even if there weren't a dozen Beyonders on the Black Death, the number was close to that. Furthermore, there were relatively many Beyonders of relatively high Sequences.

Indeed, killing a pirate admiral in a short period of time is too difficult, even if it's an assassination... Klein coughed twice and snapped his fingers. He stopped attacking and, without hesitation, turned and ran for the window in the captain's cabin.

The last thing he noticed was the diamond-inlaid bangle, but he didn't dare to retrieve it.

First, he was afraid that its severe negative effects would hinder his escape. Second, he feared that after recovering, Tracy could use the item's location to lead a group of Beyonders in pursuit of him, resulting in a chase at sea.

I can't be greedy! Klein turned his head and smashed through the window and fell onto the deck.

Two pirates happened to come over as they thrust their cutlasses forward.

Oof! Oof!

Their cutlasses pierced through a paper figurine.

Klein's figure instantly appeared behind one of the pirates. He extended his left hand, and a ferocious, sinister mouth opened on his palm.

Creeping Hunger bit down on its "food" as Klein lifted the pirate before the other Beyonders could rush over. Taking long strides, he ran to the gunwale and, under a hail of gunfire, plunged into the dark sea beneath the night sky.

Chapter 583: Contingency Plan

The ice-cold water instantly inundated Klein, drenching his golden-red dress and making him sink like a rock.

At the same time, Creeping Hunger had already finished eating the pirate, lightening his load.

Klein didn't attempt to float up and instead continued sinking. He could faintly hear splashing sounds across the distant waves. Apparently, pirates from the Sailor pathway had engaged in pursuit.

This was their home ground!

They could move like fish in such an environment for a very long time!

Klein wasn't alarmed. As a Magician who never performed unprepared, he had naturally devised escape plans in case of failure. After all, nothing was guaranteed in such matters.

To portray Helene as convincingly as possible and avoid detection by Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy, he had left not only his other mystical items and cash above the gray fog, but even the recently made charms of the water and wind domains. However, this didn't hinder him. As a trinity of god, Blessed, and believer, he had many miraculous ways to handle the situation.

He quickly made Creeping Hunger turn a pale, gloomy green. The surrounding seawater froze, forming layers of frost.

Before the frost could solidify completely into ice, Klein flexed his back muscles and spread his arms. With the strength of a Zombie, he shattered the frozen layer, pushing the fragments slightly farther away.

This way, he temporarily produced a narrow space that didn't have any seawater around him.

The water instantly surged back to fill the space. Klein extended his left palm, releasing a terrifying cold that spread outward and created layers of ice walls.

For a brief moment, he seemed to be encased in an ice prison. He could stand in it and produce sound, but he was only limited to that tiny space.

Klein immediately took tiny steps in a counterclockwise fashion while murmuring "The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings," before rapidly sending his Spirit Body above the gray fog.

Just as his Spirit Body appeared beside The Fool's high-backed chair, he immediately picked up the Sea God Scepter which he had placed on the table.

Without needing to distinguish among them, he selected the point of light representing Gehrman Sparrow, who had recently become a believer in Sea God. Through a previously established connection, he raised the short, milky-white scepter and made its blue "gems" emit a hazy luster.

He responded to his "believer's" prayer and augmented himself with all sorts of spells, including but not limited to underwater breathing, freedom of movement, and pressure resistance.

Finally, he used a paper angel to interfere with any divination. He then ordered the nearby undersea creatures to help protect Gehrman Sparrow's escape.

After doing all of this, Klein didn't delay and immediately returned to the real world and gained control of his body.

By then, the pressure of the seawater had crushed the steadily melting ice walls and reclaimed that "independent" space.

However, Klein could already breathe easily and swim rapidly.

Through the rippling but crystalline water, he saw fish swimming towards him. A dark shadow rose up from beneath his feet as an unknown behemoth rapidly rose.

It was a strange brownish-red creature that looked like a squid. It was so massive that its tentacles were enough to bind an entire ship.

It spewed black ink and instantly dyed the surrounding sea black. The few Sailor pathway Beyonders who were pursuing Klein found their vision going dark as their bodies turned numb.

Unsure what was happening, they immediately rose to the surface to deal with their physical abnormalities.

By the time they dived down again to find the enemy, they had already lost track of Klein.

At this moment, Klein was swimming at the bottom of the sea with considerable ease; he even had the time to divert his attention to recall his failed operation and reflect on what he had done.

I made sufficient preparations to act as Helene. Even Tracy, who had spent numerous nights in the same bed with her, couldn't immediately see through me. It accelerated the potion's digestion.

During this process, I still had to overcome my aversion and find a way to both get into character and be detached. This was extremely helpful to the digestion of the potion.

I basically did the best I could for the battle. It can be considered a prepared performance, but I underestimated the strength of a Sequence 5 Demoness of Affliction and the experience of someone who fought her way to becoming Vice Admiral Ailment. Even though she lost her mystical item in the beginning, just my present strength and my mystical item weren't enough to kill her quickly, unless I had used the Sea God Scepter... But this is around the Rorsted Archipelago.

Through today's battle, I can clearly tell that I lack a mystical item with powerful offensive abilities...

Facing the reality of a failed mission, Klein was no doubt somewhat disappointed. However, he wasn't depressed, because this wasn't the end of this matter. He planned on writing to Mr. Azik to see if he was interested in the ancient chronicles related to Death and if he had the time to pay a visit.

Before Klein left the captain's cabin, he had snapped his fingers to ignite the male clothing he had left in the changing room, as well as any hair or skin he had left behind. This was to make it seem like he didn't wish to leave any traces, but it was in fact a form of concealment and deceit.

What he was concealing was the hair and button he had secretly thrown into a particular room without anyone noticing after he entered the cabin.

Having wiped away any traces of himself, Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy would mistakenly believe that the assassin was afraid of exposing himself for fear of being cursed from afar. Then, it would be difficult for her to order the pirates to conduct a serious search for any remnant items.

With the hair and button, Klein could use divination to lock onto the location of the Black Death for a certain length of time. This way, as long as Mr. Azik was willing, he could bring him to Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy.

Sigh, I originally thought I wouldn't need Mr. Azik's help. I thought I could succeed by myself, but ultimately, I fell just short... Klein sighed, feeling a blow to his self-esteem.

This was one of the reasons why he didn't seek Mr. Azik's help in the beginning. The other reason was that he wasn't certain that Tracy was in possession of the ancient chronicles related to Death. If she really didn't have it, it would be rather awkward to have Mr. Azik make a trip for nothing. Furthermore, he was worried that even with Mr. Azik's help, that he would still need to act as Helene to find the Black Death and Tracy. He still needed to wear her clothes and use himself as bait.

That would be far too embarrassing to do in front of someone he knew!

In fact, if it wasn't to obtain intelligence and solely to eliminate Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy, it would've been a lot simpler. Once I swim back to Bayam and go above the gray fog, I simply need to lock onto their location and use the Sea God Scepter to create a storm...

This isn't to say that a huge area-of-attack blast will definitely kill Tracy on the spot, but it will attract Sea King Jahn Kottman's attention. When the time comes, the Black Death's location would be exposed to the Church of Storms... Sea King will happily take down Ailment Maiden...

Klein shook his head with self-deprecating mockery. With his Seer's spiritual intuition guiding him, he rapidly swam towards the shore.

On the Black Death, Tracy removed her layers of defense and walked to the diamond-inlaid bangle, in her damaged, blood-stained clothes. She bent down to pick it up.

What a cautious attacker. I might not even be comparable to her back when I was an assassin... No, him... Tracy suddenly clenched her teeth.

This wasn't because she nearly died at his hands, but because he had sensed that the man had done something to Helene.

As Emperor Roselle would've put it, she suspected that something green [1] was growing on her head.

"Helene, are you truly that cold and heartless? No, perhaps she was forced." Tracy turned her head to look at the nasty wound on her left shoulder as she felt the heart-wrenching pain.

If not for the strengthening of her physique brought about by the Assassin and Instigator Sequence, with significant enhancements in subsequent Sequences, just that one blow alone could've made her lose her entire arm. She would be like those pirates who had their arms blown off by rifles.

As the blood flowed and stained her vision red, Tracy got the blonde female attendant to enter and use her abilities to help her deal with her injuries while instructing the surrounding pirates who had their eyes fixated on her to search for any items the attacker had left behind.

Unfortunately, the pirates informed her that all of his clothes had been automatically destroyed.

This made Tracy recall the snap the enemy had made before he left. She sighed once again.

"How careful.

"Furthermore, he's not one bit greedy. If he had taken the bangle, then I wouldn't need to worry about not catching up to him."

Tracy waved her hand, motioning for most of the pirates to leave, leaving behind Wormtongue Mithor King and a few high-ranking members of the crew.

"Third Mate, go to Bayam again. Conduct a thorough investigation and find out where the Resistance found that Helene," Tracy ordered in a solemn voice.

With great difficulty, Mithor retracted his gaze from his captain's chest.

"Alright!"

Tracy thought for a moment and added, "Spread this matter. Say that I'm seriously injured and will not be able to recover anytime soon.

"Also, First Mate, immediately set sail. Don't stay here any longer."

As she issued orders, silence was quickly restored around Tracy.

Only at this point did she have the time to figure out which faction the attacker came from, why he would attack her, and what motives he had...

Unfortunately, the more Tracy thought, the more puzzled she became. She had no idea what the truth was. Although she had many enemies, none of them possessed similar powers.

Finally, she found a clue as she muttered to herself, "Creeping Hunger?"

In the middle of the night, in a private harbor on Blue Mountain Island.

Standing by the receding and advancing waves was a female figure. She was none other than Klein, who was still disguised as Helene.

He circled under the water and quickly came onto shore. He infiltrated the house of a nearby fisherman and got some tattered clothes to change into before changing back into Gehrman Sparrow.

Leaving behind the rather expensive dress as compensation, Klein rapidly left the private harbor and returned to the City of Generosity, Bayam, before daybreak.

He wasn't in a rush to meet up with Danitz. Instead, he found a random motel to stay in. He used a ritual and brought Azik's copper whistle, his other mystical items, and his cash back to the real world.

After confirming that he could divine the location of the Black Death, he blew the copper whistle.

1. A Chinese expression for being cuckolded is to "wear a green hat."

Chapter 584: Scapegoat

After lowering the copper whistle, Klein had already activated his Spirit Vision.

He saw illusory white bones feebly rising from the ground as they slowly formed a gigantic figure. If previous appearances had resembled a fountain in a fantasy setting, this was more like the trickle from an ordinary faucet turned upside down.

The corners of Klein's mouth moved indiscernibly as he pretended as though he hadn't noticed anything amiss.

After a few seconds, the skeleton messenger finally took form. Its nearly four-meter-tall body tore through the ceiling once again as the pitch-black flames in its eye sockets burned silently.

Klein folded the letter he had finished writing and threw it up.

In the letter, he described the tycoon Jimmy Necker in detail. He explained the connection between the Death chronicles found in a mausoleum of the Southern Continent's Balam Empire and Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos and Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy. He also mentioned that he had successfully infiltrated the ship and, although his assassination attempt had failed, left behind something that could be used to determine the Black Death's location.

Of course, he didn't explain in detail how he had sneaked in. He only gave a rough account of Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy's combat techniques and style.

After the messenger caught the letter with a swipe that could send an adult human flying, Klein coughed and cleared his throat.

"I already have a messenger."

The pitch-black flames in the skeleton messenger's sockets clearly flickered before its body collapsed like a waterfall before drilling into the parquet.

You don't have to be afraid of becoming my messenger anymore, right? Am I that detestable to your kind? Yes... These messengers from the Underworld probably can't bear to leave Mr. Azik. After all, that's a direct descendant of Death. There might not even be any skip in the generational line. You want to cozy up with someone powerful. I get it! Klein was just about to pack up and check out when his nose itched suddenly and sneezed.

Achoo! Achoo! Cough! Cough! Cough!

Mucus flowed out as he coughed. His forehead slowly but decisively began burning with heat.

Oh no. Vice Admiral Ailment's ailment is still lingering in my body. And I confronted a 10 degrees Celsius cold wind in order to return to Bayam. I really fell ill as a result... Klein used inferior tissue paper to wipe his mucus, contemplating whether to summon himself and act using a Spirit Body state, so that his physical body could heal by itself.

After serious consideration, he believed that it was impossible. Firstly, his physical condition would clearly affect his Spirit Body's condition. The two were closely related in some magical manner. Secondly, if he ignored it, his physical condition would definitely worsen.

I'm becoming a little dazed from the fever... Klein touched his forehead and prepared to return to the Wind of Azure Inn to meet up with Danitz. Then, he had to consider if he should head to a hospital or clinic to buy some medicine.

In the Berg household in the City of Silver.

Derrick finally obtained the Radiance Spirit Pact Tree fruit from Ma'am Hermit, and he successfully concocted the Solar High Priest potion.

It was golden in color and had a scorching hot temperature. When Derrick drank it, he felt the burning sensation in his throat.

His eyes lit up suddenly as they grew brighter like there were two miniature suns hidden in them.

His body radiated concentric ripples of pure light as his exposed skin protruded to form black patterns that were visible to the naked eye.

At the same time, his body hair grew longer, as though it were turning into feathers wreathed in golden flames.

Derrick knew that there would be similar changes when consuming a potion at Sequence 7. He didn't panic or become flustered. He clenched his teeth and repeatedly recalled the pain of personally killing his parents and the hope that arose from the depths of his heart after meeting Mr. Fool. Despite being on the brink of losing control, he managed to persevere through it.

After a while, everything abnormal about him returned to normal. However, the air he exhaled was mixed with the warmth of the sun.

He felt that his body had become stronger again, and he had considerable resistance to ailments and treacherous environments.

However, that wasn't the main point. Derrick liked the various forms of theurgical knowledge that appeared in his mind.

They included Fire of Light, Horror Immunity, Holy Oath, Cleave of Purification, Sun Halo, Holy Light Summoning, Holy Water Creation, etc.

Derrick paced around in delight as he felt that the related theurgical spells he had were very suitable for him for dealing with the evil monsters that hid in the dark.

He didn't hide the news and immediately ran to the twin towers and registered his advancement.

This way, after a preliminary inspection, he would have the qualifications to helm a small patrolling team as its captain. He could come into contact with more of the City of Silver's information.

This includes the method of removing the mental corruption of a Beyonder characteristic, which Mr. World wants... While Derrick was answering the registration clerk's various questions, he couldn't help but recall the promise that he hadn't been able to fulfill all this time.

Owing something to others often left him uneasy and uncomfortable. And now, he could finally see the light that could restore his calm.

In the Amyris Leaf Bar, Wormtongue Mithor King was holding a cup of red wine. He sat across from the elderly Strongman Ozil, crossed his right leg, and leisurely asked, "Did you figure out anything specific?"

He had been instructed by his captain, Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy, to return to Bayam and investigate the fake Helene. For this, he found Ozil who had originally issued the mission. He couldn't directly seek out the Resistance, because there was a small chance that they were cooperating with the fake Helene. To question them in person was no different from directly bringing his head to the governor-general's office in exchange for the bounty reward.

Ozil pulled a chair and sat down.

"They didn't hide anything, but I can't be sure if they're speaking the truth or not. As you know, I prefer using my fists to my brain.

"They said that Helene was brought over by Blazing Danitz. He represented Vice Admiral Iceberg and hoped to establish a cooperative relationship with the Resistance. They wanted to provide a certain amount of help, and Helene was a way to express their goodwill."

"Blazing Danitz? Vice Admiral Iceberg..." Mithor ruminated over the two names as his expression slowly turned solemn.

He leaned back into his chair as he knitted his brows bit by bit.

As one of Vice Admiral Hurricane's former captains, he was now the third mate of Vice Admiral Ailment's flagship. He was no stranger to the other pirate admirals, and he knew that Vice Admiral Iceberg was powerful and had a rich collection. With just one ship and a few subordinates, she was able to resist the other pirate admirals. In terms of strength, she was a little stronger than two of his bosses. More pertinently, Vice Admiral Iceberg seldom involved herself in the conflict between pirates. She sought information and explored the unknown to seek out treasure. She was more like an adventurer than a pirate.

Why would she suddenly want to assassinate Captain? This doesn't suit her character... She previously suffered a setback because of Admiral of Blood's rumors. She should be focusing on seeking revenge on him... Mithor took a sip of red wine as he rubbed his forehead with his other hand.

He temporarily stopped thinking about Vice Admiral Iceberg, and he turned his attention to Blazing Danitz.

As he carefully recalled, his pupils suddenly shrank. He discovered that there were some recent problems regarding this fourth boatswain of the Golden Dream he was familiar with.

He laid a trap and killed Steel Maveti, Blood Brambles Hendry, and Calm Squall. His bounty had been raised to 4,200 pounds, and in a short period of time, he got embroiled in some matter, causing his bounty to rise again, reaching 5,500 pounds. This has already exceeded my bounty... Mithor thought to himself silently as Blazing Danitz's figure surfaced before him. He found him mysterious and terrifying.

He advanced? Or did he receive some great benefits because of something? Mithor leaned forward and put down the cup.

He whispered seriously, "I originally treated his bounty increase as a joke.

"But reality has informed me that Blazing Danitz is a great pirate worthy of a 5,500-pound bounty!"

Mithor looked up and said to Strongman Ozil, "Help me gather intelligence on Blazing. Recent intelligence!"

In the luxurious suite in the Wind of Azure Inn.

When Danitz opened the door and saw Gehrman Sparrow, he glanced around warily before making way.

"How was it? Did the hunt succeed?" he asked in excitement and curiosity after closing the door.

Vice Admiral Ailment is a famous beauty. Back when I saw her, she was even more charming than I imagined. What a pity if she were to just die like that. She should be locked up forever without parole... Pui! How can she be prettier than Captain? Those with looks like her are plenty in the Red Theater! Contradictory thoughts ran through Danitz's head.

Klein clenched his fist and placed it to his mouth before coughing violently.

After calming down, he answered coldly, "Almost."

"What a pity..." Danitz sighed.

But deep down, he was thinking, This madman, Gehrman Sparrow, is really strong!

He infiltrated the Black Death to assassinate Vice Admiral Ailment but had only just fallen short of success. Even though he failed, he successfully returned almost without any injuries!

One had to know that the reason why every pirate admiral was famous throughout the Five Seas, being second only to the Four Kings, wasn't only because they themselves were strong; it was also because they represented a crew, a force to be reckoned with. They had many Beyonders under them. To be able to escape from the Black Death after a failed assassination indicated that Gehrman Sparrow was in no way weaker than any pirate admiral!

Is Creeping Hunger really that powerful? No, even if I were in his shoes and had Creeping Hunger, I wouldn't be able to go that far... Danitz was increasingly convinced that his choice of not resisting during his first encounter with Gehrman Sparrow was extremely wise.

Klein coughed twice again and prepared to instruct Danitz to buy some medicine for him from the hospital.

He then recalled that the cause of his illness was complicated. The medicine provided to him without a doctor's careful examination might not be effective. Even the many medicines that Emperor Roselle had previously invented were the same.

If it wasn't because it's impossible to use the gray fog to establish a remote treatment system, I really wish that I could consult Emlyn White to make me some medicine... Klein went to the washroom to wash up and change into his original clothes and burn the clothes he obtained from the fisherman.

Upon seeing him come out, Danitz went over with a paper bag and said in a sycophantic manner, "This is the 700 pounds they gave."

At this point, he and Klein heard someone knock on the door. It was Captain Elland.

When the captain rushed into the room, he gave Gehrman Sparrow a deep look and suppressed his voice.

"I planned on returning to Pritz Harbor, but I received a piece of intel.

"Something huge seemed to have happened at Bansy Harbor."

Chapter 585: Buying Medicine

The Church of Storms has finally taken action on Bansy Harbor? Klein clenched his fist and placed it to his mouth before coughing. He asked calmly without any qualms, "What happened?"

Elland didn't notice any abnormal reaction from Gehrman Sparrow. He retracted his gaze and surveyed the area.

"I don't know what exactly happened. I only know that it might've involved the upper echelons of the Church of Storms.

"And for a period of time before that, all routes that lead to Bansy Harbor were canceled. This might've been a so-called omen."

Involved the upper echelons of the Church of Storms? No, it should be the most elite forces. I suspect that the pontiff of the Church of Storms, that Grounded Angel, had personally taken action. He might've even used a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact. After all, he might be facing a King of Angels, one that's even older than the Fourth Epoch, as well as "His" descendants... Klein nodded and calmly asked, "What's the outcome?"

He wasn't the least bit surprised that the Church of Storms had only taken action on Bansy Harbor in the past few days. Even though the Mandated Punishers were known for being rash and irascible, there was still a protocol that needed to be followed for serious matters like this. For example, they needed to make a confirmation, evacuate a portion of innocent residents, or seal off the surrounding sea. All of this needed time.

Elland was unable to read Gehrman Sparrow's true emotions as he sighed with a smile.

"There won't be a Bansy Harbor for a very long time."

...As expected of the Church of Storms... Klein secretly clicked his tongue, feeling even more curious about the detailed process.

He wanted to know whether Red Angel Medici had appeared, and if "He" really was sleeping near Bansy Harbor. He wanted to know if "He" had been wiped out by the Church of Storms and wished to know what happened to the natives in Bansy Harbor. He wanted to know what it meant for them to speak in such a staccato manner, and he wished to know what secrets were hidden in the Green Lemon Restaurant and the telegraph office.

Unfortunately, with Bansy Harbor's destruction, it was difficult for him to obtain any actual answers.

Perhaps the internal record of the Church of Storms would mention them, but Klein had no way of getting them. With The Hanged Man's rank, there was no way he could gain access to such confidential information.

I'll have to nurture Mr. Hanged Man into a High-Sequence demigod before I can know the answers to my questions... Klein sighed silently and said without a change in expression, "That place is indeed very dangerous..."

Before he finished his sentence, his throat itched as he coughed violently.

"You fell ill?" Elland asked, puzzled.

He originally imagined that Gehrman Sparrow was like him, a Beyonder whose physique had been considerably enhanced. It was unlikely for Beyonders like them to fall ill before they grew weak from age. But from the looks of it, his previous guess might've been wrong.

Klein answered tersely without giving an explanation.

A question of no value or meaning... It would be odd if he isn't ill after an intense battle with Ailment Maiden... Danitz grumbled in contempt from the side.

Elland chuckled and said, "I can recommend you an Apothecary that's better than a hospital or clinic.

"That's his Beyonder job. He has a tiny herb store in the alley diagonally across Red Theater. Heh, he's known for selling male enhancements, but that's not what he's best at."

Does every Apothecary develop such medicine? That's right. It's absolutely one of the most profitable medicine-based businesses. It's only odd not to do it if they're capable of doing it... Klein nodded slightly in response.

"Why haven't I heard of him?" Danitz asked, surprised.

"He only came to Bayam in the past few months. When was your last visit here in the City of Generosity?" Elland asked with a chuckle.

When I took your crappy boat... Danitz answered silently in his mind.

He carefully recalled and discovered that in the past few months, apart from this period of time, he had passed by Bayam once during the early days of his vacation. At other times, he was drifting out at sea in search of treasure. Otherwise, he was at other places or harbors enjoying himself, so it was true that he wasn't aware of any minor changes in the City of Generosity.

"I've already spent quite a few days in Bayam. I've been to the Red Theater several times, but I've not heard anything about this Apothecary! This can only mean that his male enhancement medicines are limited in effect!" Danitz bragged as he said stubbornly.

Elland smiled and didn't debate with the great pirate. Instead, he said to Gehrman Sparrow, "If it's only an ordinary ailment, the Apothecary will only charge a slight premium.

"And for you, it doesn't matter if it's expensive. What's most important is to recover your health as quickly as possible. No adventurer wishes to stay in a sick state. This implies danger and that you might become the target of someone else. It implies the increased risk of losing control."

Indeed, maintaining a good state is a rather important matter for Beyonders. However, the price is still very important, alright? If that Apothecary were to charge 1,000 pounds, then I might as well buy medicine from the hospital. Or I can describe the situation of my illness and get that vampire, Emlyn White, to make me some medicine! Although I already have 6,000 pounds in savings and have several Beyonder characteristics, I still need to consider it. I still want to add a mystical item with lethal offensive power and seek out clues to the High-Sequence potion formula... Klein mumbled inwardly.

High-Sequence potion formulas were impossible to put a price on in this mysterious world. Therefore, Klein only thought of buying the relevant clues.

After Elland left, Klein took the 700 pounds and gave Danitz 200 pounds.

Wearing his hat and holding his cane, he coughed and wiped his snot before stepping out the door in preparation to take a carriage to the vicinity of the Red Theater.

Danitz was very curious about the Apothecary's medicine. He stuck a fake mustache on his face, wore a cap, and followed. With Klein's guidance, he already knew that using a scarf to hide his face was a practice that drew far too much attention in Bayam. He took his advice to buy some fake mustaches.

In the alley diagonally across the Red Theater, the moment Klein entered, he saw a man furtively come out of a nameless herb store. The moment the man saw someone, he hurriedly lowered his head and rushed off.

Don't worry. We won't be guessing what medicine you're buying... Klein coughed twice again, increased his pace, and walked into the dark herb store.

He scanned the area and was surprised because the boss was someone he knew.

The boss was wearing a black robe that resembled a village witch doctor. He was in his thirties, with black hair and brown eyes. His face was round and his body chubby. He was none other than the chubby Apothecary who often liked to use sarcasm at the gathering held by Old Mister Eye of Wisdom in Backlund. Klein had once recognized him at a circus.

He stopped showing up at Old Mister Eye of Wisdom's Beyonder gathering because he left Backlund... Klein coughed and took two steps forward.

"Make some medicine for me."

On the chubby Apothecary's shoulder stood a round-eyed owl. The man and the bird looked up at the same time at Klein.

After a brief examination, the chubby Apothecary gave him a warm smile.

"Friend, it's cold outside. Don't do those deeds out in the open, although it's true that it can be rather exciting."

What the hell... Klein was first stumped before he understood what he was getting at.

When battling Tracy, I was influenced by her Pleasure powers. Blood flowed down to my nether regions, and my desires undulated. This resulted in my body emptying out, making it faster and easier for the ailment to strike me. When escaping, the ice-cold sea was fine since I had theurgical spells protecting me. But the wind on the way back was rather cold. It worsened my sickness. In conclusion, doesn't this look like getting sick as a result of having pleasure out in the open? As expected of an Apothecary; he has sharp eyes... Klein maintained a composed expression and just looked at him without answering him. All he did was wait for him to concoct the medicine.

Danitz turned his head to look out the herb store as he held back his laughter with great difficulty.

What dogshit Apothecary is this? He can't even distinguish the ailments released by Ailment Maiden! he thought in glee.

When the chubby Apothecary received no response, he listlessly opened several cabinets, took out an assortment of ordinary and unusual herbs and insect carapaces, stuffed them into a paper bag, and handed it over.

"Put it all in water and cook it for half an hour. Drink the liquid that's left over.

"4 soli."

It's a little expensive... Klein glanced at Danitz.

The latter immediately took out the money.

As the chubby Apothecary collected the money, he bent his back and suppressed his voice to say with a chuckle, "I have medicine that can make you stand out in that area. The kind that has mummy powder added. Need it? I guarantee you that you'll be satisfied.

"I know you might be very strong, but men always seek to be stronger."

Firstly, I need to have a girlfriend... Klein coldly shook his head and rejected the chubby Apothecary's recommendation.

The chubby Apothecary straightened his back in disappointment.

He turned his gaze and sized up the two before asking, "Are both of you adventurers?"

"Yes," Klein answered simply.

The chubby Apothecary rubbed his hands and said, "I have a request, but you'll only be paid after completing it."

"How big is the reward?" Klein pinched his nose.

"100 pounds!" the chubby Apothecary shouted as looking pained by the sum. "Help me find someone. His name is Roy King. He's my teacher. He got me to meet him here, but I haven't seen him after waiting for months. And I have no way of contacting him."

"Is there a portrait--cough!--or a photograph?" Klein inquired.

The chubby Apothecary took out a photograph from a secret pouch by his waist and handed it over.

It was of a relatively young man. His hair was neatly combed back and he wore glasses. He appeared very gentlemanly.

"Your teacher?" Klein asked.

I might believe it if you're the teacher...

The chubby Apothecary coughed dryly and said, "He's at least sixty, but he looks young."

A Beyonder power or a mystical item? Klein nodded in thought and began asking about the specifics.

After confirming that there were no items he could use for divination, he took the paper bag and left the store.

After he disappeared from the alley, the owl standing on the chubby Apothecary's shoulder suddenly said, "Darkwill, that guy might know you."

Chapter 586: Farewell and Reunion

"What? He knows me?" the chubby Apothecary, Darkwill, was alarmed as he whispered back.

The owl's round eyes looked ahead as it said, "I noticed that he clearly paused for two seconds the moment he saw you."

"Perhaps he thinks someone like me doesn't match his image of an Apothecary?" the chubby Apothecary retorted.

The owl spread its wings and landed. "Suit yourself if you wish to think so."

"...What books have you been reading recently?" The fat on the chubby Apothecary's face trembled.

The owl replied solemnly, "My reading is based on your level of knowledge, including subjects like soccer.

"Unfortunately, your vocabulary, and thus what you can teach me, is limited. I have no choice but to read popular novels with less demanding vocabulary.

"Besides, they're all serialized in the newspaper."

Darkwill chuckled.

"I'll buy a recipe cookbook later. It's called Guide to East Balam Bird Culinary Methods."

Without waiting for the owl to answer, his expression sank and he muttered to himself, "He knows me? He looks like the standard Loenese man. More than half his blood is at least Loen.

"I used a fake name to stay in a few cities in Loen. It's not odd to be recognized by him. But I still need to be on guard. If I don't receive any news about Old Man before March, then I have to leave this place..."

Having said that, he turned his head to look at the owl who was perched on his shoulder.

"At times, you're still rather useful."

"No, your eyes and body language tell me that your real thoughts are 'darn it. I wanted to buy a pet that can help me beat monsters and gangsters. I sought out Beyonder ingredients of a potion recipe according to the standards of a dragon, but I ended up getting a silly bird who only knows how to read newspapers and play. Darn it. I want to stuff another potion down its throat!" the owl repeated like a parrot by mimicking the chubby Apothecary's tone.

Darkwill's expression stiffened for a few seconds before he chuckled.

"It's good that you know this, silly bird!

"If I didn't have the powers of a Beast Tamer, you wouldn't have even managed a single potion!"

Inside the herb store, the man and bird fell into silence.

After a while, the owl pretended as though nothing had happened as it asked, "Darkwill, is it really going to work? You've already entrusted this to dozens of adventurers."

"I'm not good at finding people, so I can only entrust it to someone else. Besides, they have to find and confirm Old Man's location before I make a payment. I don't even need to spend a single penny!" the chubby Apothecary tsked as he said before he sighed. "Old Man always calls himself a lucky person and a winner of fate. He should be fine..."

"Will the medicine brewed from this really be effective?" While returning to the Wind of Azure Inn via carriage, Danitz looked at the paper bag beside Klein.

Inside were black herbs, strangely shaped insect carapaces, and oddly colored flowers. It didn't seem like anything reliable.

Klein nodded.

"Yes."

"You haven't drunk it..." Danitz subconsciously retorted.

I trust him. Although his mouth stinks and is rather vile, he has a rather kind heart... Besides, Captain Elland believes that his medicine is sufficiently effective... As Gehrman Sparrow, Klein gave no response to Danitz's doubts. He directly picked up the paper bag and threw it over.

Without needing any spoken words, Danitz knew what he meant. He was in charge of brewing the medicine.

Furthermore, he had recently grown accustomed to handling similar tasks, so he felt no urge to resist.

After returning to the Wind of Azure Inn, Klein sat in a chair and watched Danitz light the fireplace and set a pot over it. He then added water and the herbs.

Leaning back, Klein felt his head grow groggy. He was very exhausted and felt like he could fall asleep at any moment.

In order to wait for the medicine to finish brewing and for him to quickly resolve his illness, he forced himself to consider various problems to combat the fatigue.

On careful consideration, during the battle with Vice Admiral Ailment, if I hadn't succeeded in sneaking in an attack on her and suppressing her from the very beginning, preventing her from getting into her rhythm until she eventually found a chance to force open a gap between us by turning invisible, then I might've not been her match.

The two powers of invisibility and ailments are really like a bug in a game. Matched with an Assassin's lethal strike, and the interference of pleasure, it really makes one unable to find and hit her or escape. One can only watch their body gradually weaken and become inflicted with all sorts of ailments. One can even get mesmerized and give up resisting...

On the one hand, it's because every Sequence 5 is very powerful. As expected of the Sequence just before a demigod. On the other hand, it's because Creeping Hunger's various powers aren't a good match. It cannot be considered to be multifaceted without any weaknesses.

Yes. The powers of a Sequence 5 Marionettist of the Seer pathway are highly effective against invisibility...

I can try to help the chubby Apothecary find his teacher in the meantime, but without any information, with just a picture, I can only try my luck. I'll have to see when I can directly find a clue. After all, I'm not a god, and I can't find people remotely...

Wait, in a certain way, I am a god!

I can get Sea God believers to help find him. As long as that old gentleman named Roy King once visited Bayam, he would've definitely encountered others and be seen by them. Most native residents secretly believe in Sea God... This is what it means to search through a sea of people...

Also, before Captain Elland leaves Bayam, I should get him to introduce me to a point of contact for the military. In the future, I can get him to reimburse me for any intel. They can also check if there were any travelers named Roy King, who registered on any liners in recent months.

There's another method. I've placed the radio transceiver above the gray fog for some time. I should be able to contact the magic mirror, Arrodes, if I take it down. I was originally planning on asking for Helene's location, but I no longer need to find the red-haired lady anymore. I can switch to Roy King.

Hehe, for a problem that many adventurers wouldn't know how to approach, I have three solutions!

Amidst his thoughts, Klein finally held on until the medicine was successfully brewed.

Looking at the bottle of blackish-green liquid Danitz brought over, he hesitated for two seconds before taking it and raising it to his lips.

Gulp!

Klein immediately felt his throat burn as his face flushed red.

This made him recall his attempt at eating crazy spicy food in his previous life.

Suddenly, his entire person awakened as his stuffy nose quickly cleared.

Gulp! Gulp... He barely finished drinking it and felt as though he had nearly recovered from his sickness.

By nighttime, he had fully recovered. He no longer had any doubts about an Apothecary's abilities.

No wonder the potion is called Apothecary... Klein wore his hat and left the inn with Danitz. Under the cloak of night, they left Bayam and came to a secret harbor hidden on the other end of the jungle.

Tonight, the Golden Dream was providing aid to the Resistance.

After some coordination and effort, Danitz used the Soulfall Ritual to contact Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina.

After some time, the ship, that was often scrubbed clean and had a strange main cannon, docked by the private harbor. Its gigantic sails drew five types of gold coins. They were the gold pound of Loen, the gold hoorn of Feysac, the verl gold of Intis, the gold risot of Feynapotter, and the sassen gold of Lenburg.

This was the Golden Dream's flag and the symbol of this pirate crew.

It's still not professional enough. If it were me, I would add porter gold from Masin, zloty from Segar, motif gold coins from Balam Empire, etc... Klein stood by the side with his hands in his pocket as he watched Edwina Edwards appear at the bow.

At that moment, she was wearing a hunter's hat, a rider's shirt, and a black coat. She matched the image of a female pirate admiral in the minds of the Resistance.

She often dresses like she's a private tutor... Klein mumbled and took a few steps back, allowing Danitz to run around and busy himself.

The pirate worth 5,500 pounds acted as liaison, delivering a batch of food and fabric to Kalat and the Resistance before the transaction concluded.

Danitz secretly inhaled and came to Klein's side and forced a smile.

"There's nothing else, right?

"I can now return to the Golden Dream, right?

"Also, how do you plan on settling the hiring fee?"

That's only an excuse your captain and I used. In a particular sense, this batch of food and fabric is my payment... Klein nodded.

"Your Captain has already paid.

"You can return."

"For real?" Danitz found it unbelievable.

Although Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina wasn't far behind him, he was still afraid that Gehrman Sparrow would suddenly have a crazy fit.

Klein didn't reply and turned around, walking straight towards the path that led out of the private harbor.

Danitz exhaled silently and suppressed his excitement before briskly running back to the Golden Dream.

Only when the Golden Dream sailed far into the night and the Resistance's private harbor slowly shrank in the distance did he truly believe he was back aboard.

At that instant, he felt that he had experienced just too many things over the past half a month or so. It was an unprecedented level of exhilaration, as though it was an interesting dream.

At this moment, a sailor came close and asked out of curiosity, "Boss, was Steel Maveti really killed by you?"

Danitz immediately laughed out loud and secretly stole a glance at Captain Edwina before saying to his subordinate, "I contributed greatly to this deed. Let's talk over drinks!"

Above the dark sea, the Golden Dream drifted off into the distance.

After returning to the Wind of Azure Inn, Klein was just about to sleep when he saw the surrounding colors turn abnormally bright.

The white bedsheets turned whiter, and the brown floorboards turned more brownish-yellow. The dark red curtains appeared like fresh blood...

In the scene with all sorts of colors stacked upon each other, Azik Eggers suddenly walked out from a rippling aqueous void.

He was dressed in his usual shirt, bow tie, tailcoat, and a top hat. His skin was bronze in color, and he had soft facial features.

How enviable... I also wish to have such powers of traveling through the spirit world... Klein silently sighed as he smiled in greeting while maintaining his appearance.

"Good evening, Mr. Azik."

Azik took off his top hat and looked at the rather unfamiliar face. Without finding it strange, he chuckled.

"Apologies. I came in a hurry. I should've knocked on the door.

"What's the exact situation with those Death chronicles?"

Klein invited him to have a seat. He then described in detail things he couldn't explain in the letter. Towards the end, he mentioned in passing the matter regarding Bansy Harbor, saying how it involved King of Angels Medici and "His" descendants.

Azik leaned back into the chair and said with a frown, "There's such a name in my memories. 'He' should have the two titles of Red Angel and War Angel...

"However, 'He' had perished long ago."

"Perished long ago?" Klein asked in surprise.

Azik nodded and thought over it.

"I remember that 'He' was killed by Blood Emperor Alista Tudor."

Killed by Blood Emperor Alista Tudor? Klein's pupils shrank as he recalled the evil spirit that loitered in the underground ruins beneath Backlund.

It had claimed to be an innocent killed by the Blood Emperor!

Chapter 587: Confusing

Could that evil spirit be Red Angel Medici, the King of Angels who once served that Creator and was one of the founders of Rose Redemption? The thought immediately occurred to Klein, and he began reasoning backward in search of traces and clues.

The former holder of the Red Priest card had been drawn to the underground palace by a certain attraction and had died beside the Tudor descendants.

The evil spirit I saw in my dream could easily kill a powerful dragon back when it was alive.

It knows the potion formula of the Mutant pathway's Sequence 4 and even more.

It's very aware of matters regarding Rose Redemption.

The orthodox Churches that have existed ever since the Cataclysm don't know that former Binsy, present-day Bansy, has a descendant of the Medici family residing there, but the evil spirit was able to provide the corresponding information.

There's a very high chance of deriving this from the death of Red Angel Medici... And this King of Angels was actually killed by Blood Emperor Alista Tudor. Does this mean that the latter had already exceeded Sequence 1 and had reached the rank of true god as a Sequence 0 and could no longer be witnessed directly...

That evil spirit had itself said that in the late stages of the Fourth Epoch, Solomon Empire's Black Emperor, Tudor Empire's Blood Emperor, and Trunsoest Empire's Night Emperor were fighting for the position of Sequence 0 until Alista Tudor went crazy... Does this mean that from that point onwards, Blood Emperor was a half-crazy true god?

Right, Mr. Azik mentioned in the letter that he lost his senses from merely being glanced at by Blood Emperor Alista Tudor. Back then, he was at least a Sequence 4 demigod. To have such might, it can only be explained that Blood Emperor was at the true god level...

Mr. Azik also described the revival of the true Black Emperor in his letter. He described "Him" as sitting on a gigantic throne as he overlooked the land... For the Black Emperor to revive and return, there is a high chance that he was a true god at the Sequence 0 rank... If that were the case, the War of the Four Emperors was of a higher order than I previously imagined. It's no longer a battle of three Sequence 1s fighting for the position of Sequence 0... Klein connected all the dots from the past, gaining a brand new understanding of Fourth Epoch history.

But as a result, many questions arose.

If that ancient evil spirit really is King of Angels Medici, then the underground palace might very well belong to Blood Emperor Alista Tudor. Then, why would there be two thrones of equal standing? Why would there be six humanoid statues of the true gods?

Why would the half-crazy Blood Emperor kill Red Angel Medici? After "He" became Sequence 0, which spot did he occupy? Firstly, Black Emperor can be eliminated... It can't be Red Priest, right? Red Angel Medici was killed for its Beyonder characteristic?

But Red Priest and Black Emperor do not seem like neighboring pathways that allow exchanging. I can basically confirm that the former is paired with the Demoness pathway. Yes... Captain mentioned before that consuming the potions of other pathways might not mean death, but there's a high probability of going mad and obtaining warped but terrifying powers. This matches Blood Emperor's half-crazy trait!

In "His" final step, as there was no hope for Black Emperor and any neighboring pathways, "He" took the craziest choice and switched to another pathway that's completely unrelated, becoming half-crazy as the price?

But the same problem arises. Advancing to Red Priest requires King of Angels Medici to be killed, but before advancing, Alista Tudor wouldn't have been able to complete it by "Himself." Unless--"He" had more Sequence 1s helping him or other Sequence 0 true gods...

Upon realizing this, the statues in the underground palace suddenly flashed past Klein's mind.

The Evernight Goddess statue who used the moon as a pillow, the Earth Mother statue that hugged a baby in her bosom, the Lord of Storms statue that had lightning flashing behind him, the handsome Eternal Blazing Sun's statue, the tall and royal God of Combat statue, and the God of Knowledge and Wisdom statue who wore a hood all cast ice-cold gazes at him from the darkness.

At that instant, Klein couldn't help but tremble.

However, he remembered that the six gods supported the Trunsoest Empire, not the Tudor Empire.

The history of the Fourth Epoch becomes more harrowing and confusing the more you delve into it... Klein sighed secretly.

"What are you thinking about?" Azik Eggers noticed his pause.

Klein said in passing, "I was only thinking that since Red Angel Medici had long perished at the hands of Alista Tudor, then who is the God of Weather who has a following in Bansy Harbor during the recent centuries?

"And what's the reason for their odd behavior..."

With this in mind, Klein came to a pause. This was because the matter regarding Bansy Harbor was unlike what he imagined.

He originally believed that Red Angel Medici was asleep there, but to his surprise, 'He' had long perished.

In that case, the secrets underlying the Green Lemon Restaurant and the telegraph office became even more indecipherable. He had no way of deducing anything without any further information. The more he thought about it, the more horrified he became.

Could that evil spirit have expected such an outcome when "He" indicated Binsy Town? That might've been a required step for "Him" to escape the seal? Should I tell this matter to Mr. Azik and gain his opinion?

Yes, I'll let Miss Magician, who's in Backlund, to monitor the area and see whether there are any abnormalities. If there's none, it can wait till I return to Backlund and contact Miss Sharron. After seeking her opinion, I can inform Mr. Azik. After all, it's a ruin we explored together. I have to respect her opinion. If there are any abnormalities, then the matter can only be expedited due to the seriousness of the issue... Klein quickly made a decision.

When Azik heard his question, he laughed.

"Don't think about such matters. They've definitely been buried by the Church of Storms. To forcibly seek out the reasons will only bring about extreme danger. Even at the level of an angel, there's still a chance of perishing."

In the mysterious world, curiosity is often the leading cause of death... Klein recalled the matters he had experienced and heard of in the past.

He switched to saying, "Mr. Azik, I already have a messenger that I can call my own."

"Much faster than I imagined," Azik said with a smile.

Klein simply explained how he changed the incantation and how he completed the summoning and ended up encountering an oddity in the spirit world.

"When summoning spirit world creatures, there's indeed a chance of such things happening when it's not done by someone of the corresponding job. It requires repeated trial and error before obtaining the desired result. But repeated attempts make it easy to encounter danger. Even if you add descriptions like 'friendly,' it isn't absolutely safe. The spirit world creature which is summoned might not have any malicious intent towards you and wouldn't wish to harm you, but it doesn't mean that its very existence won't hurt you. Perhaps just the aura it has can reduce you to a pile of blood." After Azik heard about the creature whose speed surpassed imagination, the being who was easily neglected, and the creature with extremely high survivability, he laughed and warned him. After that, he asked, "How did you succeed in the end?"

Klein said in embarrassment, "I changed the final sentence to 'a unique being that is willing to be my messenger.'"

Azik was taken aback for a second as he curiously looked at Klein.

"This description is too generic. Typically, it wouldn't succeed."

"Perhaps I was rather lucky..." Klein cautiously described his messenger's appearance and even hid the matter of her request for a gold coin.

Azik thought over it carefully and said, "I do not have an impression of this spirit world creature, but since you've already signed a contract and have had it witnessed by the Underworld, she likely wouldn't cause you any harm. However, before you fully understand her, try not to get her to do anything apart from sending letters."

"Alright." Klein originally wanted to say that he had nothing he needed her for other than sending letters when he recalled his battle with Mr. A.

The room fell into a brief moment of silence before Klein pulled the conversation back on track.

"Mr. Azik, when can we head for the Black Death?"

The longer the delay, the higher the chances of whatever he left on the Black Death to be cleaned up during the daily cleaning jobs.

"Now." Azik stood up and put on his hat.

Klein was dressed properly, and just as he was trying to find an excuse to head to the washroom to divine if there would be any danger taking action tonight, Azik grabbed his shoulder and pulled him into the spirit world.

Amidst the stacked colors and nearly formless figures, he heard Mr. Azik say, "Let's begin."

That direct? Don't you need to confirm things? Perhaps a big shot has his own way of determining the level of danger... Klein silently mumbled and held up his cane and began divining the location of the items he left behind.

The cane flew automatically as it tumbled ahead.

Azik followed closely behind with Klein in tow as they smoothly passed through the spirit world.

Before long, the black hardwood cane paused with thick black and stacked shadows ahead of it.

Through this abstract scene, Klein could vaguely identify it as something resembling the Black Death.

At this moment, Azik's body came to a pause as he solemnly said, "The spirits here tell me that there is danger."

There is danger? Something that can make even Mr. Azik find it dangerous? Vice Admiral Ailment got help? A high-ranking member of the Demoness Sect? Klein frowned suddenly.

He fully believed the judgment of the big shot, since Sequence 7 of the Death pathway was Spirit Medium. After advancing to the realm of demigod, being able to notice this was considered very normal.

Azik half-closed his eyes for two seconds before opening them.

"But the problem isn't serious. Let's enter."

The problem isn't serious... That's probably only true when it's directed at you... The corners of Klein's mouth twitched as he decided to change his appearance.

This way, even if he was no match and had to flee pathetically, he didn't have to be afraid of someone coming to knock on his door!

In an instant, Klein possessed a distinctive broad chin and cold blackish-green eyes. His hair turned brown and was tied into a bun at the back of his head like an ancient warrior.

He had disguised himself as the former owner of Creeping Hunger, Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos!

Azik gave him a glance as the surroundings suddenly seemed to plummet as all sorts of bright colors flew by.

In the blink of an eye, Klein found himself in Ailment Maiden Tracy's captain's cabin again.

This gallant and brilliant female pirate was wearing a different white shirt. On her left shoulder was a clear bandage while her black hair was coiled up instead of cascading down amorously.

Faced with this sudden visitor, she didn't show any panic but smiled.

At that moment, a gentle female voice sounded from an unidentifiable location.

"It's you?"

Chapter 588: Old Acquaintance

"It's you?"

Upon hearing the surprise and curiosity in the woman's voice, Klein jumped in fright, thinking someone had recognized him.

He immediately composed himself because he had already changed his appearance to that of the deceased Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos. And inside Qilangos was the crazy adventurer, Gehrman Sparrow. And inside Gehrman Sparrow was the identity of the great detective, Sherlock Moriarty. And inside Sherlock Moriarty was the identity of Klein Moretti.

This wasn't the end. Deep within Klein Moretti was Mr. Fool as well as Zhou Mingrui.

There's no reason that she can directly see my true essence. Besides, how can she know of a trivial character like Klein Moretti... Even Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos wouldn't have left the Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy's helper surprised! To be specially invited by a Sequence 5 pirate admiral to protect herself and deal with her enemy, the person must be at least a Sequence 4 demigod...

Therefore, that sentence was directed at Mr. Azik? That high-ranking Demoness recognize Mr. Azik, who had destroyed their cooperation with the royal family and Ince Zangwill in Backlund, or does she recognize him from one of his former lives? Klein quickly cleared his train of thought and remained guarded against Tracy and her helper's sudden attacks. He also looked through the corner of his eye to observe Mr. Azik's reaction.

He wasn't too surprised that a mysterious powerhouse would appear. Firstly, this was because Mr. Azik had already given a warning, and secondly, it was because he believed that Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy wasn't a self-conceited person. To almost be assassinated without knowing the assassin's backing faction and motive, there was a high probability that she would leave the sea around the Rorsted Archipelago to seek help from the upper echelons of the Demoness Sect.

The only thing he hadn't expected was that her helper would arrive so quickly. It was as though she was nearby or had a mystical item like that of a Traveler.

Judging by the voice's femininity and gentleness, Klein suspected that it belonged to a demigod-level Demoness.

Azik stood on the thick carpet and said after two seconds of hesitation, "You know me?"

This tone sounds uncertain... Could it be that my big shot had once spent a period of time with a Demoness? No, I can't think of it that way... Klein began to imagine things before he seriously felt penitent for having those thoughts.

He noticed that Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy wore an aghast look. Her certainty and calm had turned into puzzlement.

The gentle female voice sounded out from an unknown location again.

"I obviously know you. You should also know me."

Azik turned his ears to the side to listen before he shook his head and gave a rueful smile.

"I'm sorry. I've repeatedly lost my memories and am in the midst of recovering them.

"If you can remind me and invoke more of my memories, I'll be very grateful to you."

Upon hearing their conversation, Tracy's puzzled and confused look settled.

She cautiously swept her gaze at Klein but frowned when she saw Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos's face.

The gentle female voice sighed.

"The last time we met was 1,300 years ago. Back then, Primordial and Death were working together, instigating the Pale Disaster in the Northern Continent. You might've already forgotten that we once fought the Saints and Angels of the Church of the Evernight Goddess.

I know this piece of history. It was recorded in Emperor Roselle's diary... Mr. Door said that it resulted in the Primordial Demoness being heavily injured, and she had only managed to descend in recent times. As for Death, "He" directly perished and created the Berserk Sea that separated the Northern and Southern Continents... The Demoness Sect and the forces of Death had previously cooperated, so it's no wonder that a demigod-ranked Demoness knows Mr. Azik. Man, she's also a monster that has lived for at least 1,400 years! Klein thought with a creative mind.

Following that, he felt puzzled again. He originally imagined that Mr. Azik had suffered heavy injuries from being glanced at by Blood Emperor Alista Tudor during the War of the Four Emperors, which resulted in him constantly losing his memory and forgetting his past. However, what the demigod-ranked Demoness indicated was that not only did Azik survive the War of the Four Emperors, but he had even participated in the Pale Disaster many years later. He didn't seem to have any problems in between.

Azik closed his eyes as though he was trying to squeeze out his memories.

After a few seconds, he asked hesitantly, "Katarina Pelle?

"You... are already a Demoness of Unaging?"

"I'm very happy that you can still remember me. I could only be considered a weakling compared to you back then." A figure outlined itself beside Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy. She wore a simple and pure white gown which had high slits that revealed her flawless legs. Her skin was as white as snow and as tender as a young maiden's.

The woman had black hair and blue eyes, and she looked elegant and pretty. She had an indescribable charm.

She looked at Azik Eggers as a faint smile curled at the corner of her lips.

"More than a thousand years have passed. It's a cause for celebration for us to meet, alive.

"Balam Empire's Mr. Death Consul."

Mr. Azik was Balam Empire's Death Consul... Is that the name of a later potion in the Death pathway? This Demoness of Unaging, Katarina Pelle, looks like she's in her thirties. She's elegant and pure, yet she exudes a mature charm... Wait, why am I thinking about this? Are her Pleasure charms already that potent? Klein hurriedly looked away and nearly had to use Cogitation to calm his emotions.

Without waiting for Azik to speak, Katarina Pelle said in a melodic voice, "I'm curious as to why you continue to lose your memories.

"I remember that it only happens for your pathway during the Undying stage. Dying once every sixty years to revive again and forget the past. However, you have long advanced past that and escaped from that curse.

"What happened to you at the end of the Pale Disaster?

"Heh heh, the seven gods had fractured back then and treated each other as enemies. We both believed that Primordial and Death would succeed, but who knew that the proudest Sun and the most arrogant Tyrant would bow 'Their' heads. They quickly joined forces again. If I hadn't managed to advance by chance, then I might've already perished at the end of that divine battle. I believe you should've suffered some damage which resulted in your present state. Death's perishing is itself the greatest injury for you."

Azik fell silent as he wore an indistinct painful expression.

"I-I can't remember..."

At that moment, Klein realized that Katarina Pelle looked somewhat familiar, and he suspected that she was the white-robed woman who had led Madam Sharon onto the path of a Demoness.

Suddenly, Katarina's eyes turned to sweep a glance at Klein. She chuckled at Azik and said, "I believe you haven't forgotten the reason for visiting today?

"I'm very curious why he would assassinate Tracy. Could it be for justice?"

The glance the Demoness of Unaging swept over was filled with hidden amorousness and sweet playfulness. She resembled an underage young maiden, and her facial features and bearing had magically accentuated that feeling. She didn't have the jarring feeling of a mature lady acting young at all. At that moment, Klein viewed her as a maiden who was sixteen or seventeen.

...She can already perfectly present every charm a woman can bring. She has the skin, facial features, and bearing to match it... As expected of a Demoness of Unaging... Klein had already attempted to use Cogitation to resist this indescribable charm.

He took the initiative to look at Ailment Maiden Tracy.

"Do you know the tycoon named Jimmy Necker?"

Tracy opened her mouth before closing it again. Looking bewildered and aggrieved, she replied, "Who is he?"

"You might not know him. He once collected a batch of ancient chronicles related to Death. He died at the hands of Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos," Klein said while bearing the appearance of Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos.

Tracy narrowed her eyes. She wore a dazed look before turning angry.

"You came for those documents?"

It really is in your hands... Klein determined based on her tone.

He answered indifferently.

"That's right."

Tracy inhaled slightly and said, "Where's Helene? Did you do anything to her? I know she's still alive. If something happens to her, my spiritual intuition will tell me."

Klein made no attempt to be ambiguous and answered her directly, "She has already returned to Intis to lead a brand-new life."

Tracy's expression sank. A storm raged in her eyes as the aura of a pirate admiral fully revealed itself. However, Azik casually swept his gaze over and instantly made her calm down.

The corners of her lips curled up.

"That batch of documents from the mausoleum of the Balam Empire's royalty is indeed in my hands.

"But I wasn't interested in it. I flipped through it casually before handing it to the sect.

"Hehe, even if you had succeeded in assassinating me, you wouldn't have received it. I didn't read it much, so even if you channeled my spirit, I wouldn't be able to reproduce it. Unfortunately, I can't bear to part with my life; otherwise, it definitely would've been interesting to see your disappointment."

Klein calmly said, "No, I won't be disappointed. I can obtain the soul and characteristic of a Demoness of Affliction. I can Graze you and subdue you."

As he spoke, he raised his left palm which had Creeping Hunger on it. It was in the shape of a black glove.

Tracy narrowed her eyes. The look in her eyes became extremely dangerous, like a provoked tiger. If not for the two High-Sequence Beyonders beside her, she might've already attacked.

And the moment Klein finished his sentence, he noticed something amiss.

I'm not acting as Gehrman Sparrow at the moment, so why am I speaking in accordance with his persona... Klein was alarmed as he suspected whether he had been too into character recently.

Remember, you can only be yourself.

I cannot be influenced by the character I act as, because of prolonged acting... This will cause me to become lost and result in losing control!

He quickly reflected on himself and added his conclusions into the acting principles of a Faceless.

Noticing his brief silence, Azik looked at Katarina Pelle and said in his usual tone, "Can you make me a copy of those documents?"

"That's not a big problem." Katarina gave Tracy a glance. "Any requests?"

Tracy stared at Klein and said with a clearly hoarse voice, "Tell me where Helene is."

Klein withdrew his thoughts and looked at her before looking at the pure Demoness of Unaging, Katarina.

He had already made his decision, but he couldn't help but feel hesitant.

He turned to look at Mr. Azik and discovered his warm smile. He wasn't urging him or forcing him.

Klein retracted his gaze and simply said, "I refuse."

Chapter 589: Sowing Discord

For an instant, Klein imagined that Tracy would directly attack him, as her face was already flushing red with anger. Her blue eyes had turned dark like the surface of a sea before an impending storm.

In the end, Tracy didn't act rashly. She looked at Katarina Pelle and awaited the Demoness of Unaging's decision.

She knew very well that, although Sequence 5 and Sequence 4 were just separated by one level, there was a qualitative difference between them. There was no way to bridge the gap with one's battle skills or execution. One was a normal human with special powers, while the other was already a demigod, a legendary creature possessing godhood.

Furthermore, the two present were clearly not Sequence 4. Placed before them, Tracy felt like she was a Low-Sequence Beyonder.

Katarina Pelle didn't seem furious. She looked over Klein, who wore Qilangos's face, and chuckled.

"What an interesting lad. If Mr. Death Consul weren't here, I might not have revealed the turmoil in my heart. Instead, I might've had an unexpected encounter with you that led to a pure and romantic story."

No, you don't want to... This sounds really terrifying... Klein didn't dare look at her as he continued looking at Tracy.

Seeing no response from Azik Eggers, Katarina retracted her gaze and said to Tracy with her melodious voice, "Embrace the afflicted pain; this might be something beneficial for you."

She then looked at Azik.

"I remember that batch of documents. It records the various attempts used by the Balam royalty to revive Death, but unfortunately, they seemed to fail miserably. Towards the end, they seemed to consider creating an artificial Death.

"Are you still interested?"

An artificial Death? How can Death be artificial? Apart from the Uniqueness and Beyonder characteristics, how can there be other methods? It's not like it's something you can find on the street... Was the former Balam Empire and the present Numinous Episcopate all crazy? Klein mumbled silently and didn't interrupt the conversation between the demigods.

Azik pondered for two seconds before asking, "What price do I need to pay?"

Katarina smiled youthfully.

"No, there's no need.

"I thought it over. Helping you regain your memories and find your past in order to become the Death Consul from before should be a rather interesting matter. This can bring more changes and fun to this world."

Those words sound like a rebellious teenage girl... A Demoness of Unaging not only keep the body from aging, but the mind as well? Klein felt it somewhat impossible to grasp her thought process.

Perhaps only a Sequence 6 or 5, or even Sequence 4 of the Spectator pathway can tell? he subconsciously guessed.

Azik nodded and extended his right hand. A piece of paper and a fountain pen in the room automatically flew over as though invisible spirits were at his service.

After scribbling, he threw the paper over.

"You can summon my messenger."

So there's only one copper whistle... For it to remain effective for more than a thousand years, that copper whistle is definitely no simple item... Klein instinctively wished to reach out to touch Azik's copper whistle inside his pocket, but he held back.

Katarina caught the piece of paper and scanned it before pursing her lips into a smile.

"I thought you would've simply told me where to find you in the Underworld."

She looked up as her blue eyes effused an indescribable warmth as she smiled faintly.

"I still remember how Mr. Death Consul from before was such a powerful but cold man. He left a deep impression on me.

"I'm also curious as to why you would become so soft."

Azik held his fist to his mouth and shook his head with a bitter smile.

"I'm immortal, but that doesn't mean I don't age. Once a person ages, they will often become placid."

"No." Katarina's eyes flickered deep down as she said without concealing anything, "I look forward to the day you recover all your memories. I wish to see how you would evaluate the present you."

Upon saying that, she curled her lips slightly and winked at Klein.

"Perhaps we will release an existence more evil than a devil."

...This is her trying to sow discord, right... Klein muttered inwardly, but he couldn't help but recall the Pale Disaster recorded in many historical books and Church tomes. It had caused a large number of casualties and had turned the Northern Continent into a living hell. And this disaster was mainly led by Death and the Primordial Demoness, with Death's entourage and the Demoness Sect from the Southern Continent. In this entire matter, Mr. Azik, who was known as Death Consul, definitely played a rather important role...

Azik fell silent for a few seconds, then grabbed Klein's shoulder and pulled him into the spirit world to traverse it. In an instant, only the Demoness of Unaging Katarina Pelle and Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy remained in the Black Death's captain's cabin.

The latter looked at the spot where the two had disappeared, and after taking a while to calm herself, she clenched her teeth and said, "I'll never forget this matter!"

Katarina resumed her pure demeanor and smiled faintly.

"Feel the afflicted pain. The more pain you feel, the more you will realize how weak you are. When the pain reaches a threshold, the desire to change yourself will reach a certain intensity, allowing you to withstand the potion and obtain godhood during the ritual to become a demigod..."

When Tracy heard this, she suddenly thought of something. Her expression froze as she blurted out, "Helene was able to escape the Black Death because of..."

Katarina smiled mildly.

"You are my youngest child, but you are the one who's most promising at becoming a demigod. As a mother, I will naturally want to help you."

Tracy's facial muscles twitched as she said with a warped expression, "That's right. I have a mother like you, and a mom...

"Why didn't you tell me the truth from the beginning? You clearly knew the mid- and low-Sequences of several other pathways!"

Katarina turned her body as her white gown fluttered. She said ethereally, "We all need to approach the Primordial.

"We are all 'Her' children."

As she spoke, surging but silent black flames soared over the huge sailboat which was dozens of meters long. The flames covered every corner as they burned silently without injuring any of the pirates on the Black Death, as though they were clearing up any accumulated dust.

The stacked colors quickly receded, and the indescribable transparent figure went far into the distance. Klein's spirituality suddenly stirred as he felt that the items he had left on the Black Death had all vanished.

As expected of a Demoness of Unaging... Klein sighed. Just as he was about to say something, he felt himself plummet. He had left the spirit world with Azik.

He found himself in a mountain valley with a river flowing. There were fertile fields with a manor and town that was built in a Loenese style.

Klein looked around him and discovered that he was standing in a dark cemetery that had long been abandoned.

"Mr. Azik..." he shouted in puzzlement.

Azik walked to a grave with a broken tombstone covered in weeds. He said solemnly, "After meeting Katarina Pelle, I recalled some things.

"I once told you that in a particular dream, in one of my lives, I had a daughter. She had soft black hair and enjoyed sitting in a swing I made myself while requesting sweets from me.

"When traversing the spirit world, I suddenly sensed the call of my bloodline."

Affected by his emotions, Klein asked solemnly, "Is this her..."

Azik nodded and crouched down. He touched the halved tombstone as his bronze face wore a gentle, sorrowful, and confused look.

"This is her grave.

"If I recall correctly, she's been dead for 926 years..."

926 years... Klein wanted to say something, but he was stopped by that extended period of time.

If it wasn't for the Churches compelling people to be buried in cemeteries and providing a certain degree of surveillance, it would've been hard to find this grave and tombstone, since there hadn't been any all-out wars since the Fifth Epoch.

A human life lasted mere decades, but this had been 926 years.

After a long moment of silence in the cemetery, Azik got up again and grabbed Klein's shoulder.

"I'll send you back first."

After a few minutes of traversing the spirit world, Klein saw the white bedsheets and yellowish-brown floorboards.

Azik pressed down on his hat and said in a deep voice, "I'll continue my journey while you continue on your adventures."

Klein nodded. Just as he was about to say something, he saw Mr. Azik curl his lips and smile.

"Were you afraid that I would become an evil person like a Demoness after fully recovering my memories?"

Before Klein could reply, Azik sighed.

"I'm also very worried.

"But, I have a greater desire for discovering myself."

After saying that, the surrounding aqueous void around him rippled as he vanished from the room.

For a long period of time, Klein stood in his spot, silent.

He shook his head and laughed silently as he consoled himself, Perhaps when the time comes, I'll already be a powerhouse at the level of angel. I can establish a treatment facility that treats antisocial personalities and have Miss Justice be the head doctor...

Collecting his thoughts, Klein sat down and habitually reflected on his operation.

I originally thought that I could Graze a Demoness of Affliction and obtain Death's chronicles while making further progress in the human disappearances. Who knew that the development and outcome were completely out of my expectations. I only managed to complete the initial goals.

Sigh, I cannot incite Mr. Azik to take action since he hasn't completely recovered. Furthermore, the person we were facing was a Demoness of Unaging... What's most important is to be strong myself. Relying on myself is better than asking for help from others. Heh heh, on careful consideration, I do rely on myself most of the time...

I can attack the human disappearance cases from the angle of the buyer, that Crazy Captain Connors Viktor.

Klein changed his sitting posture and nodded to himself as he murmured inwardly, The greatest gain that I received was to establish the preliminary acting principles of a Faceless. It's to get into character and be detached, overcome any aversions, and to be careful about being too immersed in the role.

This way, by relying only on simple, ordinary, real acting, perhaps it will take a year or two to digest the potion. But for me, I should be able to fully digest it in about four to six months...

After reflecting on the matter, Klein prepared to sleep. He planned on taking down the radio transceiver from above the gray fog once it was daybreak, so as to establish communications with the magic mirror, Arrodes.

Of course, he had to first divine the level of danger above the gray fog.

Chapter 590: Arrodes's Bottom Line

Early in the morning, above the gray fog.

Klein conjured a pen and paper as he deliberated over the divination statement: "Using the radio transceiver is dangerous."

After carefully checking the statement twice, he took out the spirit pendulum under his left sleeve and began divining.

During this process, he was on high alert and was somewhat afraid. He was like a child covering his ears while lighting a firecracker--if the outcome would involve the True Creator or the Primordial Demoness, then he would encounter danger simply from divining it. If it were any other person, they would only end up losing control or dying. However, Klein had the gray fog to shield him and prevent him from having such a tragic outcome. Hence, it was obvious that anything that happened above the gray fog was better than courting death in the real world. He was afraid that using it repeatedly would allow the evil gods to lock onto him and personally pay him a visit.

He quickly entered the state of Cogitation and silently recited the divination.

After chanting seven times, he knew the answer without opening his eyes, since he was completely fine sitting there in his seat and wasn't suffering from any extreme pain.

When Klein looked at the dangling topaz, he discovered that it was indeed spinning counterclockwise.

Phew... Klein heaved a sigh of relief and immediately returned to the real world and began preparing a ritual to bring the radio transceiver from above the gray fog to the real world.

After about half an hour, he finally heard the radio transceiver begin to click and clack. An illusory sheet of white paper emerged with lines of Loenese written on it.

"I'm here.

"Great Master, is that you?"

Why does it feel like it's craning its neck... Klein suddenly recalled the emoticons from his previous life. It was an adorable alpaca that craned its neck out.

He took two steps forward and answered tersely and with reserve.

Amidst clicking sounds, more illusory paper was spat out.

"Your loyal and humble servant, Arrodes, at your service."

Klein hid his discomfort in the depths of his heart and asked, "Arrodes, tell me. Where is Roy King from the Life School of Thought?"

Due to the chubby Apothecary's description, he knew that the organization developed itself based on a master and apprentice system. He inferred that they grasped the two Beyonder pathways of Monster and Apothecary. This matched the characteristics of the Life School of Thought.

Meanwhile, Klein prepared Roy King's picture, with the intention of relying on himself rather than on others.

The tapping sounds intensified as Arrodes produced a portrait with the radio transceiver. It was none other than Roy King with his hair neatly combed back while wearing a framed pair of glasses.

"Is this him?" A line of Loenese appeared behind the portrait.

Klein nodded.

"Yes."

Arrodes made the radio transceiver's tapping sound turn abnormally brisk.

"Great Master, the person you wish to find is imprisoned in the governor-general's office of the City of Generosity, Bayam."

Locked in the governor-general's office? Klein frowned slightly and wasn't in a rush to continue asking. He said with confidence and frankness, "Alright, according to your rules, it's your turn to ask."

Tap. Tap. Tap. Arrodes used the radio transceiver to produce a smiley face and a line of text.

"I've already asked, and you have already answered."

When did that happen? Klein was taken aback before looking at the content before the illusory piece of paper. He saw the previous question: "Is it him?"

This works? That actually counts? In that instant, Klein finally understood how much freedom Arrodes had to its rules. Against any ordinary person, it could be as strict and vile as it wanted. It even needed spectators, but when it came to Klein, those rules were ignored, and he blatantly made it easy.

How did this guy adopt such a personality... Klein considered for two seconds before asking another question.

"Arrodes, do you know the book 'Groselle's Travels'?"

Arrodes fell silent for two seconds before making the radio transceiver type. It spat out more illusory paper.

"Great Master, your question is too nice for me. All I needed to do was answer 'yes' and be done with the question. I've modified the question a little, changing it to 'tell me what you know about Groselle's Travels.'

"This is a very magical book. Many of its owners have vanished.

"I'm unable to tell who its creator is, but I'm certain that it first appeared among the dragons, after the disappearance of the City of Miracles, Liveseyd."

It appeared after the City of Miracles, Liveseyd, which was conjured by the Dragon of Imagination, Ankewelt? I might be able to recommend this to Miss Justice. She might be interested. If she really wishes to buy it, as a middleman, I can study it ahead of time above the gray fog... If something bad happens from the study, resulting in the complete destruction of the book, I can tell her that the seller went back on their word and a refund was made... Thinking of this, being a platform is really promising! Klein's thoughts raced as he said to the radio transceiver, "It's your turn."

I do want to know what kind of odd question you can ask... Klein thought silently.

Arrodes didn't pause as he produced a line in Loenese: "Great Master, I've already asked and you have already answered."

When did that happen... Klein looked in confusion and amusement at the first few pages of illusory paper before finally seeing the so-called question at the beginning: "Great Master, is that you?"

I have to say that this magic mirror named Arrodes really shows no shame when it tries to suck up to me... However, such a paired question format really satisfies an OCD. It's like the AND operator back when I studied programming languages myself... Klein cleared his throat and continued asking, "Why was Roy King imprisoned in the governor-general's office?"

The radio transceiver produced its clickety-clack and spat out illusory paper.

"Ever since the disappearance of the Snake of Mercury from the Life School of Thought, the organization fractured and encountered plenty of danger. Some even died at the hands of the Rose School of Thought.

"The Life School of Thought developed in a secretive manner with the master and apprentice format, but they have an Elder Council among the upper echelons. They harmonized the conflicts between the different internal factions. Since the Fifth Epoch, the Elder Council changed to a more trendy name known as the Fate Council. There are seven councilors, and the Snake of Mercury is the president.

"Roy King's teacher is one of the Fate Council's councilors and had gotten into trouble after the Snake of Mercury's disappearance. And before this, he had handed an important Sealed Artifact of the Life School of Thought to Roy King. This is the reason why Roy King was secretly captured by the Loen military."

The disappearance of the Snake of Mercury? Klein instantly made the connection to Will Auceptin, who was hiding in Backlund, as well as the other Snake of Mercury that had been pursuing him without ever showing its face. Klein suspected the other Snake of Mercury to be Angel of Fate, Ouroboros.

The Life School of Thought's Snake of Mercury is definitely not the one searching for Will Auceptin, as he has had plenty of opportunities to contact his organization and not be "missing"... Perhaps it's Will Auceptin or a third snake. This cannot be determined... Klein gently nodded and said to the radio transceiver, "Ask."

I'm sure you haven't asked me any other questions. Hehe, let's see what you'll ask... I have to say, people have a little bit of masochism in them. Others are afraid of Arrodes's questions, but it has already waived off two questions for me. Now, I do wish for it to formally ask me a question... Klein waited with piqued interest.

Tap. Tap. Tap. The radio transceiver's sounds suddenly became somewhat solemn as the illusory piece of paper spat out with increasing difficulty.

"Well, Great Master, what should I do to be a better, loyal, and humble servant?"

...I've underestimated your bottom line... Klein restrained his exasperated expression as he replied in a deep voice, "Just maintain your present state."

"Alright." The tapping sounds became lighter again. "The aura is about to disperse. Your loyal and humble servant, Arrodes, awaits to be at your service."

Finally, Arrodes added a drawing of a hand waving.

It's really talented... That's right, it's not hard for a magic mirror that knows so much, to know such things... Klein watched as the radio transceiver turned silent.

He took a few steps and sat by the edge of the bed, considering the matter regarding Roy King.

He had no intention of infiltrating Bayam's governor-general's office and rescuing Roy King under the military's tight security. This was because he didn't know the man at all, and he hadn't even seen him before. The only connection they had was through the chubby Apothecary.

The basement of the Church of Storms definitely has many Beyonders locked up there. But what has that got to do with me? Klein chuckled as he shook his head.

In the information provided to him by Arrodes, Klein noticed that the mystical item which Admiral of Blood Senor had, which made him sufficiently lucky, came from the Life School of Thought. There was a high probability that the faction backing this pirate admiral was the Rose School of Thought. They were taking advantage of the Snake of Mercury's disappearance, so they could kill members of the Life School of Thought.

This also reminds me that I need to be more careful than ever when dealing with pirate admirals. Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy obtained the support of Demoness of Unaging Katarina Pelle without any warning. The other pirate admirals won't be without supporters of their own. They often represent a faction or organization... Admiral of Blood is backed by the Rose School of Thought, while Admiral of Stars is backed by the Moses Ascetic Order and, in a sense, our Tarot Club. Admiral Hell's backers are likely the Numinous Episcopate and the King of the Five Seas. As for Vice Admiral Iceberg, she's likely backed by the Church of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom...

The backers of Vice Admiral Deep Sea and Vice Admiral Dusk are currently unknown, but they couldn't possibly have relied solely on themselves to reign supreme over the seas for so many years.

Now on second thought, which faction was backing Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos? The one that gave him Creeping Hunger, or the unspeakable organization that instigated him to assassinate Duke Negan?

Yes, I must be careful not to expose my intention of hunting pirate admirals in the future. Furthermore, I can only make one attempt and immediately distance myself if I fail. As Klein's thoughts varied, he suddenly thought of something.

The paper crane that was personally folded by that Snake of Mercury, Will Auceptin, was still with him!

Chapter 591: Making Good Use of Things

Klein's memories of the paper crane were still fresh. Back then, Will Auceptin had used this item to locate Dr. Aaron's Astral Projection and fed him information while he dreamed of the spirit world. This produced a revelation that developed into a specific dream.

Klein later exchanged a paper crane he had folded himself for Will Auceptin's and had gone above the gray fog to make a divination. He failed to gain any effective conclusions until Dr. Aaron's wife got pregnant. From the timing and his understanding of the situation between a Sequence 1 and Sequence 0, he guessed that Will Auceptin was undergoing a cycle of rebirth, and he guessed that Will was in an intense battle with another Snake of Fate for the position of Sequence 0. The nightmare brought about by the paper crane had only been incidental. Its true purpose was to help Will Auceptin secretly become a fetus.

The most amusing part of the matter was that the paper crane Klein had folded was treated as Will Auceptin's original, while the Nighthawks made an even cruder replica to swap with it.

Will Auceptin's paper crane has been above the gray fog ever since I threw it up there. I nearly forgot about it... Divining with it can only yield an extremely vague revelation. If there weren't any other developments, it would be hard to infer that the child conceived by Dr. Aaron's wife was Will Auceptin. On the contrary, Will Auceptin can use it to locate the crane through the spirit world, just as Arrodes can rely on the gray fog's aura to connect to the radio transceiver via the spirit world...

Eh, this might actually work... Klein suddenly sat bolt upright as an ingenious idea occurred to him.

He wanted to use the paper crane to communicate with Will Auceptin in a dream!

This might not be of any use to me as I am now. There might even be certain hidden dangers, but if Will Auceptin is really the Snake of Fate from the Life School of Thought, providing him with intelligence will definitely win me a favorable impression... It's necessary to invest in an existence at the level of a King of Angels ahead of time. If I wait until he's really born, I might be repaid dozens of times over. Since I won't die from trying, uh--I can still revive if I die... Although Klein had such a thought, he was in fact very cautious. He planned on divining the danger above the gray fog before deciding whether to carry out his plan.

After making the necessary preparations and confirming that the danger involved was acceptable, he used a ritual to bring back the paper crane from above the gray fog into the real world.

Perhaps it was because it came from a Sequence 1 Snake of Fate, the paper crane didn't exhibit any peculiarities from its prolonged stay above the gray fog. It remained ordinary.

I hope the aura above the gray fog didn't neutralize its uniqueness; otherwise, Will Auceptin won't be able to locate it. Hmm, the Sequence before Snake of Fate is Soothsayer. Would this matter already be within Will Auceptin's expectations?

Did he choose Dr. Aaron because he's my friend, allowing him to establish a connection with me? Am I being too narcissistic...

However, this is worth questioning. After Will Auceptin used the paper crane to find Dr. Aaron, he could've directly "reincarnated," so why did he repeatedly give him nightmares? Furthermore, the dream also revealed the struggle between the Snakes of Fate. An ordinary person would neither understand it nor be able to play a meaningful role in the matter. Isn't this like trying to attract a blind person's attention with a meaningful look?

Will Auceptin created the dream for me?

Klein frowned slightly and had certain guesses.

He suppressed his puzzlement and picked up a fountain pen. As he filled it with ink, he considered a sentence to leave on the paper crane to attract Will Auceptin's attention.

What should I write? Klein recalled what Arrodes had informed him about the situation with the Life School of Thought, and he felt that there was one line that could encompass everything while sounding striking and heartfelt.

That line was: "Your home blew up!"

That sentence is too crude, direct, and impolite. Besides, Will Auceptin might not be the president of the Life School of Thought... After some deliberation, Klein carefully unfolded the paper crane. He wrote words across its different surfaces, forming a very short sentence: "Roy King has been captured."

After doing all of this, Klein put down the fountain pen and placed the paper crane into his wallet, just like Dr. Aaron had done before.

On the outskirts of the Rorsted Sea, on a gigantic fog-covered island far from the main sea routes.

Amidst a shrill cry, a blue bird of prey that resembled a shadow plummeted from the sky and crashed heavily into the ground. It sent soil scattering as its blood splattered.

Alger Wilson remained cautious. He stood far away and raised his left hand, which bore an iron-black ring on his thumb. He pointed it at the terrifying Beyonder creature known as a Blue Shadow Falcon.

On the tip of the ring was a spike-like protrusion. It was tainted with old blood, looking ancient and sinister.

This was the mystical item he had bought from an Artisan with Steel Maveti's bounty. He publicly claimed that it cost him 5,200 pounds despite it actually costing only 3,100 pounds.

The ring's name was "Whip of Mind." It could inflict intense mental damage on an enemy that was difficult to resist. Apart from that, it could strengthen Alger's mastery of various weapons; therefore, it wasn't actually very expensive.

Back then, the Artisan and his friend had two mystical items. One was the "Whip of Mind," and the other was the "Ring of Witchcraft." The latter had more abilities and greater versatility while costing almost the same as the former. It was a better choice, but after serious consideration, Alger still chose the Whip of Mind. He believed that without such an item, his hunt for the Blue Shadow Falcon would be several times more difficult because it was a Beyonder creature that could fly. Reality had proved his judgment right.

For this, Alger was willing to experience a constant headache, a nagging feeling that made him want to slam his head into a wall.

After waiting for several minutes, he saw points of light float up from the Blue Shadow Falcon. Six crystalline feathers condensed around its wing as Alger heaved a sigh of relief and walked over.

He had a flaxen cloth tied around his forehead, and embedded inside it was a blood-red gem that emitted light resembling moonlight.

This was meant to be the Vampire Baron inheritance for Emlyn White, but Alger wasn't in a hurry to complete the transaction after obtaining it. Instead, he used the characteristic, which he could use to some extent, as insurance during his hunt for the Blue Shadow Falcon.

At times, being a middleman is rather nice... Alger put away the six crystalline feathers as he sighed silently.

He straightened his body and looked towards the towering mountain peak and dense forest around it on the primitive island. He felt that many indescribable dangers lurked there.

My strength is insufficient to explore the area... Alger retracted his gaze and walked towards the island's periphery, constantly wary of any "predators" around him.

Soon, he jumped into the sea, and with his powers as a Seafarer, he easily swam into the distance. His ghost ship was anchored there, and his sailors were still sleeping thanks to the Sanguine's anesthetic gas.

To reach this primitive island, the ship had to steer away from the main sea routes. With sea monsters lurking and storms raging, the journey would take at least six hours, and the ship could sink at any moment. Only a Seafarer familiar with the route could bring the ship close.

Late that night, Klein, who had rested for an entire day, put down his newspapers and burrowed into bed.

Just as he was about to fall asleep, he suddenly thought of a problem.

Now that Danitz has returned to the Golden Dream, would it be wasteful for me to stay in a large suite alone? Klein gave an almost imperceptible nod and decided to check out at daybreak and switch to another inn.

After making up his mind, he quickly fell asleep. Suddenly, his mind became clear through the haze.

He knew that some force had intruded into his dream!

I'm very impressive to be able to sense the dream intrusion of a Snake of Fate. No--the gray fog is very impressive... Klein surveyed his surroundings and discovered that he was located in a pitch-black desolate plain. Not far away was a black steeple.

This was a scene he had seen before in Dr. Aaron's dream, but at this moment, there wasn't a mysterious silver giant snake on the steeple.

Klein nodded in thought as he sped up his pace and entered the pitch-black steeple. It remained ancient and dilapidated. The layout was chaotic, with the staircase sometimes spiraling upward and at other times slanting downward. Some of the rooms were normal, others were upside down, and still others were embedded in different parts of the structure.

Passing through, door after door and wall after wall, Klein once again arrived deep inside the black tower.

Tarot cards lay scattered here, clustered around a slightly raised patch of ground in the middle.

There was a line of silver words and a portrait.

The portrait was that of the chubby Apothecary, and the silver words formed the sentence: "Inform Darkwill."

So the chubby Apothecary's name is Darkwill... Will Auceptin really is the Snake of Fate from the Life School of Thought. And I really can use the paper crane to communicate with him in a dream... Klein waited for a moment, and seeing that there were no other revelations, he exited the dream and fell asleep again.

After daybreak, Klein confirmed that there would be no additional charge for checking out at noon. He then put on his top hat and rode a carriage to the Red Theater's entrance.

The famous brothel was at its quietest at this hour, as deserted as a haunted house.

Klein glanced at it before walking diagonally across to the alley and arriving outside Darkwill's folk herb store.

He suddenly sensed something as he looked up at the roof, and he saw a fat owl perched there, looking at him.

The chubby Apothecary was apparently trying to tame a Beyonder animal before... Klein retracted his gaze in thought as he knocked on the door.

Thump! Thump! Thump! Thump! Thump! Thump!

After waiting for a while, he saw Darkwill open the door with his eyes barely open.

"You aren't sick," Darkwill said after observing him.

Klein maintained Gehrman Sparrow's cold expression and politely widened the corners of his mouth.

"Good morning, Mr. Apothecary.

"I've found your teacher."

"Really?" Darkwill asked in disbelief. "You just received the mission the day before yesterday..."

Chapter 592: Three Advancements in a Week

What does my receiving the mission the day before yesterday have to do with when I find him? If I didn't need to spend a day waiting for the Snake of Fate, Will Auceptin, to locate me, I could've done so 24 hours earlier... That's professionalism! Klein answered calmly, "You can choose not to hear what I have to say."

Darkwill swallowed his prepared response, the muscles in his face twitching.

"Go ahead and say it."

Klein said flatly, "I received intel that Roy King has been captured by the military and is now imprisoned in the governor-general's office."

News I received from Arrodes... he added inwardly.

"Really?" Darkwill couldn't help widening his eyes and blurting out the question again.

Klein gave an almost imperceptible nod and said, "My information source is sufficiently reliable."

"But I have no way of confirming it..." Darkwill said hesitantly.

"This is because it involves an important Sealed Artifact of the Life School of Thought," Klein said directly.

Darkwill immediately jumped in alarm as he took two steps back and looked around warily, afraid that someone had heard what Klein had just said.

Can this sort of thing be said out on the street? He knows that we're from the Life School of Thought, and he knows that Old Man is involved in an important Sealed Artifact... I only learned of that from my last communication with him... Darkwill gradually began to believe the adventurer in front of him.

Klein swept a glance at the owl who swooped down and landed on the chubby Apothecary's shoulder.

"You can pay me now."

"I can't confirm it. I can't just believe what you say, right..." Darkwill said stubbornly.

Then, he saw the eyes of the adventurer in front of him turn abnormally cold.

He trembled and hurriedly said, "All right. I'll reluctantly consider the mission complete."

Reluctantly, he took out a wad of cash from a secret pocket in his witch doctor robes and handed Klein 100 pounds in assorted notes.

Although he was a Beyonder, the physical enhancements he obtained from his job as an Apothecary and Beast Tamer weren't enough to help in direct combat. He wasn't necessarily able to defeat an ordinary person with a revolver. The Beyonder pet he had raised likewise possessed no combat abilities. Faced with an experienced and resourceful adventurer who was also likely a Beyonder, even he and the owl together might not be a match for him. All he could do was comply.

It wasn't easy to save that much money... he lamented inwardly.

Being an Apothecary was indeed profitable, even more so out in the colonies. There were pirates, sailors, and adventurers. There were all sorts of people, and the official organizations were more relaxed about enforcing the rules. He could sell certain banned medicines without anyone coming to knock at his door. For the past two months, the customers from the Red Theater alone were enough to earn him more than he had previously earned in a year.

However, as a Beyonder, his expenses were huge as well. He had spent most of his savings when advancing to Beast Tamer. Later, he reared a pet and, with great difficulty, bought the potion formula and ingredients for it. He also purchased defensive charms for himself, leaving him only a few hundred pounds in savings.

Klein received the cash and counted it, verifying the notes' authenticity before putting them in his pocket and leaving.

After seeing Klein's figure disappear from the alley, Darkwill's expression sank.

It's too dangerous here... Too dangerous... I have to leave as quickly as possible! As he mumbled, he returned inside his herb store. Once inside, he dragged out a brown suitcase and quickly stuffed all sorts of clothes and neatly folded cash into it.

Finally, he poured out the notes and coins of different denominations from the cash register, stuffed them into his pocket, and took the fake identification documents he had spent a fortune on. With the brown suitcase, he walked out of his folk herb store.

Looking back at the various medicinal ingredients he hadn't finished selling yet, Darkwill's chubby face clearly twitched.

He took a breath and locked the door despite his aching heart. He hired a carriage and headed straight for Bayam's liner ticketing company at the harbor.

It's too dangerous, way too dangerous. Old Man has been caught... He's been caught... Darkwill repeated silently as he trembled in the carriage.

In this state, he finally arrived at the ticketing company, and after paying for the carriage, he rushed into the lobby and queued up for the liner to East Balam.

Phew... Phew... Darkwill kept taking a few deep breaths as he closely followed the customer ahead of him and shifted forward.

"Get me the first ship out of here," he emphasized to himself.

As the line inched forward, Darkwill finally calmed down.

His expression twisted, then quickly relaxed, only to twist again. This happened several times.

When there was only one customer left in front of him, Darkwill paused on the spot.

Dumbass! You dumbass! he cursed himself and immediately turned around, carried his suitcase, and walked out of the ticketing lobby with his identification documents.

Klein didn't concern himself with how Darkwill would save his teacher, Roy King. He believed that it wasn't something he needed to worry about.

They have the Life School of Thought backing them. Although it has recently fractured, it's an ancient organization founded early in the Fifth Epoch, with centuries of history and a considerable heritage. The chubby Apothecary will naturally be able to find someone to help... If even the Life School of Thought can't do it, it will be useless even if I get the entire Tarot Club to help. So there's no need for me to worry about him. The military in Bayam has a demigod... Of course, he might not be in the governor-general's office and might instead be at the military base. Inside the carriage, Klein took out his wallet and looked at the paper crane in it, wondering if he should immediately throw it above the gray fog.

I'll wait longer. Perhaps that Snake of Fate, Will Auceptin, might want to give me some perks... I should prepare a pencil next time. I neglected a problem. A paper crane is only so large. Writing with a fountain pen will quickly use up all the available space... Then I won't be able to contact Will Auceptin and will have no choice but to wait passively. And I can't keep the paper crane on me all day. In a few days, I'll send it back to the junk pile above the gray fog. After all, I cannot always have Will Auceptin tracking me. I have to be careful... Klein quickly made a decision and returned to the Wind of Azure Inn, packed his suitcase, and checked out of the luxurious suite.

To his delight, Danitz had paid in advance during his second stay, which made him responsible for the 5 soli in fees.

Soon, Klein switched to a different district and came to Otum Street, which was close to Amyris Leaf Bar. He stayed in an inn called Teana. He got a clean and simple room, which cost 2 soli and 2 pence a day. There was also a complimentary cup of fruit juice squeezed from the gigantic fruit named Teana.

As he drank the slightly sweet milky fruit juice, Klein no longer cared about his image. He slumped into a reclining chair and decided to let his mind wander and take a nap for the next two hours before going above the gray fog to browse through the prayers of his believers to experience the different facets of people's lives.

Backlund, the White family.

Emlyn looked at the blood-red "gem" that appeared in front of him at the altar, and he seemed to be able to hear it resonating with his blood.

After thanking Mr. Fool, he picked up the gem and sensed the uniqueness flowing within it, confirming that it was the inheritance of a Sanguine Baron.

As long as I prepare the corresponding inheritance ritual and supplementary ingredients, I'll become a Baron. And this isn't difficult at this stage, Emlyn thought with anticipation and glee. Under the human system, I would be a Sequence 6 Beyonder. The corresponding Sequence is Potions Professor!

In the blink of an eye, it was Monday again. Above the Fog Sea, a fleet was tearing through the thin fog and blue sea.

Their flagship was a gigantic sailboat flying a distinctive flag. It depicted an eyelash-less eye with ten stars surrounding it.

Admiral of Stars Cattleya stood by the window of the captain's cabin, quietly watching the sunlight shine through the thin fog until the cuckoo emerged from the wall clock.

She glanced at the time and quickly converted it to Loen time. She then pulled the curtains and sat behind her desk.

Placed on the red wooden table were a brass sextant and a light-blue celestial globe. The latter's surface had large blank regions that hadn't been explored or were impossible to explore.

Cattleya reached out her fingers and played with the celestial globe before closing her eyes as she awaited The Fool's summoning.

Before long, a crimson light flooded her eyes, drowning her completely.

By the time she got used to the changes, she found herself in the sacred palace supported by stone columns. She was before a long, mottled bronze table.

While Miss Justice was greeting everyone energetically, Cattleya also paid her respects to Mr. Fool, who was still covered in the grayish-white fog.

She swept her gaze around, and her black eyes with a slight tinge of purple suddenly constricted.

She realized that The Hanged Man, The Moon, and The Sun, who were sitting opposite her, had slight changes in their spiritual auras. They were different from before!

This indicated that they had advanced!

This meant that they had advanced in the previous few days!

In just a week, three Tarot Club members had advanced. It's likely that The Hanged Man and The Moon have already reached Sequence 6... Is this a coincidence? They happened to consume the potion this week? It's statistically possible. The Moon and The Sun did purchase ingredients last week, but this also shows that the Tarot Club members advance very quickly; otherwise, such a coincidence wouldn't have occurred...

Of course, it's not strange to advance quickly below Sequence 5 once a Beyonder masters the acting method and has sufficient resources... From Sequence 6 to Sequence 5, a ritual is required, and digestion becomes increasingly difficult. It will be difficult for this to happen again... Cattleya withdrew her gaze.

Afterward, Audrey apologized to Mr. Fool, saying that she hadn't been in contact with the Psychology Alchemists recently and wasn't able to provide any Roselle diary pages. Fors was in a similar situation. Her teacher was slow in replying to her, and the cold weather outside left her reluctant to head out.

Having just advanced and having many things to settle, Derrick wasn't able to produce new ancient myths. Klein could only calmly nod.

Upon seeing this, Derrick heaved a sigh of relief and turned his head to the other end of the long bronze table.

"Mr. World, I've obtained the method for separating a Beyonder characteristic from the mental corruption left by a Rampager."

Don't say it so directly... At the other end of the bronze table, Klein's expression nearly froze.

Little Sun, although you've made this promise several times before, letting Miss Justice and Mr. Hanged Man learn of it, can't you see that Ma'am Hermit just joined? Klein resisted the urge to facepalm.

Chapter 593: Solution

A method for separating a Rampager's mental corruption from a Beyonder characteristic... The Hermit Cattleya shot a glance at The World and guessed that he might've obtained one or two Beyonder characteristics that a Rampager left behind. In addition, one of them likely involved the advancement characteristic for The World or someone close to him.

This was easy to infer. If one didn't use a Beyonder characteristic as a potion's main ingredient, the Rampager's mental corruption inside it wouldn't matter when it was made into a mystical item. At worst, its negative side effects would be extremely strong, making it equivalent to a Sealed Artifact, but that didn't mean there was no way to use it.

After composing himself, Klein controlled The World to answer hoarsely, "Write it on a piece of paper and pass it to me."

With that said, Klein wanted to commend Little Sun for being trustworthy, but he immediately found himself in a minor dilemma upon considering The World's image as a gloomy and reserved person who never said anything extra unless he had ulterior motives.

No, there's an ulterior motive... Encouraging Little Sun to maintain his principles will make things much easier in the future. To put it simply, it will be easier to fleece him... Of course, I'll have to suffer the consequences of his honesty and integrity as a result... The World is an experienced and shrewd Beyonder in the eyes of Miss Justice, Mr. Hanged Man, and the others. They likely wouldn't notice any problems... Klein's mind raced as he made The World let out a deep laugh.

"You truly are a trustworthy person. Your character is worthy of praise."

The Hanged Man raised his eyebrows and took the initiative to say to Derrick, "I'm also interested in the knowledge regarding this. What can I use to trade for this information?"

He planned to make the trade if it wasn't too expensive, and he would give up if it exceeded his expectations. After all, he didn't have any use for it at the moment.

Having been praised, Derrick was still lost in his joy. After two seconds of thought, he said with extraordinary sincerity, "Mr. Hanged Man, there's no need. You've often given me suggestions when I was faced with trials in the past. Just treat it as a way of showing my appreciation."

...If The World were a real person and drinking, he definitely would've spewed out all the water in his mouth. Thankfully, he's neither drinking nor real. Klein mustered all the Beyonder powers of a Clown to ensure his expression remained unchanged.

The Hanged Man was briefly at a loss for words. The Sun's reply was completely beyond his expectations.

He had been traveling the seas for years and had experienced numerous encounters. His outlook was no longer black and white but consisted mainly of shades of gray. At that moment, he felt a baffling sense of guilt.

"Your character truly is worthy of praise," Alger quickly composed himself and praised Little Sun.

Don't copy what I said! Can't you use a different sentence... The World glanced at The Hanged Man as The Fool lamented how wily old foxes were all one and the same.

Dumbass! No, he's dumber than an ass! A dumb sheep! The Moon Emlyn silently condemned The Sun.

Since that morning, he had been filled with anticipation for this Tarot Gathering, as he had already advanced to Baron and wanted to find a chance to covertly flaunt himself.

They might not be able to tell, apart from Mr. Fool... Mr. Hanged Man can probably guess... I should do something later to let them know that I'm an honorable Lord Baron... Emlyn pondered as he listened.

At Little Sun's words, Justice Audrey didn't feel any guilt or anger, as she knew very well that Mr. Hanged Man had been the one who had guided him each time. The others had only occasionally offered suggestions.

This is the natural result of being a good person... I hope Mr. Hanged Man will become kinder in the future... She watched this scene in delight and didn't have the urge to spend money to obtain the method for separating the mental corruption from a Beyonder characteristic.

Derrick quickly turned around and obtained Mr. Fool's approval, then conjured two yellowish-brown goatskin parchments.

Klein controlled The World and took a piece. He read it eagerly.

"There are two methods. The first is to use an item that can steal the Beyonder powers of others. Extract the mental corruption left behind by a Rampager and concoct the Beyonder characteristic into a potion before the theft loses effect. This way, the mental corruption will have nowhere to go and will directly dissipate.

"The second is to hold a ritual and pray to one of the two mystical items in our City of Silver. Use its feedback to shatter the Beyonder characteristic and allow the mental corruption to dissipate. After that, the Beyonder characteristic will slowly coalesce again on its own.

"I only managed to obtain the procedure for the corresponding ritual and was unable to obtain the precise description of the item. Only the elders of the six-member council have the right to know it and preside over such a ritual.

"The ritual's procedure is...

Hmm... Thoughts raced through Klein's mind as he nearly forgot to control the dummy, The World.

I truly never considered the first method before... The Sealed Artifact, Blood Vessel Thief, behind the Chanis Gate in Tingen City is able to steal a target's Beyonder powers. If mental corruption is regarded as one of them, there's nothing wrong with this logic...

But here comes the problem. The mental corruption inside the All-Black Eye isn't from an ordinary Beyonder but from the evil god, the True Creator. Regardless of whether it's a Beyonder stealing the power or a mystical item with a similar trait, neither will be able to withstand such mental corruption. The former has a one hundred percent chance of losing control, while the latter will be directly corrupted...

In theory, I can sacrifice a similar mystical item and use it to replace the All-Black Eye's corruption. However, the timing has to be perfect without any errors; otherwise, the two items might end up corrupted.

Klein quickly analyzed the viability of the first option. As for the second, it was similar to the previous guess he and Edwina had made. Only the details were somewhat different.

The two powerful mystical items in the City of Silver are Grade 0 at best. They can't be a true god's Sequence 0 remains; otherwise, they wouldn't be in such a pathetic state in the Forsaken Land of God. Therefore, does it mean that in order to shatter a Beyonder characteristic, one doesn't need a god's strength? It's enough to do it at the level of an angel? According to Little Sun, an angel is equivalent to a subsidiary god and can barely be considered a god...

Yes... This matter can be verified. Sea God Kalvetua only obtained a portion of Calamity Cohinem's characteristic. The remaining part is in the Book of Calamity... There might even be a third part. I wonder where it's hidden since it allows this angel-level high elf to resist death. In short, it can be seen that Cohinem's Beyonder characteristic was split into at least two parts. This is essentially the same as shattering a Beyonder characteristic.

With all the evidence corroborating one another, I can preliminarily conclude that as long as the ritual is right, the feedback of a powerhouse at the angel level will be able to shatter a Beyonder characteristic. Then comes the problem. Where can I find an angel...

Mr. Azik might be one at his peak, but he clearly hasn't recovered yet. As for Saints, the Snake of Fate Will Auceptin is only a fetus that hasn't even been born yet.

Klein didn't spend too much time thinking, deciding to consider how to resolve the problem after the Tarot Gathering ended.

With that, Alger quickly scanned the area and gained a basic understanding.

He had a theory about this.

Getting The World to seek the method to separate the mental corruption from a Beyonder characteristic is likely a test Mr. Fool had given to his Blessed.

But does this imply that Mr. Fool's strength has only recovered to the level of a Saint and not an Angel? Otherwise, there's no need to go through such trouble. He could've directly removed it.

How long has it been? Only seven months and Mr. Fool has already recovered to this extent... Right, "He" can already respond in place of Sea God Kalvetua!

In another one to two years, he will likely be able to escape from his seal. Once he stands at the pinnacle as an Angel, he will be only one step short of the ultimate goal.

Ignoring The Hanged Man's reaction, Cattleya looked at The World and thought for a few seconds before chuckling.

"I'm not sure if those methods include the one I know of.

"I can provide it for free. An Unshadowed of the Sun pathway can directly cleanse away the mental corruption in a Beyonder characteristic."

Ma'am Hermit is a lot more proactive than the last time... Has she adjusted her state of mind, or does she have a motive? Or could it be that she's discovered that everyone else is a weakling, so there's no need to be too careful... Klein was first surprised by Cattleya's attitude before being delighted that he had obtained a third method. It came from the Sun pathway, which the City of Silver lacked.

But I can't secure the help of an Unshadowed, although I do have an incomplete Unshadowed potion formula... He controlled The World to deliberate for a moment before having him turn to Cattleya and chuckle deeply.

"Thank you for your generosity, Ma'am Hermit."

Afterward, he switched to the demeanor of a salesman and asked Derrick, "Do you know of a book named Groselle's Travels?"

Derrick thought seriously before honestly shaking his head.

"No."

No... Klein nearly failed to continue what he had to say, but thankfully, he steadied himself and had The World explain, "It's a magical book that originates from dragons. Many of its owners have vanished."

"Originates from dragons?" Audrey keenly picked up on this important point and asked with interest.

"Yes, a Beyonder plans on selling it for 8,000 pounds," The World said hoarsely.

He didn't raise the price above Edwina's offer because he had yet to bargain with her. The difference would be his profit from the trade. Besides, even if Edwina insisted on 8,000 pounds, he could still obtain Groselle's Travels and study it. It was worth the time he spent closing the deal.

Audrey pursed her lips slightly as her eyes darted about and cautiously asked, "What's so magical about it?"

"It requires further study." The World chose to be honest.

"I'll consider it." Audrey wasn't in a hurry to agree because 8,000 pounds was a considerable sum even to her. Especially since she had just been reimbursed for Lie, it would be very difficult for her father, Earl Hall, to accept a book of unknown purpose. If she were to rely on herself, it would take her at least three to four months--and that was on the premise that she had already purchased the Psychiatrist Beyonder characteristic for Susie.

Hence, she turned to ask The World about the Psychiatrist Beyonder characteristic.

...I mainly spent this week hunting Vice Admiral Ailment and failed. I didn't find a Grazing target to switch to... Klein was instantly left somewhat embarrassed, feeling as though The World's shrewd image had been damaged.

Chapter 594: The World's Commission

Thankfully, The World couldn't blush. As long as he wasn't controlled, there was no change to his state.

He chuckled darkly. "A few more days."

Audrey nodded with a reserved attitude and didn't rush him. This was because Susie hadn't expressed any desire to advance anytime soon. After all, she was only a dog.

The Hanged Man, The Moon, and The Sun had just advanced a few days ago, so they were in the stage of stabilizing their spirituality and practicing their new Beyonder powers. They had no desire to purchase the subsequent potion formulas or corresponding Sanguine inheritance. They calmly waited until the transaction phase came to an end.

Besides, they didn't have spare cash. Although Alger had "lowered" the price Emlyn White had to pay for the Sanguine Baron inheritance to 4,300 pounds and 300 pounds in commission, allowing him to earn 1,400 pounds, he had spent quite a bit on the Whip of Mind. All he had left was 1,445 pounds.

After purchasing the Sanguine Baron inheritance, new dolls, and doll dresses, Emlyn still had 2,300 pounds in savings. Although it seemed like a sizable amount, the subsequent ingredients were those of a Sanguine Viscount. They would cost at least 8,000 pounds. As for Derrick, he had exchanged all the merit points he had previously accumulated, and he was waiting to be sent out on a patrol or exploration mission.

Fors and Audrey were similarly not seeking to purchase the potion formulas of the subsequent Sequences since they could obtain them from their own resource channels. Furthermore, there was no need to hide it or waste money at the Tarot Club. Audrey simply wasn't too nitpicky when it came to money; it didn't mean she was dumb.

On the other hand, Cattleya was still observing the others and wasn't in a rush to reveal what she needed. Moreover, she didn't believe that the other Tarot Club members apart from Mr. Fool could provide anything she needed. After all, to a pirate admiral who had been a Sequence 5 for years, what she desired most was to attain the level of a demigod. Therefore, she only looked calmly at The Sun and the others through her slightly dark-purple eyes, without attempting to speak.

Klein thought for a moment and controlled The World to add, "Is anyone able to obtain a mystical item with very potent offensive strength?"

His question was directed at The Hermit. This was because only Admiral of Stars, who had traveled the seas for so many years, could satisfy his request. Even The Hanged Man and the Artisan he knew couldn't do it unless he could provide them with a corresponding Sequence 6 or even a Sequence 5 Beyonder characteristic.

Cattleya fell silent for two seconds before slowly shaking her head.

"If something similar appears at the Beyonder gatherings I participate in, I'll help you take note."

Over the years, she had killed several Beyonders and had indeed obtained a certain number of Beyonder characteristics and mystical items, but they were either rewarded to her pirate subordinates, or she had exchanged them for two powerful items that greatly enhanced her strength and survivability. She didn't have anything to spare. Furthermore, she needed the two items and wouldn't sell them before she advanced to the level of demigod.

From the looks of it, Admiral of Stars isn't a well-to-do person either. A large faction means large expenses... Klein silently sighed and made The World thank her with his hoarse voice.

With the transactions quickly coming to an end, he controlled The World to look at Fors.

"I wish to entrust you with a mission."

"Me?" Fors was a little surprised.

Could it be something like buying a radio transceiver again? she thought as the corners of her mouth twitched slightly.

The World nodded.

"Go to Williams Street, which borders West Borough and Empress Borough, and circle the place. Make the circuit once every two or three days. Take note of any abnormalities. If there are any, then inform me immediately."

He didn't ask Mr. Fool to draw attention to the matter, as everyone was already used to it and experienced. Furthermore, beneath Williams Street was precisely the location of the Tudor family's ruins where the evil spirit lingered.

"Abnormality? What would be considered abnormal?" Fors asked, feeling puzzled and cautious.

Could there be something abnormal about Williams Street in Backlund? Audrey was originally not very interested in the topic, but at that moment, she pricked up her ears and paid close attention.

She had great trust in Mr. World's intelligence-gathering ability. The Great Smog of Backlund was proof of it!

West Borough, Empress Borough... It sounds like it's in Loen's capital, Backlund... Miss Magician is currently in Backlund? Indeed. She looks ordinary, but she's anything but. In a secret organization, members based in a major city often hold greater power elsewhere... Of course, she might also be like me--someone brought in by a coincidence of fate after asking to join... Cattleya swept a glance at Fors and quickly analyzed the information revealed by the conversation.

Alger was suddenly interested since he knew that The World was the representative of Mr. Fool's Blessed. Whatever he paid attention to had a high chance of involving a conflict at the upper echelons!

Just what secret lay within that street named Williams Street? Alger couldn't help but try to guess at the deeper truth.

How would I know what form the abnormalities will take... Klein mumbled before getting The World to answer gloomily, "I believe the abnormalities will be obvious enough.

"I have to warn you that if you really notice anything abnormal, do not attempt to investigate it on your own or hire someone to do the investigation. It will be very dangerous.

"How much do you think is an adequate reward?"

Very dangerous... Fors instinctively wished to decline the mission.

However, considering how immense the influence of the Great Smog of Backlund was, one that even affected her, she wasn't sure if this abnormality wouldn't cause her harm. As such, she became hesitant.

After a few seconds, she straightened from her languid posture and said, "100 pounds."

"Much lower than I imagined." The World chuckled.

Fors spread her hands and said, "It's because it's for myself as well."

I'll just treat it as "observing people" to gather material for my novel... That's right, I can't stay at home all day. It's time for me to get out. I have to push forward the matter of acting as a Trickmaster. Just conjuring tricks to amuse Xio isn't enough to digest it... How should I act? Join a circus to perform tricks? Or should I do individual performances at different squares? I don't have to worry about how the people I know view me. As an author, life experience is a basic trait... Fors's thoughts gradually dispersed.

After settling this matter, Klein made The World turn his head to The Hanged Man and chuckle darkly.

"I received intel that the Church of Storms has taken action. The matter at Bansy Harbor has been preliminarily resolved."

Having drifted at sea for the past week, Alger, who hadn't had any contact with the Church, immediately replied solemnly, "What's the final outcome?"

"There won't be a Bansy Harbor for some time," The World replied with a faint smile.

At that moment, Audrey and company realized what they were talking about.

That was the place called Binsy in ancient times and Bansy at present!

It was the place where descendants of the King of Angels Medici resided!

Is Mr. World implying that the Church of Storms has leveled Bansy Harbor? That's really in their style. That's good too. There's no need to worry that the innocent there will be corrupted... I wonder if the King of Angels Medici appeared or escaped. Would the pontiff of the Church of Storms appear in person, or was a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact used... Audrey heaved a sigh of relief as she asked with brightened eyes, "Mr. World, do you know of the specifics?"

"No, no one knows, other than the upper echelons of the Church of Storms." The World stole a glance at The Hanged Man.

The Hanged Man fell silent, feeling the burning ambition in his chest once more.

I want to become a member of the Church's upper echelons! he emphasized to himself.

The Hermit Cattleya, who had joined the Tarot Gathering a second time, basically didn't understand what they were talking about.

As a pirate admiral, she was no stranger to Bansy Harbor, but she didn't know what had happened there. She also had no idea why the Church of Storms would destroy the place and why it would require a long period of time to rebuild it.

It must be a grave matter involving the upper echelons... The members of the Tarot Club seem to be aware of the reason... Although their Sequences aren't high, they seem to know a lot and are involved in many affairs... apart from The Sun... This is the reason why Mr. Fool tacitly agreed to have them establish this gathering? Through the Tarot Club, they will indirectly influence the affairs of various organizations? Cattleya once again reevaluated her understanding of the other members and was increasingly impressed with them.

She still maintained her silence and didn't inquire. This left Audrey, who was waiting to show off by answering The Hermit's puzzlement, disappointed.

Even for Ma'am Hermit, it's unlikely that she'll be involved in matters involving a King of Angels. No, she might not even know about the existence of a King of Angels... Audrey thought on impulse.

After talking about the outcome of Bansy Harbor and waiting for a moment, Emlyn White immediately cleared his throat and said, "Thanks to Mr. Hanged Man's help, I'm already a Baron.

"I have a question. As a Sanguine, do I need to use the acting method like you humans do in order to expedite the so-called digestion after advancing to a Baron, and better master the Beyonder characteristic?"

His back was perfectly straight as his neck was slightly extended while his chin was slightly tipped upwards.

I'm sorry. Mr. Fool isn't able to answer this question of yours. But in theory, it's required. After all, you are using the "inheritance" of others... Klein leaned back in his chair and sat amidst the gray fog as he leisurely looked at the other members of the Tarot Club.

Cattleya looked around and said, "A Sanguine Baron corresponds to the Sequence 6 Potions Professor?"

"Yes," Emlyn replied, unable to hide his smile.

He wasn't stupid. From the previous transactions and interactions, he had determined the Sequences of the other members apart from The World. He believed that he was one of the strongest members of the Tarot Club. Of course, this was excluding Mr. Fool and the recently recruited Ma'am Hermit.

Mr. Moon is already at Sequence 6? Why does he seem more immature than The Sun... Audrey pursed her lips.

At that moment, Cattleya said, "It requires acting because this pathway only has the name Vampire at Sequence 7. As for you, you were born in that state. There's no need to act, but it's required for the other Sequences."

"Ma'am Hermit, which pathway does that Sequence 7 belong to?" Audrey blinked and asked curiously before Emlyn White could say a word.

Chapter 595: Domain

Without waiting for The Hermit to answer, Audrey added, "If you believe this is an important piece of information and isn't something to be given for free, then I can provide you with some payment."

"No, there's no need to. Anyone familiar with Feynapotter's Church of Earth Mother will have some understanding of this." Cattleya didn't doubt Miss Justice's sincerity when it came to the principle of equal exchange. She believed that Miss Justice was fully capable of meeting her price in terms of wealth and resources, but she decided to provide the information for free.

First, it would improve Miss Justice's impression of her and lay a foundation for future transactions. Second, by providing the information, she could observe the members' reactions and estimate their standing in their respective organizations and factions.

I'm quite familiar with the Earth Mother's Blessed, Bishop Utravsky, but I didn't know anything about that... Of course, I truly am a little scared of him. His height and build are just too intimidating. Every time I'm there, I only seek out Emlyn White... Sitting at the end of the long bronze table, Klein thought in a self-deprecating manner.

Cattleya didn't pause as she continued, "Vampire is from the Moon pathway. The corresponding Sequence 9 is Apothecary; Sequence 8 is Beast Tamer; Sequence 6 is Potions Professor; Sequence 5 is Scarlet Scholar; Sequence 4 is Shaman King. I'm not sure about the higher Sequences."

"Ahem." Emlyn White coughed. "Ma'am Hermit, I have to emphasize that it's Sanguine, not Vampire. Heh heh, I won't object if you call those humans who consume the characteristics of my kinsmen vampires. I would even be quite happy with that."

So Vampire is from the Apothecary pathway. So is Shaman King. It's no wonder they revere the Primordial Moon and not the Goddess...

Could the Scarlet Lunar Corona that Ma'am Sharron obtained be from a dead Scarlet Scholar or Sanguine Viscount? Apart from being able to recreate the effects of a full moon and neutralize the corresponding effects, it can provide terrifying speed, unimaginable recovery speed, and fairly powerful darkness-related spells. The negative effects can be neutralized by drinking the fresh blood of the living... Indeed, it does seem to be the remains of a Sanguine...

Among the various jobs of this pathway, there are some that resemble the Seer pathway. Some Sequences have no apparent connection, while others show an obvious progression. How strange...

Klein pieced the scattered clues together, feeling somewhat enlightened and puzzled.

Alger, Fors, and company were either lost in thought, listening with relish, or pretending to be disinterested. Everyone reacted differently, but Cattleya was able to tell that they hadn't previously understood much about Vampires.

They are low- or mid-ranking members in their organizations or factions. They match the characteristics of being recently pulled into the Tarot Club and at the stage of rapidly advancing... The World didn't react. Either he's very staid, or he has long known about the matter regarding Vampires, or both... After repeated observations, I have to admit that The World is the Tarot Club member that requires the closest attention and the greatest caution...

Audrey listened with great interest as she thought over it carefully. As if attending a family education class, she raised her hand slightly.

"Ma'am Hermit, why are the Sequences in the Moon pathway seemingly unrelated?"

The Hermit Cattleya looked at Miss Justice and discovered that the dress and accessories she wore were completely different from the last gathering. There was no repetition, but it exuded her luxurious and noble bearing.

As her thoughts drifted, she seemed to see the Queen as a young woman. Every piece of clothing she wore was completely different. The same set of clothing was never worn a second time at a formal event.

After a moment of silence, Cattleya said, "A pathway's Sequence need not be related or superficially connected. The common trait is that this pathway corresponds to the god's domain. For example, the Moon represents spirituality, plants, beauty, parts of life, parts of darkness, and parts of mystery. Therefore, this pathway has Apothecary of the plant domain, Vampire of the life domain, and Beast Tamer of the intersection of life and spirituality."

"Sanguine!" Emlyn White emphasized and lifted his chin slightly. "This should be why we Sanguine are very handsome and beautiful."

No, that's not the case. The vampires I've seen are all disgusting and ferocious... Derrick retorted weakly in his heart.

It can be explained that way? It's quite different from Captain's and Daly's explanations... Different pathways represent the domain possessed by a Sequence 0... Or could it be that combining the two is the most accurate answer? I wonder what domains the Sequence 0 of the Seer pathway represents. From the symbol behind my chair, it represents strangeness and change? Klein's expression didn't change as his mind whirled.

Audrey easily understood Ma'am Hermit's explanation and couldn't help but guess the name of her pathway's Sequence 0.

It's definitely Dragon. There are many species of dragons. Many powers aren't encompassed by this pathway. It's closer to the domain represented by the mind dragon...

I hope Mr. Fool can quickly find the corresponding Card of Blasphemy for this pathway...

That Groselle's Travels originates from dragons. I wonder if it has anything to do with a mind dragon...

At that moment, Emlyn asked for confirmation, "That is to say that to successfully become a Sanguine Viscount, I still have to act as a Potions Professor, even if I'm favored by the Moon?"

My dear Emlyn, I know you are trying to bring attention to the latter half of your sentence... Klein nearly reached out his right hand to pinch his chin.

This was also one of the reasons why he had entrusted Miss Magician to check for abnormalities in Williams Street. He ultimately felt that Emlyn White, a vampire who didn't enjoy going out or socializing, was rather unreliable at present. Another reason was that he knew that he was being controlled by the Sanguine's upper echelons in secret. Getting him to head to Williams Street would easily expose the matter regarding the underground ruins.

"Yes." Cattleya nodded.

The exchange continued, and as it came to a close, Audrey seemed to recall something. She turned and looked towards the end of the long bronze table.

"Mr. Fool, the second round of the Civil Servant Unified Examination officially ended today. What's left is the final interview."

Her tone was brisk and obviously delighted. She was like an excellent student reporting her results to her parents.

From her point of view, the Civil Servant Unified Examination was a suggestion made by Mr. Fool in passing. She had pushed forward the idea via inconspicuous methods, the first time she had attempted to use her Beyonder powers to change reality. Therefore, she had always paid great attention to it, often reporting its progress to the one who had suggested it.

The second round of examinations is over? I wonder if Benson can pass and have the chance to enter the final interview... Klein leaned back and suddenly felt wistful.

He nodded slightly and said with a smile in his voice, "Not bad."

Audrey, who had been praised by Mr. Fool, became happier. She felt that she was indirectly changing the fates of many people, allowing people who were stuck in the lower and middle classes to have a chance to enter the middle and upper classes.

When Cattleya heard this exchange, she couldn't help but frown. She felt that this was very different from the style the Tarot Club had previously shown.

Could it be that the reforms of the past half a year in the Loen Kingdom were a result of the Tarot Club turning the wheels behind the scenes? As a young noble lady, Miss Justice played an important role? If that's the case, I have to reevaluate my views... Although the members aren't of a high Sequence and are low-ranking members of their organizations, they're still able to influence the situation of the world to some extent? Cattleya withdrew her gaze and considered whether she wanted to use her different resource channels to figure out the story behind the Loen Kingdom's reforms.

After a few minutes of exchanges, The Fool Klein announced the end of the Gathering.

While Miss Justice and company got up to bid farewell, he severed the connection and leaned back into his seat. He silently watched the endless grayish-white fog around him for a very long while.

Backlund. In a coffee shop next to King's Avenue.

Melissa was holding a porcelain teaspoon as she gently stirred the black tea with lemon. From time to time, she would turn her head to look out into the faint fog.

Her black veiled hat was sitting beside her. Placed in front of her was a plate of the cheapest toast, but she had not taken a single bite.

She had originally imagined that she would anger the coffee shop's owner by sitting there for so long and preventing him from serving another customer. However, she later discovered that many people like her were waiting across the road for the test to end.

As seconds turned into minutes, the condensation on the windows grew thicker. Melissa couldn't help but reach out and wipe a patch clear.

Finally, she saw a crowd surge out of the test venue. The glass-inlaid wooden door of the coffee shop was pushed open as about eight men and women entered.

Just as Benson took off his rather old top hat, before he could smooth his rather high hairline with his fingers, he saw his sister rise and ask nervously, "How did you do? Uh--were the questions tough today?"

"It might've been considered difficult for others, but it was a piece of cake for me. Mathematics is my forte." Benson looked around and saw everyone discussing it without noticing him. Hence, he chuckled. "After the test ended, I saw quite a number of people who had left their sheets blank. Do they think a low-ranking civil servant will have a mathematics secretary? If that's the case, what's the difference between hiring a curly-haired baboon and them?"

Melissa secretly sighed in relief and looked to the side before turning her head back.

"Benson, if you're really confident, you should consider the matter regarding the interview.

"You need to buy a new decent set of clothes."

"Let's leave that to tomorrow. We should celebrate today. I've already decided on the restaurant." Benson smiled as he pointed outside.

Melissa pursed her lips and looked at her elder brother in an extremely serious manner.

"I've already bought the meat and vegetables."

Benson locked his gaze with his sister for a few seconds before looking away in surrender.

"Alright, let's go home."

Above the gray fog, Klein gradually collected his thoughts and calmed his emotions. He began considering how to separate the True Creator's mental corruption from the All-Black Eye.

Chapter 596: Clue

In the majestic palace propped up by stone columns, Klein sat in a high-backed chair as he gently tapped the corner of the long, mottled table. He first eliminated the option of seeking help from a Sequence 4 Unshadowed of the Sun pathway.

This was because he had almost no contact with the Church of the Eternal Blazing Sun. It was very difficult for him to find anyone willing to help. Second, he suspected that an Unshadowed was unlikely to be capable of cleansing the mental corruption in the All-Black Eye. After all, The Hermit Cattleya's suggestion concerned the remnant influence of an ordinary Rampager, not the True Creator!

Seeking the help of an angel or true god's power isn't realistic either. In theory, I can use the mysterious space above the gray fog to perform a divination on the Eternal Blazing Sun and use "His" help to shatter the All-Black Eye and evaporate the mental corruption, but the problem is that an experienced being like "Him" might be able to use this opportunity to invade this place and take over the gray fog. If that happens, it wouldn't be worth it.

And when a power that surpasses my level by an immeasurable degree instantly comes into effect, there's no delay. It targets me, and I'll have no time to redirect it to the All-Black Eye. I won't be able to control the situation.

Also, it's not like I can divine it whenever I wish. I need a medium. I previously used the mutated Sun Sacred Emblem, which contained the Eternal Blazing Sun's divine blood, as well as the ear corrupted by the True Creator.

Currently, the only available mediums I have are for Mr. Door and the Hidden Sage. I can use the ravings that Miss Magician hears during the full moon, as well as the knowledge with which the Hidden Sage pursues the Admiral of Stars, to make an attempt. But similarly, the counterattack wouldn't be directed at the All-Black Eye, and I don't have the means to divert it.

Mr. Azik has yet to recover. The Snake of Fate Will Auceptin has yet to be born. From the looks of it, I can't find an angel to help me either. Sigh, I still know too few high-ranking figures... Right, there's also something akin to an angel: the evil spirit in the ruins under Backlund that's suspected to be the King of Angels Medici! But that fellow is harboring unknown schemes and malicious intent. Unless there's no other method, I will not consider it.

Yes, taking the risk isn't worth it at all. If that's the case, I might as well give up on the All-Black Eye and search for the Marionettist potion's main ingredients. It's only the dust of ancient wraiths and the core crystal of a six-winged gargoyle. It's even possible that the former can be found in the Underworld!

In that case, starting a new search is one viable choice, while finding a mystical item similar to the Blood Vessel Thief is another. With the gray fog shielding me, I can use its theft abilities to their full extent. I'll definitely be able to separate the True Creator's mental corruption from the All-Black Eye, and I won't have to fear its return.

The simplest method is to throw the corrupted mystical item far away once the theft is completed. Then, I'll bring the pure All-Black Eye back to the real world, causing the "physical" separation of the two items.

Well... How can I find a similar mystical item? Mr. Hanged Man didn't say anything after seeing the methods, which implies that he doesn't know either. However, I can ask at the next Tarot Gathering. Ma'am Hermit, Miss Magician, Miss Justice, Little Sun, and Emlyn White all have their corresponding information and resource channels...

I can try searching for it myself this week. I'll start with Vice Admiral Iceberg. Her third mate, Flowery Bow Tie Jodeson, has Beyonder powers that can steal. Perhaps he knows where to find similar mystical items.

Klein's thought process gradually cleared up as he formulated an initial plan.

He first performed a divination before rapidly returning to the real world. Abandoning his decadent sprawl in the reclining chair, where he had been drinking beverages and reading newspapers, he quickly set up a ritual.

It was still three candles, but the difference was the symbol he drew. It was the Sacred Emblem of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom--an omniscient eye on an open book. The ritual's silver dagger also switched to a brass knife. In mysticism, the blue planet corresponded to the God of Knowledge and Wisdom, and the metals belonging to the blue planet's domain were mercury and brass.

Klein had long considered the problem of contacting Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina Edwards. Therefore, he had prepared a set of materials for a Soulfall Ritual. After completing the necessary steps, he burned the corresponding herb powder and dripped in extracts and essences from lavender and mint.

Amidst the faint, clear, and mysterious fragrance, Klein took a step back and used ancient Hermes to recite an incantation.

"I pray for the power of knowledge;

"I pray for the power of rationality;

"I pray for the God of Wisdom's loving grace;

"I pray that you allow me to communicate with the spirit of Edwina Edwards, the teacher who pursues knowledge, the researcher of spirit world creatures, Vice Admiral Iceberg of the seas, who hails from Lenburg."

Klein's voice reverberated as the altar instantly turned gloomy and cold. The brass knife and metal bottles all floated into the air.

It succeeded. The Golden Dream is still within 500 nautical miles... Klein first felt a sense of delight before he saw the flames of the three candles lengthen. They were tinged pale white with a hint of dark green.

He knew that the Soulfall Ritual was essentially to free his body and allow the target's Astral Projection to possess him to establish an effective communication channel. This left his body without the necessary protection, making it easy to be attacked by the target of the Soulfall Ritual. Therefore, he had divined ahead of time to determine how dangerous it would be. Besides, after meeting and conversing with her, he believed that Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina bore him no malice. He considered her trustworthy for the time being.

At that moment, the wind within the wall of spirituality moaned mournfully. Klein felt an ice-cold power descend upon him from the void in an attempt to enter his body.

Then, he was surprised to discover that it wasn't as he had expected. He had the necessary strength to resist and control himself instead of being possessed by her!

What's happening? Just as he had the thought, he began to see a faint, formless gray fog around him.

This was a trait he possessed after advancing to Faceless. The power of the gray fog was able to slightly leak into reality!

Amidst his racing mind, Klein didn't hesitate to wave his arm. He pointed to a coat hanging on a coat rack, throwing the ice-cold power onto it.

The black tweed coat on the coat rack strangely floated up as its sleeves rose, looking somewhat clumsy.

It was as though an invisible person was wearing his coat!

The black coat floated two meters forward before stopping.

The two sleeves rose and formed a question mark.

What does that mean? Klein was taken aback before he realized what Vice Admiral Iceberg meant.

Without a mouth, I can't speak! Without hands, I can't write!

This is awkward... Klein thought for a moment and said directly, "I need a mystical item that can steal the Beyonder powers of others. Ma'am, might I ask if you have one?

"If you don't, can you ask your third mate for me? Flowery Bow Tie Jodeson?

"The corresponding answer can be written in a letter. Summon my messenger to send it over."

The black coat's sleeves spread apart, then moved downward.

Afterward, it lost its soul and fell to the ground, no longer appearing as straight as before.

That means "yes"? Klein sighed silently and quickly ended the ritual. He hung up the black coat and used a brush and handkerchief to clean it.

Then, he wrote a letter and asked Mr. Azik a similar question.

He summoned the messenger by blowing the copper whistle. After the letter was taken away, Klein attempted the third method with great drive.

He took out the paper crane from his wallet and carefully unfolded it. He wrote with a pencil on it: "Might I ask where I can get a mystical item that can steal the Beyonder powers of others?"

Putting down the pencil, Klein refolded the paper crane along its creases. He was quite pleased with his improvement in handicraft.

In the evening, after Klein browsed through the prayers of his believers, he returned to the real world and went to the washroom to enjoy a rather comfortable hot bath.

He quickly fell asleep after climbing into bed and remained so until he suddenly sensed an external force invading his dream.

It was the same desolate plain with the towering pitch-black steeple. With practiced ease, Klein passed through the doors and walls until he entered deep inside the tower.

There was still a deck of tarot cards scattered here. They surrounded a central protrusion as though they were forming some sort of declaration. However, as a Seer, Klein could only interpret it as chaotic and contradictory.

On the raised area, the text had already changed. The silver words formed three sentences.

The first line read: "I'm only a child that has yet to be born."

Klein's expression froze as though he was hearing an infant cry, "Please, I beg you. Don't make things difficult for me. Such communication is very tiring..."

The second line was equally succinct.

"The clue lies in you."

The third line was: "Don't ask me what the clue is because I have no idea either."

That is to say that the Snake of Fate Will Auceptin could foresee that I carried a clue, but he was unable to foresee exactly what it was... That feels like a charlatan's divination. No, I can't say that. I can't include myself in such criticism... Klein remembered the information and exited the dream before returning to sleep until daybreak.

After breakfast, he began recalling the items he possessed and the events he had experienced, searching for the so-called clue.

At that moment, his spiritual perception was triggered as he quickly activated his Spirit Vision.

The skeleton messenger remained huge, but unlike the last time, its head didn't pass through the ceiling.

This was because it had risen from the floor, so half its head remained on the floor below.

In such a situation, it looked at Klein at eye level and placed the return letter on his palm.

Seeing the messenger collapse like a waterfall, Klein was taken aback. Feeling both angry and amused, he muttered inwardly, So you do know some manners!

You're getting more considerate after all!

You've changed greatly after knowing that you wouldn't be assigned to me...

Klein rapidly retracted his gaze and opened the letter to read Mr. Azik's reply.

"Stealing the Beyonder powers of others is from the Marauder pathway. In the Fourth Epoch, it belonged to the Amon family, the Zoroast family, and the Jacob family... They seldom appeared after the War of the Four Emperors. Rumor has it that some of their members have formed an alliance and call themselves Hermits of Fate.

"I can't remember any further. You can try approaching this through the descendants of these three families."

Amon... So a Blasphemer refers to this pathway? The Jacob family was one of the five Angel Families of the Tudor Dynasty. They were the equals of the Abraham, Amon, Antigonus, and Tamara. As for the Zoroast family, it's from the Solomon Empire... Hermits of Fate. Fate, Hermit... The clue lies in me... Klein suddenly sat up and recalled an item.

It was the mysterious badge from Lanevus. The symbols on it were none other than that of fate and concealment!

Chapter 597: Klein's Plan

Lanevus is likely a Sequence 8 Swindler. This belongs to the Marauder pathway. It isn't difficult to understand why he would have the "admission ticket" to the corresponding gathering. In fact, it makes perfect sense... Purchasing a mystical item that can steal the Beyonder powers of others at a gathering of the Hermits of Fate is definitely much easier than finding one through other circles... From the looks of it, this is the so-called clue Will Auceptin mentioned... Klein sat at the edge of the bed and suddenly brightened up.

He hurriedly set up a ritual to summon himself and went above the gray fog to bring back the eyeball-sized badge to the real world.

On the front of the badge was a symbol that depicted fate and concealment, and behind it was a ring of tiny and compact words in ancient Hermes: "You can join if you have this item."

Klein was just about to inject his spirituality to activate the badge and send out a signal to obtain the latest gathering time and location when he suddenly turned hesitant.

...How careless of me. I actually forgot to divine whether doing so would be dangerous! If a demigod senior of Lanevus's attends that gathering and uses it to lock onto me, that will be troublesome. It's just like how Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy was able to quickly find a Demoness of Unaging to help her. I must take precautions... A person should be bold when the occasion calls for it and a coward when necessary! Klein smacked his forehead and cautiously returned to the mysterious space above the gray fog, where he used spirit dowsing to perform a divination.

After receiving a revelation that there wasn't any danger, he breathed a sigh of relief and left the gray fog. He then sat in the reclining chair in his inn room.

With the injection of his spirituality, the badge emitted a blurry luster and quickly condensed into an inconspicuous light beam, shooting out into the air.

Before long, the same light beam returned and dispersed, transforming into a palm-sized piece of illusory goatskin parchment. Written on it in ancient Feysac was: "6 June 1350, 9 p.m. at the Tussock River's estuary."

That's another four months... With this much time, it wouldn't be a problem for me to find the Marionettist potion's main ingredients from scratch. The only obstacle is a lack of money, but that's not too difficult. I now have assets totaling 6,945 pounds. I should have more than enough after selling another one or two Beyonder characteristics. Besides, there are so many walking bounties at sea, no... I can't get carried away. I have to exclude the Four Kings and Seven Admirals... What kind of clue is this? Klein leaned forward, arched his back, and began thinking hard.

As he thought about the gathering of the Hermits of Fate, he suddenly thought of someone: Leonard Mitchell!

My dear poet had attended a Hermits of Fate gathering in Babur Valley. Regardless of his goal, whether it's for official work or private matters, there's a possibility of him obtaining a mystical item that can steal the Beyonder powers of others... I can borrow it from him or buy it through him? This is the real clue? Klein felt energized as he quickly came up with a rough plan.

First step: Place the radio transceiver above the gray fog to accumulate its aura;

Second step: Use the radio transceiver to contact Arrodes a few days later;

Third step: Ask it where I can obtain, with relative ease, mystical items that can steal the Beyonder powers of others;

If the answer is very clear, the fourth step will be to follow the information and easily accomplish my goal. If the answer is vague or fraught with danger, the fourth step can be to ask for my dear poet's current location.

The fifth step is to get Emlyn White to take this badge and find my dear poet to see if he has any corresponding items and whether a transaction is possible. I won't appear in person, for I might end up being recognized. That would likewise be troublesome. As for Emlyn, he's presently considered someone from the Church of Earth Mother, no--practically a ghost registered with the Church of Earth Mother. If I get him to make first contact, even if my dear poet reports him or he ends up captured on the spot, he won't be framed or subjected to torture.

With both his objective and course of action settled, Klein immediately felt refreshed. In his good mood, he decided to head out to eat a Bayam delicacy--roasted fish.

Above the blue sea, the Golden Dream, which was sparkling thanks to the setting sun's golden rays, cruised silently onward.

Receiving his captain's permission, Danitz apprehensively walked into her room with his head held high while others stared at him with envy.

Bookshelves filled the room, and all manner of books stood upon them.

Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina stood in front of a desk as she held a black fountain pen in her hand. She quickly wrote the following: "...I do not have similar items. Nor does Jodeson. He says he will help you look out for it, but that will require you to be sufficiently lucky."

Edwina raised her head and turned her clear, limpid blue eyes on Danitz.

"You will perform the ritual--the ritual to summon Gehrman Sparrow's messenger."

At that moment, Danitz was wondering if he would receive any special treatment from his captain, but when he heard that, he pointed at himself in astonishment. "Me?"

"Yes." Edwina folded the letter, straightened her body, and nodded. "This can help you familiarize yourself with similar rituals. I'll test you on this."

"Alright..." Danitz hid his disappointment as he did his best to recall the procedure while slowly setting up the ritual that only needed one candle.

Finally, under Edwina's watch, he took out a shiny Loen gold coin and placed it on the altar.

Holding the letter, Danitz ran through the rest of the ritual in his mind twice before he dared to do it.

He took a step back and said in ancient Hermes, "I!

"I summon in my name:

"The spirit that wanders about the unfounded, the friendly creature that can be subordinated, the messenger that belongs to Gehrman Sparrow."

Whoosh!

The wind howled in the wall of spirituality, sending Danitz's yellow hair flying upward.

The flame rapidly burgeoned to the size of a human head. It was as pale as the letter in Danitz's hand.

Soon, Danitz saw long blonde hair, bloodshot eyes, and a gorgeous head appear.

Hiss. Gehrman Sparrow's messenger is very unique. How can a spirit world creature look like a human, and it's so beautiful at that. She's just slightly inferior to Captain, uh... Danitz suddenly choked because he discovered that there was no neck beneath the head. Furthermore, it was held aloft by a hand gripping its hair.

He watched in a daze as one head after another appeared. He saw the headless figure dressed in a complicated dress appear before him.

She's indeed a creature from the spirit world... He felt ashamed for having those thoughts.

Taking a deep breath, Danitz hurriedly handed over the letter and saw one of the beautiful heads open its mouth to bite down on it with pearly-white teeth.

At that moment, Reinette Tinekerr's other head bit down on the gold coin on the altar.

However, she didn't immediately leave. The four bloodshot eyes on the other two heads darted toward Edwina Edwards, who was outside the wall of spirituality. She sized her up a few times.

Edwina felt herself being observed, and she couldn't suppress the horror that welled within her.

Reinette Tinekerr withdrew her gaze as her body turned illusory, fusing into the white candlelight.

The flame lit up again as the colors spread outwards. Everything returned to normal.

Just as Danitz removed the wall of spirituality, he heard his captain say in a deep voice, "That's not an ordinary creature from the spirit world..."

Not an ordinary creature from the spirit world? Danitz was stunned.

He knew that his captain's profession was a researcher of spirit world creatures. If she said it wasn't ordinary, it definitely wasn't one. It was extraordinary indeed!

Gehrman Sparrow really is a man with many secrets... Danitz reflected.

Backlund, Cherwood Borough.

Fors mustered every fiber in her body before she overcame the lethargy brought on by the fireplace. She changed into a thick, dark blue cotton dress, wrapped a light gray scarf around herself, and put on a warm lady's hat. Although the temperature wasn't too low, the pervasive fog made the cold seep into her bones as she took a carriage to Williams Street.

She took in the cold air and told herself that this was an ordinary outing for an author gathering material. There was no need for her to be nervous or appear abnormal.

Taking a few steps forward, Fors entered a coffee shop and sat by the window. As she drank the thick, warm liquid, she observed the pedestrians and the houses across the road.

There's nothing abnormal. There's no fighting or theft at all... This is a place where the rich live, so the security is much better than East Borough... Heh, I can still see someone from Feysac. He's really tall and muscular, like a bear. He also has companions... Haha, are those people from Intis? Their clothing is so flamboyant; it's as though they're acting in a play... Backlund is indeed the Capital of Capitals. I can meet many foreigners here... Fors gradually forgot her goal and opened up a notebook to record material for her novel.

After she finished her coffee, she circled the street and left after finding nothing peculiar. She planned to come again on Thursday.

After taking Edwina's reply letter from Reinette Tinekerr's "hands," Klein watched as the messenger vanished, confirming that she hadn't asked for an additional gold coin.

From the looks of it, using a gold coin as a ritual material works... He smiled, feeling pleased with himself as he opened the letter.

Having received an unhelpful answer, he planned to walk the streets in search of a chance to truly act and thereby distill his principles.

At that moment, he heard knocking at the door. It was Captain Elland.

Klein silently opened the door and said, "I was just about to look for you."

Elland chuckled and said, "There's no need. As long as you register your residence under your identity, I'll be able to know where you're staying."

The governor-general's office and the military have considerable control over the inns after all... Klein nodded without a word.

Elland turned his body halfway and pointed at the corridor.

"I'll bring you to see someone.

"The White Agate is about to return to Pritz Harbor. If you need help or have any information to provide, you can find him. We're often generous with payment."

This was what Klein had previously asked of him.

"Alright." Klein reached out to the coat rack.

After Klein put on his coat, Elland led him straight to the Amyris Leaf Bar and to a corner inside.

In the basement of the Amyris Leaf Bar.

Wormtongue Mithor King looked at Strongman Ozil opposite him and asked, "Have you gathered the recent intel about Blazing Danitz?"

"Yes," Ozil said with a smile. "Last week, Blue Eyes Meath saw Blazing Danitz with an unknown adventurer."

Chapter 598: Windfall

In a corner of the Amyris Leaf Bar, Elland found a man wearing a coffee-brown jacket, patted him on the shoulder, and laughed.

"Why aren't you drinking Lanti Proof?"

The man was in his thirties, with rather ordinary features. He was obviously of Loen descent.

He had brown hair and eyes, and a rather high nose bridge. His tipsy appearance instantly vanished as his eyes turned sharp.

He swept a glance at Elland and Klein before his eyes turned turbid again. He said, sounding completely intoxicated, "I've already been drinking. I'm drinking Zarhar to sober up."

Zarhar was a locally produced malt beer. It was cheap and tasted quite good.

Elland chuckled and pointed at Klein. "Gehrman Sparrow."

Then, he introduced the man to Klein: "Oz Kent. You can call him Kent.

"Talk among yourselves. I'll have to return to make preparations. I'll be setting off early tomorrow morning."

He waved his hand and left without any hesitation.

Klein pulled over a nearby chair and sat down. He ordered no alcohol and looked expressionlessly at Oz Kent.

Klein's stare made Kent feel extremely uncomfortable as he downed a mouthful of Zarhar and said, "Find me if there's anything in the future. You'll be paid as long as you provide any intel of value, or if you help us do certain things."

He wasn't worried that the drunkards around them would hear their conversation, as many gangs and pirate crews would say the same thing. The words used to rope in informants were usually the same.

"Alright." Klein had the strong urge to ask if he could be reimbursed for dressing up as Helene to assassinate Vice Admiral Ailment even though Danitz had already paid him.

However, it was just a thought.

Oz Kent chuckled while appearing completely drunk.

"I heard Elland mention a few things about you, but I have to remind you that a man shouldn't act too recklessly at sea. You need to be careful and try your best not to provoke the pirates. What I mean is, don't fight them head-on. Privately providing us with information would be fine. We will keep it secret for you."

This time, he had clearly suppressed his voice.

Seeing no response from Gehrman Sparrow, he added, "Pirates care nothing for chivalry, nor will they abide by the kingdom's laws and rules. Burp. If you have family in different port cities or an island colony, they'd definitely attack them."

Family... Klein fell silent for a second before calmly saying, "I do not have a family."

"..." Oz Kent was nearly at a loss for words. All he could do was say, "They will also attack your friends."

Then, he heard Gehrman Sparrow reply in an unperturbed tone, "I do not have friends."

"..." Oz Kent instantly choked up. He subconsciously drank a mouthful of Zarhar beer to calm himself.

After coughing twice, he said in a deep voice, "They will also ambush you. They will also bribe people to learn about your schedule and intercept your ship. At sea, one person's strength is often insignificant."

Klein said rather calmly, "I wouldn't refuse their money.

"That's basic courtesy."

Giving money? Oz Kent was clearly taken aback as he found Gehrman Sparrow's words incomprehensible.

A few seconds later, he realized that the man was treating pirates as mobile bounties.

He drank mouthful after mouthful of beer, momentarily at a loss for words.

In the basement of the Amyris Leaf Bar.

"An unknown adventurer?" Wormtongue Mithor King's mind stirred as he sat straight up.

Strongman Ozil nodded.

"According to Blue Eyes Meath, that adventurer is new. He likely hasn't been to the archipelago for long, but Meath felt that he was considerably dangerous."

Considerably dangerous? Could he be the person who killed Steel Maveti and company with Blazing Danitz? Could it be the person who disguised himself as Helene to attack Captain? Mithor immediately connected the clues as he asked in a deep voice, "Do you have his photograph or a portrait?"

Ozil beckoned to a subordinate and received a sheet of white paper.

"We used a ritual to get Blue Eyes Meath to draw the unknown adventurer's appearance. As you know, establishing a firm foothold in Bayam's underworld is different from being a successful pirate. I need people to support me. Sigh, I spent quite a bit of money hiring them."

Mithor could read between the lines as he chuckled.

"As long as you get to the bottom of this matter, Captain won't be stingy with her reward."

He took the portrait, unfolded it, and discovered a cold-looking man with black hair and brown eyes. His face was slightly thin, with chiseled features. He wore a black double-breasted frock coat and a half top hat.

Never seen him before. It's impossible to confirm if he's the person who disguised himself as Helene... Mithor raised his head and said, "Find out his identity and whereabouts."

"I've already instructed my men to do it," Strongman Ozil said with a deep laugh.

The two fell silent at the same time as they drank their Southville red wine.

A few minutes later, a bar bouncer entered and broke the silence.

He glanced at Wormtongue Mithor, leaned in towards his boss's ear, and whispered.

Ozil's expression instantly turned odd as an unconcealed smile appeared.

He put down the wine glass and said after pausing, "That unknown adventurer has been found."

"Where is he?" Mithor asked.

Ozil pointed upstairs.

"At this very bar."

Mithor looked up at the ceiling and remained silent for a few seconds.

"I'll go up to verify."

He believed that having had some interaction with the disguised Helene, he had gained a general sense of the man's abilities. He believed that no matter how good the man was at disguising himself, he would definitely feel a sense of familiarity; therefore, he decided to confirm it himself.

According to his usual habits, he wouldn't have taken such initiative and would instead perform an investigation from the periphery. Only with enough confidence would he get himself involved. But this time, he didn't have much confidence in Ozil's subordinate. If it was really the person who disguised himself as Helene, he would immediately change his appearance and identity and vanish once he noticed something was amiss.

Besides, Mithor knew that he was currently being punished by his captain. He had to quickly perform a deed of merit in order to return to the Black Death.

Sigh, regardless of whether I was incompetent or insufficiently careful, the outcome cannot be changed. I was fooled by that disguise and brought "her" onto the Black Death, nearly killing Captain...

If it were Qilangos, he wouldn't have spared me. Heh, he has always been very greedy. He had long thirsted for my Beyonder powers...

Captain didn't believe that I had been in cahoots with the assassin simply because Qilangos could also change his appearance with Creeping Hunger. She didn't summon people to surround and kill me. She only sent me to Bayam to investigate this matter. She's already been merciful enough... Compared to Qilangos, she is truly a captain worthy of my loyalty. I have to quickly provide some meritorious service and find an excuse to contact her to prove myself worthy of her treatment. As Mithor King got up and walked out, he couldn't help but have these thoughts churn through his mind.

Although he was a pirate who had killed countless people and plundered countless ships, he had a soft spot in his heart. Besides, he didn't notice that he was constantly being mesmerized by Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy through his prolonged interactions with her. His fondness for her had seeped deep into his bones. Even without the supplementary effects of Ailment Maiden, he wouldn't have resisted kneeling down and kissing her toes at her behest.

Of course, this didn't prevent his countless fantasies about Tracy. If he had the chance, he believed he would take the initiative to do so even if he didn't get her permission.

As a pirate, he had done such things plenty of times.

When he went upstairs, Mithor King followed the guidance of Ozil's subordinates and made his way halfway around the bar along the wall. From afar, he saw the unknown adventurer sitting in the corner.

Identical to the portrait... but I don't feel any familiarity... Is it because his disguise is sufficiently good, or is he someone else, for example, Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina? She can mimic the Beyonder powers of those she had witnessed before. It's not impossible for her to change her appearance like Qilangos... Mithor's gaze paused for two seconds before he cautiously retracted it.

But at this moment, Klein's spiritual intuition as a Seer told him that someone was observing him.

Without concealing anything, Klein immediately turned to look back. He saw a man with short eyebrows, deep eye sockets, and bronze eyes.

Wormtongue Mithor King... Third mate of Vice Admiral Ailment's flagship, Black Death... Klein instantly recognized the person observing him.

Instantly, two thoughts flashed through his mind.

One of them was: 5,400-pound bounty!

The other was: Why is he observing me? He managed to find me by investigating Danitz?

The military contact person, Oz Kent, discovered Gehrman Sparrow's abnormality as he traced his gaze. However, due to his angle, he was blocked by a few drunkards.

At that moment, Klein already instinctively devised a solution. It was to pretend that he didn't recognize Mithor King, retract his gaze, and get a glass of alcohol to drink. He could then secretly observe where he went, and then use his powers as a Faceless to infiltrate Mithor's hideout before silently hunting him.

As this thought flashed past his mind, Klein suddenly discovered a problem.

That's me being myself.

But I'm now Gehrman Sparrow, a seemingly calm but crazy adventurer!

With this thought, he suddenly turned around, drew his revolver, and aimed at Wormtongue Mithor King inside the rowdy bar.

Bang!

A gunshot rang through the bar as many customers reflexively crouched down while hugging their heads. All of them were extremely experienced.

Many drunkards slumped to the ground, with more than ten people throwing themselves to the side or rolling on the ground to dodge. This series of actions was well practiced, and Mithor King was one of them.

However, Klein didn't really pull the trigger, as he was afraid of injuring the innocent bystanders by mistake. There were many customers between him and Mithor.

The gunshot stemmed from his Illusion Creation power!

At that moment, his line of fire cleared as people crouched down. Hence, having aimed at Mithor, who had thrown himself sideways to the ground, he pulled the trigger this time.

Bang!

Chapter 599: Dragon Might

Bang!

The brass bullet crossed half the bar, flying straight for Wormtongue Mithor King's body.

But just as it was about to hit him, Mithor's brown eyes suddenly turned dark.

The bullet veered, and its trajectory curved upward slightly as it accurately hit a glass cup filled with golden beer.

Amidst a loud noise, the glass instantly shattered, splashing beer everywhere.

At the same time, Mithor grabbed a cup from a customer, extended his arm, and threw it at Klein.

What's the point of that? Klein only dodged slightly and the glass sailed past him to shatter against the wall.

At that moment, Wormtongue Mithor immediately lunged forward and rolled, heading for the entrance to the basement. He tried to enter to get help or escape via a secret path.

He had initially confirmed that the unknown and crazy adventurer was the assassin who had disguised himself as Helene and boarded the Black Death, targeting Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy.

Furthermore, his series of actions, which had nearly succeeded, told him that in a one-on-one situation, he wasn't a match for the man!

This was someone with power at the pirate admiral level!

Tap! Tap! Tap! Klein quickly chased after Wormtongue Mithor.

He was fast and agile. Despite being inside the chaotic bar, he didn't step on anyone.

Seeing the basement guards approaching with revolvers, Mithor King about to reach them, and the bar's bouncers closing in, Klein didn't hesitate. He suddenly clenched his left hand.

The black glove was instantly covered with dense dark golden scales. His dark brown irises turned pale and became vertical.

Right on the heels of that, an invisible wave surged outward with him at its epicenter.

In the areas where the wave passed, the customers who were crouching with their heads covered turned limp or trembled. The military contact, Oz Kent, also clearly lost his reason, as though he had encountered the most terrifying thing in the world. All he wanted was to escape.

The bouncers who had approached were no different. Extreme horror gripped their hearts as they ran around aimlessly, making the situation turn even more chaotic.

Clang! Clang! Clang! The bouncers in the basement threw away their weapons, some running to a corner and curling into balls, others trembling on the spot, their crotches rapidly turning moist.

Wormtongue Mithor felt as though he was struck by lightning. In his fear, he began running in circles at the entrance.

This was a Psychiatrist's Awe, also known as Dragon's Might or Mass Chaos!

This was Klein's only crowd control Beyonder power!

At that moment, Klein didn't break stride. In a few steps, he had arrived beside Mithor.

In that instant, a scene suddenly surfaced in his mind. Mithor, who looked to be lost in extreme horror, suddenly raised his head and swung his right fist over, aiming straight for Klein's head.

Without hesitation, Klein fully trusted his Clown's intuition for danger. He immediately bent down and turned his body sideways.

Almost at the same time, Wormtongue Mithor suddenly raised his head. His brown eyes were dark and clear, without any sense of muddleheadedness.

At some point, he had shaken off the effects of Dragon's Might!

This was beyond Klein's expectations.

Bang!

Mithor's muscles bulged as he bent his back and threw a punch that resembled a cannonball. However, he didn't hit his intended target and instead hit the wall of the entrance.

Creak!

Pulverized brick erupted from the point of impact. A huge hole surrounded by a spiderweb of cracks immediately appeared. The entire bar seemed to shake.

The power of the punch was far stronger than a revolver's bullet!

But at this moment, Klein had already flashed behind him. His body straightened up again as his glove seemed to be covered in a layer of gold.

His brown eyes lit up with two flashes of lightning as they shot out like bullets.

Interrogator's Psychic Piercing!

"Ah!" Mithor King let out a shrill cry, but he didn't fall to the ground. He rolled as he grimaced in pain, holding his arms to protect his head.

He soon recovered with unnatural speed from the pain of Psychic Piercing, but he felt ice-cold metal at his forehead. He saw the cold, lean adventurer pull the trigger.

At such close range, although Psychic Piercing's effects lasted for a second, it was enough for Klein to raise his right arm and place the revolver's barrel at Wormtongue Mithor King's head!

Bang!

Mithor King's pleas died unspoken in his half-open mouth as a picture of blood and white matter blossomed on the wall behind him. It was grotesque, fresh, and messy.

The luster in his eyes vanished as Mithor collapsed backward, leaning against the wall before sliding to the ground.

At noon on the 1st of February 1350, Wormtongue Mithor was hunted.

Klein glanced around at the chaotic bar and closed the door to the basement. He chained the door with the existing chains and pulled them into a tight knot.

He bent down and dragged Mithor King down a few steps, but he didn't directly enter.

As he was wary of enemies who might suddenly charge out from inside, he opened his palm and aimed it at Wormtongue Mithor's corpse from above.

He had no qualms about grazing the Black Death's third mate. He believed that he was definitely guilty of heinous crimes. First, he had been a subordinate of Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos, and the deceased pirate admiral had once massacred an entire ship. Qilangos had been utterly cold-blooded. This was obvious from what the Red Glove Nightmare inside Creeping Hunger had encountered. Second, Mithor was working for Vice Admiral Ailment, which was equivalent to working for the Demoness Sect. It was unknown how many cases of human trafficking he had been involved in.

Creeping Hunger returned to the appearance of thin human skin as his palm cracked open, producing two bloodshot eyes.

In an instant, a biting cold wind stirred in the entrance's passageway to the basement. It constantly spun around Wormtongue Mithor's corpse, slowly outlining a blurry figure with short eyebrows and deep eye sockets.

Black yet lustrous points of light rapidly surged out of the corpse, combining with Mithor's Spirit Body. All of them were injected into Creeping Hunger, where an empty finger was waiting for it, forming a connection with the surroundings to a certain degree.

Creeping Hunger first turned black, taking on a sinister and noble air, then returned to its original state and radiated its hunger for flesh and blood.

Klein silently diverted his senses to it for a few seconds and was pleasantly surprised that the powers he received were rather useful. Although there were only two, they were much better than the previous three he had obtained from the Zombie Sequence!

At this point, he learned that the Mid-Sequence Beyonder was a Sequence 6 Baron of Corruption from the Lawyer pathway. One of the powers came from Baron of Corruption, and the other came from the Sequence 7 Briber.

The former was Distortion. By distorting the target's words, actions, and intent, he could impose an order advantageous to himself, thereby restraining and influencing his opponent.

The latter was Bribe, which was one of the various powers of a Briber. More accurately, it would be Bribe--Weaken.

To use this power, he had to give the target a certain item. This would then greatly weaken the target's attacks, defense, and control over him for a time.

Give the target a certain item? His act of throwing a glass of alcohol was considered a Bribe? As expected of the Black Emperor pathway. It finds loopholes in "order" while appearing domineering... It's no wonder my Dragon's Might and Psychic Piercing powers weren't as effective on Mithor as I imagined. Even my bullet's power was reduced. I thought that shot would've blown his entire head off... Klein came to a realization.

At the same time, he understood why he had involuntarily flown toward the Black Emperor, where King of the Five Seas, Nast, was. It was because Nast had distorted his intent to proceed forward, making it impossible for him to stop.

Not bad at all... Klein lowered his head to glance at Wormtongue Mithor's corpse before he went down to the basement.

He was trying to find some food for Creeping Hunger.

It was unknown whether it had to do with him repeatedly throwing Creeping Hunger above the gray fog, but Creeping Hunger wasn't as crazy anymore. It seemed able to bear its hunger; therefore, Klein wasn't in a hurry. He advanced slowly, wary of any surprises.

Before long, he saw Strongman Ozil leading his subordinates over. The sizable group included both Beyonders and gunmen!

Klein's expression remained stoic as his black glove was covered in dark golden scales once again.

His irises turned light in color as they suddenly turned vertical. Invisible waves instantly surged forward.

Psychiatrist's Dragon's Might!

Chapter 600: Clearing the Place

With Dragon's Might surging out, Strongman Ozil and his subordinates quaked on the spot, as though struck by a gigantic hammer.

Suddenly, some of them ran in every direction, fleeing aimlessly. Some kept going in circles, while others stood rooted to the spot, trembling uncontrollably. There were all manner of reactions.

Unlike previously when he was afraid that Wormtongue Mithor would recover, when every second had counted, Klein had plenty of time to observe his surroundings at that moment. He instantly grasped the situation.

Their different reactions stem from their mental fortitude and resilience. The weakest ordinary people ran wildly. Those with relatively stronger mental fortitude among the ordinary people would run about aimlessly. Beyonders, whose psyches had been enhanced, as well as ordinary people with strong mental fortitude, would circle around on the spot, trying to escape yet stopping themselves at the same time. Powerful Beyonders with exceptional mental fortitude would stand trembling in place or go around in circles.

Those who suffer from incontinence as a result of fear belong to those driven to flee or hide...

Klein swept his gaze and was about to raise his gun to shoot, to deprive the enemies who threatened him of the ability to do combat.

At that moment, he discovered that a man who had been trembling on the spot had regained clarity in his eyes. He was about to escape the influence of Awe, while the others were also showing symptoms of recovering.

Considering how he didn't have the ability to disable all of them in such a short period of time, and how a gunshot would jolt a number of them back to their senses, as well as how the Beyonders might harm him by combining their various powers, Klein changed his mind and made the glove on his left hand gleam with a sinister, reflective blackness.

His eyes turned dark as he forcefully distorted the intentions of the people who were waking up.

The trembling man pounced forward suddenly. He could no longer resist his thoughts of fleeing. He ran straight for the secret exit, leaving his employer, Strongman Ozil, cowering behind.

Klein rapidly switched between Psychiatrist and Baron of Corruption, repeatedly using Dragon's Might followed by Distortion. Soon, he drove all of Ozil's mentally strong or resilient bouncers into the basement.

Although Creeping Hunger couldn't compare to a genuine Shepherd and switching between different souls required a certain cooldown period, Klein grasped the rhythm very well. He easily accomplished his goal while some effects of Dragon's Might still lingered.

However, he also discovered a problem. For certain targets, if they were repeatedly exposed to Dragon's Might and Awe within a short period of time, the effects would weaken with repeated use. Of course, most of Strongman Ozil's subordinates were already slumped on the ground after repeatedly being hit by Dragon's Might. They were pissing and defecating themselves, emitting a stench.

Dragon's Might and Distortion are quite a good combination... If Mithor hadn't tried to counterattack, he could've escaped with Bribe--Weaken and Distortion, and I might not have been able to catch up to him and finish him off. Yes, that counterattack of his was very potent. There were no warning signs. If not for the spirituality and intuition of a Seer and Clown, I might not have been able to use a Paper Figurine Substitute in time, let alone dodge the strike.

This reminds me that even though Creeping Hunger provides the combat strength of a Sequence 5, I shouldn't underestimate other Sequence 6s. One careless mistake could get me killed...

Amidst his thoughts, Klein made the glove turn as though it was gilded. His eyes suddenly lit up with two bolts of lightning.

Strongman Ozil immediately cried out in pain as he couldn't bear it anymore. He crashed to the ground like a collapsing mountain. He held his head as he struggled in pain like a freshly caught catfish.

Unfortunately, I don't have any Beyonder powers that can launch an area-of-effect attack. Otherwise, I'd be able to hold the other Beyonders at bay... I remember that there's a Lightning Storm in the Sea King's domain... However, such charms are too high-level. They exceed the realm of my knowledge... Klein swept his gaze across all the goons before unhurriedly walking into the basement.

This place was originally a market, but with everyone fleeing, it was empty.

Dressed in his double-breasted frock coat, Klein pulled a chair out from behind a stall. He placed it before Ozil and leisurely sat down. He leaned forward as he observed the boss of the Amyris Leaf Bar without a word.

After Ozil tumbled around for a while, he finally recovered from the pain that nearly made him lose control. However, he still suffered from a splitting headache.

He was just about to stand up when he saw a pair of pale-colored eyes that reflected pale gold light. He saw a glove covered in dark golden scales.

In that instant, cold sweat was still dripping from his forehead. He felt that one maelstrom after another was appearing in his eyes, sucking in all his attention.

Klein calmly asked, "Were you once a pirate?"

"Yes." Ozil realized that he had the strong intention of answering the man.

This was a Psychological Cue!

Klein asked again without a change in tone, "What deeds have you done in the past that violated the kingdom's laws?"

Ozil didn't hide anything from him. He readily recounted what he had done as a pirate and as the boss of the Amyris Leaf Bar. His crimes included plundering liners, raping female passengers, and killing the innocent. They also included eliminating competitors, kidnapping their family members, and setting ambushes to send entire families to the bottom of the ocean.

Klein listened to all of this in silence, and the corners of his mouth curled up slowly. He clapped his left palm against his right hand and said, "What a competent pirate and passable gang boss."

Amidst his praise, he extended his left hand as a ferocious mouth opened up on the thin human skin.

Shrill screams resounded in the basement, but they stopped after a few seconds. All that was left were echoes.

Klein sat in his seat, watching silently as the bright points of light slowly gathered in front of him.

Around him, all the goons who were suffering from incontinence instinctively distanced themselves from him. As they crawled, they left stains on the ground.

Moments later, Klein slowly stood up. He bent down to pick up a pure spherical light that was the size of a baby's fist, as well as the wallet from inside Ozil's clothes.

After glancing at the thickness of the wad of cash, he put away the two items and holstered his revolver. He took off his half top hat and bowed to the trembling goons in the corner.

Klein checked the underground area after he was done with everything. To his regret, he didn't discover anything resembling a safe. All he could do was return via the passageway, pick up Wormtongue Mithor King's corpse, and walk to the entrance.

He paused for two seconds as the scene outside was naturally outlined in his mind. He discovered that the bouncers he had imagined would attempt to open the door and provide help had already disappeared.

The Dragon's Might from just now made them realize that it's a battle between Beyonders, so they retreated? As expected of a region where pirates are everywhere. Some ordinary people still know something about Beyonders... It seems such matters happen often here? Some fugitive suddenly gets arrested by the Mandated Punishers? Klein undid the metal chains and reached for Mithor King's pocket in passing and took his cash.

He held back the urge to count his earnings as he burned a paper figurine and threw it outside before opening the door to the entrance. He then walked out with Mithor's corpse.

At that moment, most of the customers in the bar were gone. There were only about eight people hiding in different spots to await the outcome.

Klein surveyed the room expressionlessly, and every gaze hastily withdrew.

The only one who dared to look at him head-on was Oz Kent. He was frowning as he watched Gehrman Sparrow carry a corpse over slowly.

Bang!

The corpse flew in front of him, smashing a table beneath it.

Oz Kent focused his gaze as his pupils instantly contracted.

Wormtongue Mithor King! Vice Admiral Ailment's third mate, Mithor King! He looked up in shock and stared at Gehrman Sparrow.

Klein revealed a faint smile.

"Remember my bounty."

With that said, he removed his half top hat, bowed slightly as a form of bidding farewell, and turned to leave through the Amyris Leaf Bar's main door.

Bayam Harbor. On the White Agate.

Elland watched as the door to his captain's cabin was slammed open. He asked in surprise, "Kent, what happened?"

Oz Kent demanded with a warped expression, "Elland, what kind of monster did you introduce me to?"

"... Gehrman Sparrow?" Elland asked in return, feeling somewhat uncertain.

Oz Kent nodded.

"He killed Wormtongue and Strongman without batting an eye, inside the Amyris Leaf Bar, right in front of me! It didn't even take him five minutes!"

He felt like he was going crazy.

"Mithor King?" Elland asked, but he sounded like he was repeating the name to himself.

Then, he revealed a rueful smile.

"From the looks of it, we have to report to the higher-ups."

He mentioned neither Blazing Danitz nor Steel Maveti's death.

"Alright!" Oz Kent was waiting for him to say that.

At three in the afternoon, inside a garden building near the governor-general's office.

Elland and Oz Kent were sitting in an elegantly decorated living room as they awaited the reply from an important figure.

After an unknown amount of time, a young man with neatly slicked-back blond hair walked down the staircase and said to the two, "The General says that since he currently shows no animosity, we should honor the agreement and continue our existing cooperation. However, we must be careful. Send a telegram back to Backlund and secretly investigate his true identity and intentions here at sea.

"Also, spread the news that he killed Mithor King. Spread it among the pirates."

"Yes, Mr. Luan." After receiving clear instructions, Elland and Oz Kent immediately heaved a sigh of relief.

Inside the inn, Klein did a divination and counted his cash, confirming that he had received 327 pounds 9 soli 5 pence, and a Beyonder characteristic from a Sequence 8 Pugilist from the Warrior pathway.

This is also an item worth six or seven hundred pounds... Furthermore, there's Mithor's bounty. Even if I deduct the "labor fees," there will still be several thousand pounds. Heh, Oz Kent might not dare to take his cut... This is quite a good harvest. It's like a windfall! Klein thought contentedly before holding a ritual and sending Creeping Hunger up to the gray fog.

To be frank, he felt that Dragon's Might, Frenzy, and Psychological Cue were three rather useful Beyonder powers that he couldn't bear to part with. However, since he had already promised Miss Justice, he ultimately chose to abide by his promise.
