Chapter 651: Meeting Again

Upon seeing Will Auceptin's warning, Klein's first thought was that he had been blessed with good luck.

Thankfully, I didn't court death by continuing the exploration... He couldn't help but heave a sigh of relief.

Although he had seen the mural related to Ouroboros, as well as the terrifying monster Anderson had mutated into for some unknown reason, he hadn't actually placed himself in physical danger.

I wonder if I'll randomly appear in another area in the next dream, or if it will continue from where it left off... If it's the latter, the best course of action is not to disturb Anderson, lest I agitate him. I'll just retrace my steps and leave that black cloister... Klein retracted his gaze and continued reading.

"Apart from the dream, the other matters aren't too troublesome. As long as you don't attempt to approach those ruins, look directly at the thing that flies through the sky at 'midday,' or challenge the storms that give ample warning, you should have no problems if you follow the safe sea routes verified by others.

"As for mermaids, just keep sailing forward, and you'll eventually encounter them. This is because, at their level, they only live in relatively safe areas, and there aren't many such places.

"Finally, I hope everything goes smoothly.

"Sincerely, your friend who may often be in a deep sleep due to reaching a critical stage in his development,

Will Auceptin"

The final sentence was long and somewhat awkward, but Klein instantly understood what the Snake of Fate meant: Before I'm born, don't disturb me unless it's something extremely important and critical!

I'll try my best... Klein replied inwardly, though without any confidence.

If he successfully advanced, then it might not take long before he had to seek Will Auceptin's help in finding the Sequence 4 potion formula for the Seer pathway.

More confident about finding mermaids, Klein immediately left the dream, put on his hat, and headed for the pirates' dining hall.

Due to the dream's disturbance, most of the food had turned cold, but the pirates still had a great time eating. After all, no one died.

Since no one died during this mystical encounter, they naturally felt great that they had something to brag about.

"Do you want a cup of milk?" Frank Lee held a plate and sat opposite Klein, asking warmly.

Recalling the conversation in the dream, Klein firmly shook his head with a deadpan expression.

Deep down, he was very worried that all the milk aboard the ship was the product of Frank's experiments.

Frank didn't mind as he gulped a mouthful of milk.

"I remember telling you about those little things in the dream?"

"Yes." Klein cut into a Dragon-Bone Fish cooked in sauce and stuffed a piece into his mouth.

This kind of fish was well known for having few bones. Most of the time, it had only one main bone. In Backlund, its various species were considered mid- to high-end delicacies, but east of Oravi Island, on the periphery of the safe sea routes, they could often be caught.

Frank chuckled.

"My description back then was a little inaccurate. Their true purpose is to make creatures produce milk even when they aren't normally capable of lactation, regardless of whether they're male or female. As long as they consume it, they'll produce milk, then return to normal once they stop being fed it. This way, dairy cows don't have to suffer any torment. It also makes raising children fairer for men and women and helps women go out to work..."

Wait, why are you telling me this... Klein nearly failed to maintain his persona as Gehrman Sparrow.

At that instant, he felt that the nickname "crazy" shouldn't belong to Gehrman Sparrow, but to Frank Lee.

He's actually someone who supports equality between men and women. However, his means are a little terrifying... That's right. The Church of Earth Mother is like the Church of the Goddess. They believe that women should have the same standing in society as men. However, they place more emphasis on reproduction, treating it as the holiest matter...

Among the seven Churches, the Church of Storms and the Church of the God of Combat are the most biased toward men. The Church of the Eternal Blazing Sun is next. As for the Church of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom, it differs from the other Churches by discriminating based on intelligence. The Church of Steam is neutral and has even worked with the Church of the Goddess to encourage women to enter the workforce due to industry's growing demand for labor... The differences between the seven Churches instantly flashed through Klein's mind.

He looked up and glanced at Frank Lee as though what he had just said was something trivial.

This made Frank rather happy as he couldn't help but drink a few more mouthfuls of milk.

After the pirates finished their lunch in batches, Cattleya pushed open the windows to the captain's cabin once again. Using magic, she amplified her voice.

"There's an island 1.5 nautical miles ahead of us. We will dock there and wait for the storm to pass.

"In these waters, every time there's a switch from noon to nighttime, there's a possibility of a terrifying storm occurring. I cannot confirm when it will happen, but I believe it's safer for us to wait for it to pass before we continue our voyage."

She went into far more detail than usual, as this wasn't a sudden occurrence and there was plenty of time.

One of the things people at sea feared most was a storm; therefore, no one objected. They followed Cattleya's instructions. Under Navigator Ottolov's and Boatswain Nina's guidance, they nervously prepared to dock.

And this made Klein confirm one of the matters that Will Auceptin had mentioned.

Do not challenge any signs of a storm!

Before long, an island covered with gigantic trees appeared ahead of the Future.

The sailboat, more than a hundred meters long, adjusted its course and docked against the wind.

More than half an hour passed as the sky suddenly dimmed. Lead-colored clouds surfaced one after another.

They overlapped with one another as though they enveloped all the surrounding waters.

Amidst a loud boom and blinding flashes of lightning, a hurricane from afar swept over.

It connected the clouds above to the sea below. It was more colossal than any legendary giant, like a gigantic coiling serpent bent on destroying the world.

The terrifying hurricane brought waves that towered like mountains. Lightning branched like trees and did not cease with the storm's arrival. It constantly struck the sea, splitting into tiny electric arcs that spread outward.

As rain pattered down on the Future's deck, the pirates who had entered the cabin or taken shelter felt as though the apocalypse had arrived.

Such a storm didn't last too long. The sea calmed down after about fifteen minutes, and the hurricane dissipated. The midday sunlight reigned in the sky once again.

"You can head onto the island for a while, but don't wander inside. You have to be within the range of the cannons." Cattleya gave the pirates a brief chance of reprieve.

Klein kept in mind Will Auceptin's warnings and had no desire to explore the island. After leaving the Future, he only walked about on the shore, taking in the feeling of having his feet on solid ground.

Beach, sunlight, trees... It feels like a vacation... Klein thought with amusement when he suddenly noticed a rapidly moving black dot out of the corner of his eye.

It was rushing over from the boundary of a cliff!

The black dot increased in size to reveal a human figure!

Not far away, Cattleya, who was on the sand, also noticed the abnormality. She half-turned around and took off the heavy glasses perched on the bridge of her nose.

The figure with emerald-colored eyes approached. He was wearing a white shirt, a black vest, and trousers. He was of medium build with his blond hair split seventy-thirty.

Anderson!

The unlucky Anderson!

Klein instantly recognized him.

The person was none other than the terrifying Anderson in the dream world!

It was the Anderson who said that his companions never returned after they proceeded to explore the hall but had claimed to be a member of the exploration team!

At that moment, Anderson raised his right hand.

Without any hesitation, as Gehrman Sparrow, Klein took out a charm and chanted a single word in ancient Hermes.

"Storm!"

The charm made of tin immediately turned sharp, resembling a thin blade.

With the infusion of spirituality, the wind in midair reverberated.

With a deadpan expression, Klein threw out the charm in his hand at Anderson.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

Sharp azure blades shot at their target like a firing squad's volley.

Anderson had raised his right hand high with a smile and was about to say something when he heard a deep, mysterious incantation and the scalp-numbing shriek of the wind.

His gaze froze as he threw himself to the side and somersaulted multiple times in a pathetic manner as if the area before him was scorching metal.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

The wind blades struck the beach, slicing clear slits into the sand, but they were just short of hitting their target.

"Stop! Stop!" As Anderson nimbly somersaulted to dodge, he shouted, "I come in peace! I mean no harm!"

"Anderson Hood..." Admiral of Stars suddenly said a name as she raised her hand to stop Gehrman Sparrow who had taken out a charm.

She knows Anderson? Klein didn't rashly chant the charm's incantation as he said in a deep voice, "He has already mutated.

"I saw him in the dream."

He wasn't surprised at meeting the unlucky Anderson. This was because the pirates were all in the same area during the dream. They were all very close to one another, which also meant that Anderson, who wasn't too far away, was also very close to the Future.

"No! Not at all!" Anderson stood up, at a loss on whether to laugh or cry. He raised his hands like he was surrendering. "I recognize you. You asked me many questions. Back then, I wanted to pull a prank on you. Really, it was just a joke to enliven the mood. Don't you think that having the mood suddenly change into one of horror is an exhilarating experience? Of course, I'm referring to the target and not myself.

"If I had participated in the exploration, how could I still be alive?"

That is what I'm worried about... Klein didn't believe his explanation.

Anderson shrugged and said, "I was preparing to explain that the moment I said that. I was planning on telling you that I was joking and had planned to seek your help. I hope that you could take me away, but at that moment, the dream ended... Dammit, I was really too unlucky!"

It does comply with the traits of being unlucky... Klein silently muttered.

He planned to flip a coin then and there to test him with divination when he suddenly heard Admiral of Stars Cattleya say, "Listen to what he has to say.

"He's very famous in the Fog Sea. He has the nickname 'Strongest Hunter.'"

Chapter 652: Mermaid Clues

Strongest Hunter... Klein was shocked by this nickname. After carefully recalling, he realized that the man didn't have a bounty on his head.

That meant that Anderson Hood's description of himself in the dream world was real and reliable. He was more of a treasure hunter!

Unfortunately, Gehrman Sparrow hasn't killed any pirate admirals. Otherwise, I would be the strongest hunter... Klein didn't let down his guard as he coldly regarded the man.

As long as Anderson Hood showed any signs of abnormality, he would immediately throw the charm in his hand. After all, all the charms had the same activation incantation. At his Sequence level, he could utter it while simultaneously infusing the charm with spirituality.

Upon hearing the Admiral of Stars's introduction, Anderson seriously shook his head.

"No, I'm not the strongest hunter." Oh, he's still rather humble... Klein sighed inwardly.

Anderson chuckled and added, "Admiral of Stars, if you really insist, then you'd better add one condition: below the demigod level.

"Yes, the strongest hunter below that of a demigod."

...I take back what I just said... The corners of Klein's mouth twitched almost imperceptibly.

Seeing no response from the Admiral of Stars, Anderson naturally lowered his arms.

"These waters are very dangerous, but they contain many treasures. I believe the two of you are well aware of that.

"In the past, many adventurers--or, more precisely, treasure hunters--entered these waters in search of fortuitous encounters, but most of them never left alive. Heh heh, I said most, so there have always been a few lucky ones who obtained items and ingredients and made it out safely.

"The treasure-hunting team I was in was organized by two treasure hunters experienced in this area. They claimed to know which ruins in the first half of the safe route were not to be explored and which ones could be ventured into. They also claimed to know how to hunt various kinds of monsters and avoid evil creatures that had lost control.

"I've always been curious about these waters. They successfully persuaded me to join the expedition."

"And then?" Cattleya looked at the figure opposite her with her black eyes that had a purple hue.

Anderson sighed and said, "It went very smoothly in the beginning, as smoothly as it possibly could. We avoided danger and obtained many relics left behind by former explorers. We also hunted some monsters and obtained several ingredients.

"Everything changed when we discovered a strange temple on a submerged island. There were many murals which remained intact. This gentleman has also seen it in the dream world."

He used his chin to gesture at Klein.

"That's not important," Klein replied calmly.

Anderson shook his head and smiled bitterly.

"One of the murals was very sinister. It described a pilgrimage proceeding forward amidst a parted sea.

"The leader of the pilgrimage is depicted as an angel with long silver hair cascading down his back. He had very gentle facial features.

"I was the first to arrive in front of that mural. I reached out my right hand and habitually outlined the various lines in midair. It's true, I... really didn't touch it. I was at least five centimeters away, but to my surprise, the angel in the mural suddenly opened his eyes."

... Your nickname as the Strongest Hunter must've come from all the trouble you attract... Klein scoffed silently without the slightest pity.

"Silver-haired angel?" Cattleya asked in return.

"Yes, but I'm not sure which angel it is. At the very least, he hasn't appeared in any of the portraits of the seven Churches. Of course, the mural's artist might have invented him, and he might not be real." Anderson was about to raise a hand to comb his hair when he noticed that the man in the round-necked shirt, brown jacket, pantaloons, and dark cap was staring coldly at him. It seemed any suspicious movement would make the man attack without hesitation.

But at that moment, Klein was thinking about something else.

This fellow is very knowledgeable about art. At the very least, an ordinary person wouldn't be familiar with so many religious portraits.

Cattleya, having received no adequate answer, immediately turned toward Klein with an inquisitive gaze.

She had just heard from Anderson Hood that Gehrman Sparrow had seen the mural.

Perhaps this member of the organization blessed by the "Lord" can recognize the angel... Cattleya had an inexplicable feeling that Gehrman Sparrow might truly know the answer.

Considering how Ma'am Hermit would be able to obtain the answer at the next Tarot Club from a casual question, Klein didn't hesitate to simply say, "Tail Devourer Ouroboros."

Tail Devourer Ouroboros? That Angel of Fate? That King of Angels? Cattleya unknowingly pursed her lips as the purple hue in her eyes turned slightly more obvious.

The last time she had heard this name was from the Tarot Club, thanks to Miss Justice.

And that was when she first learned of the existence of the Kings of Angels. She never expected to find clues about them in the real world just a few months later!

"Tail Devourer Ouroboros?" Anderson ruminated over the name in a daze.

Klein didn't speak further, showing his disinterest in explaining.

Seeing how the Admiral of Stars wasn't speaking a word, Anderson could only laugh and continue, "I thought I was hallucinating back then because the mural didn't show any abnormality after that.

"After that, our team split in two. Most were frightened by my account and believed we shouldn't continue exploring the temple. The remaining third wanted more treasure and set off deeper inside. We waited an entire day--noon gave way to night three times--but they never returned.

"We were all outstanding treasure hunters, so we knew that something must've gone wrong. After confirming the situation, we didn't dare stay or wait any longer. We immediately left the temple, boarded the ship, and returned the way we had come. We had already gained plenty and didn't wish to take any more risks."

Wait, none of you intended to save your companions? Yes, when danger strikes, a hastily assembled treasure-hunting team will only care about themselves and the few friends they know well... In my experience, those companions of yours who vanished might be eating the fingers of corpses... Klein lampooned inwardly without reprimanding Anderson.

Anderson sighed again and said, "After leaving that temple, I discovered something abnormal about myself. For one thing, I became terribly unlucky, and everything I did ended in failure. I could be quietly drinking light beer only to discover that someone had used the barrel as a toilet and pissed in it. Well, that didn't happen to me. It happened to one of my companions.

"On the other hand, we gained control of ourselves in our dreams. We were no longer lost in a reverie and possessed awareness, but we had no means of taking action. Therefore, some of my companions, a third of our original number, ventured deep into the dream world. Heh heh, they never returned."

Cattleya, who had been listening in silence, asked, "What about their bodies in the real world?"

"They mutated into monsters, killing quite a number of my remaining companions and sailors." Anderson took a deep breath. "We managed to kill those monsters, but with too few sailors and a streak of bad luck, we failed to reach this island before the storm arrived. As a result, our ship sank, taking our loot with it. The rest of my companions either drowned, were struck by lightning, or were eaten by underwater monsters. I didn't witness all of it myself.

"As for me, I was relatively stronger and luckier than them. I was sent flying by the waves and successfully swam to the shore of this island and began attempting to create a canoe to leave this area. Heh, as you can see, even my final axe has shattered. It was also reflected in the dream."

Anderson's final sentences were directed at Klein.

They really are a treasure-hunting group plagued with bad luck... Klein inwardly drew the crimson moon for him.

He believed that Anderson's account was likely true. His experience didn't seem fabricated out of thin air. However, it was impossible to know whether he was hiding something.

Perhaps Anderson had really ventured deep into the temple and eaten the corpses' fingers before emerging, believing that he was fine. Perhaps he had already explored numerous places in the dream world and been subtly corrupted by some unknown creature.

After Anderson Hood finished recounting his experience, he smiled at Cattleya and the man whose name he didn't know.

"Do I have the honor of being a passenger on your Future?

"I will pay for the fare."

He looked as if payment wasn't a problem at all.

Cattleya once again turned toward Klein, as though asking whether he would accept.

So you're leaning toward accepting his request? Aren't you going to conduct any tests? I have to go above the gray fog and perform a divination before I can give a clear answer. What gives you such confidence? A Beyonder power obtained when a Mystery Pryer reaches Sequence 5? Klein gleaned a great deal from Cattleya's gaze.

Just as he was hesitating, Anderson hurriedly said, "I'm very familiar with the route ahead!

"I can help you avoid the latent dangers on the safe sea route, and I can tell you which ruins aren't to be explored. I can also give you early notice to avoid the singing voices of the mermaids in time!"

"Singing voices of mermaids?" Klein's eyes nearly lit up as it took him a great deal of effort to maintain Gehrman Sparrow's image.

"Yes. A day's voyage from here--and I mean a day by the outside world's reckoning--we'll circle around a ruin and turn..." At that point, Anderson suddenly realized something. He closed his mouth with a smile and said nothing more.

Klein thought for a moment and took out a gold coin in front of Anderson as he silently chanted.

"Anderson Hood is problematic."

He repeated seven times and went through the standard process of divination, but he didn't hold any hopes for an answer.

It was a test on Anderson.

If Anderson really was problematic, he would definitely show signs of guilt. After all, he couldn't be certain of Gehrman Sparrow's divination abilities or whether he could successfully disrupt them.

Ding!

The gold coin was flung into the air before landing. Klein glanced at it before putting it into his pocket.

"No problem."

I'll later make a confirmation by going above the gray fog... Klein added inwardly.

Cattleya looked at Anderson and nodded.

"I agree to your request.

"However, after we leave these waters, you must hand over half of what you have. If you have nothing, I won't take anything either."

Anderson fell silent for a few seconds before smiling again.

"Deal!"

Having found a way out, he clearly relaxed as he smiled.

"Also, I have to warn you that although my bad luck is limited to me alone, you should be careful because I might attract monsters. Of course, I believe that with you, this gentleman, and myself, we should be able to guarantee our safety."

Just as he said that, the entire island quaked. A plume of smoke rose from the primitive forest.

"Don't tell me a monster is really coming..." Anderson's mouth subconsciously fell open.

Chapter 653: Black-faced, Black-hearted

The ground trembled slightly as a figure that was nearly three meters tall appeared at the boundary of the island's primitive forest.

Its grayish-white body appeared to be formed from boulders. Its face was pockmarked, without any discernible eyes, nose, mouth, or ears.

"Stone giant..." Cattleya muttered the monster's type.

Be it Klein or Anderson, both of them knew nothing about such monsters.

However, they didn't cast an inquisitive look at Cattleya. They focused on the monster, looking highly professional.

Cattleya turned her body to face the docked Future. She raised her right hand halfway and amplified her voice.

"Aim!"

The pirates on duty immediately adjusted dozens of cannons on the port side of the ship, aiming them directly at the lumbering Stone Giant.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Cannonballs flew out and landed around the Stone Giant, sending dust flying as the bombardment covered a huge area.

The ground visibly quaked as flames surged. Debris sprayed everywhere as though nothing could withstand the bombardment.

Tap! Tap! Tap!

The tall grayish-white figure tore out of the dust, having not suffered any serious damage. All it had were a few cracks on its surface.

Cattleya said without a perturbed expression, "This isn't a kind of giant, but a kind of stone golem.

"Its core is the main ingredient for Sequence 5 Guardian of the Warrior pathway. Therefore, its defenses are extremely strong."

Amidst the reverberating cannon fire, Klein nearly wondered whether there was something wrong with his hearing.

Since you know the stone giant has strong defenses, why bombard it with cannons? Isn't that a waste of cannonballs? he wondered as he lampooned inwardly.

Perhaps hearing his inner thoughts, Cattleya said as she watched the stone giant approach, "I've never encountered such a Beyonder creature before, so I wished to do some tests."

I have nothing to say against such a reason... Klein was rendered speechless.

At this moment, Anderson Hood, who had been observing the stone giant the entire time, raised his hand and said, "Do you have anyone who has Beyonder powers in the ice and frost domain?"

"Me," Cattleya coldly answered.

Seeing how Ma'am Hermit had the means, Klein swallowed back the words he nearly said out loud.

He really didn't wish to activate Creeping Hunger unless necessary, despite Zombie possessing the powers of ice and frost.

He believed that he couldn't find any suitable food on the island!

Cattleya took out a grayish-black scroll from a secret pocket in her warlock robe and softly chanted a single word in ancient Hermes, "Freezing!"

Silently, the scroll was consumed by icy-blue flames, and crystalline streams of light immediately appeared in midair.

They flew towards the stone giant and froze the target within as icicles hung from it.

Amidst jarring cracks, the layer of ice shattered as the stone giant slowly walked out of the frozen zone. However, its grayish-white exterior had darkened, and its movements were much stiffer than before.

At this moment, Anderson raised his hands like a conductor gesturing for the audience to applaud.

Orange-yellow flames which were almost white in color sprouted at the stone giant's feet as though it had stepped into a particular trap.

Its surface rapidly produced a bout of steam as cracks spread across its body in the form of deep fractures.

Anderson pulled back with his right arm as a burning-white spear condensed in his palm.

The flames at the tip of the spear condensed to a point as it emitted a blinding luster.

The spear flew out, accurately hitting the crack in the stone giant's belly as the flames melted a huge hole in it.

As for Anderson Hood, who was originally on the beach, he seemed to merge with the burning-white spear. The flames brightened as he strangely appeared behind the stone giant.

He clenched his left hand into a fist as his arm bulged. With an uppercut, he struck upward through the hole and into the stone giant's heart.

This simple-looking strike produced an astonishing effect. The stone giant immediately froze in place as cracks resounded continuously from within. In seconds, it crumbled into rubble.

A critical strike... Klein's pupils constricted.

Cattleya calmly stood on the spot and said without any surprise, "Sequence 5 of the Hunter pathway is Reaper.

"Furthermore, they are good at finding the weakness of their prey."

Reaper... A reaper of life? No wonder... Klein nodded slightly.

At this moment, Anderson crouched down and rummaged through the stone giant's carcass.

Then, he turned his head and smiled ruefully.

"It's not a real monster."

That meant that there weren't any spoils of war!

While Anderson described the situation, the rubble vanished at a discernible pace.

...For an unlucky fellow like you, don't be the one opening chests or looting corpses... Klein couldn't help but lampoon inwardly.

Anderson returned and kept droning on.

"The greatest problem of these waters is this. Not every monster will provide you with riches!"

This is because conjured monsters like this one are part of more powerful, higher-level monsters. Of course, it's possible that they're the result of residual powers and auras... Klein already had a preliminary theory about this.

During the voyage, he had discovered traces of Beyonder powers from the Sun, Evernight, Storm, and Spectator pathways. His previous theory had gradually become more fleshed-out.

He originally suspected that these waters were the remnants of a battlefield in a war between Second Epoch ancient gods. Storm belonged to Elf King Soniathrym; Spectator belonged to Dragon King Ankewelt; Evernight belonged to King of Demonic Wolves Flegrea. With Little Sun providing him with the legendary records from the City of Silver at each gathering, Klein had gained a preliminary understanding of the authorities of the eight ancient gods in the Second Epoch.

However, the perpetual midday and the Sun Chariot formed from gold had made Klein doubt his theory. This was because none of the eight ancient gods wielded the authority of the Sun pathway.

Soon, Klein connected it to Amon's and Adam's father, the City of Silver Creator who was deemed as the ancient sun god.

After this Creator awakened and fought a series of intense battles, he had taken back the ancient gods' authorities!

Hence, these ruins of the battle between gods were left behind? The incomplete mural he saw at the elven ruin suddenly surfaced in Klein's mind.

Elf King Soniathrym and the City of Silver's Creator, who was also the ancient sun god, were at odds!

As his thoughts wandered, Anderson had returned to his chuckling state. He looked at him and said, "How do I address you?"

"Gehrman Sparrow," Klein simply gave his name.

"Gehrman Sparrow?" Anderson was taken aback at first before recovering. "I've heard of you. You're the adventurer who nearly succeeded in hunting Vice Admiral Ailment. You hold the title of the craziest hunter! Last month, when the ship I was on passed the Rorsted Archipelago and Oravi Island, I thought of getting to know you over drinks, but no one knew your whereabouts."

Last month? I was doing volunteer work at the hospital... Klein nodded and said, "You know me now.

"Also, try your best not to say anything."

"..." Anderson forced a smile. "I know. My bad luck tends to make the negative things I say become reality. Alright, stop looking at me. I won't speak again. Put down that charm of yours."

Due to the appearance of the stone giant, the pirates' relaxation time was cut short. The Future quickly set off once again, venturing deep into the sea.

Along the way, Klein remained on deck, leaning against the side of the ship and observing his surroundings, while Anderson roamed about. He was skilled at socializing and interacting with the pirates.

Impressive. He easily learned the situation aboard the ship... Klein glanced at Anderson, who was drinking with a few pirates in the shadows, and sighed inwardly.

Of course, the Strongest Hunter probably doesn't know that the alcohol he's drinking has a sedative of unknown origins... Klein held back his laughter as he thought mischievously.

With Anderson's help, the Future circled around two hidden maelstroms and a floating palace ruin as it continued down the safe sea route.

About three hours later, night fell again.

Klein rapidly regained his lucidity and reason in the dream. He opened his eyes and looked around.

His vision was a swath of pitch-blackness with nothing to be seen.

...Don't tell me I'm blind... Such a thought instinctively appeared in Klein's mind. Then, he reached his right palm into his pocket and took out a matchstick.

This was a component that every Magician needed for his spells.

With familiarity, he took out a matchstick and ignited it. Immediately, a weak flame appeared in front of Klein's eyes.

The flame struggled as it bloomed, slightly illuminating his surroundings.

He was in a prison cell, one with an unlatched gate made up of metal railings!

Why would I be here? I'm neither beside Admiral of Stars nor in the mural hall where Anderson was... Am I randomly placed in a particular area? As his thoughts raced, Klein flicked his wrist and extinguished the matchstick that had nearly burned his fingers.

A resplendent layer of sunlight bloomed on his left hand, and two miniature suns appeared in his eyes.

With the soul of the Priest of Light, he obtained night vision from the Light of Holiness.

As he observed his surroundings, Klein saw that the cell he was in wasn't too cramped, but the floor was dirty and messy. There were many footprints, a mystery as to what previously happened.

Most of them are human footprints. A few are unusually large and likely belong to giants... The broken single bed lies in the corner, while there's a key beside the door... Did someone successfully break out? Klein approached the unlocked metal gate and carefully looked outside.

The prison was filled with darkness. The darkness enveloped a stone-paved corridor, and across from him was a cold but solid wall. The path extended continuously on both sides as though there were more prison cells.

Klein retracted his gaze, picked up the key from the ground, and locked the gate.

He didn't attempt to head out and continued staying in the cell.

He clearly remembered that Will Auceptin had advised him not to explore the dream world. Therefore, he planned on awaiting the arrival of noon!

So what if it's a prison cell? It's not like I'm leaving... Klein huddled in the corner, sitting on the halved single bed, seemingly blending with the rich darkness around him.

In this extreme silence, Klein suddenly cocked his head since he vaguely heard light footsteps!

The ethereal footsteps came from afar, approaching him at a slow, measured pace.

Chapter 654: Prisoner and Guard

No way. I haven't gone anywhere... Has trouble's long arm reached out to find me on its own? Klein grimaced in a way that didn't match Gehrman Sparrow's persona. He nearly gasped.

The only thing stopping him was that it would cause a commotion and reveal his hiding place to "trouble"!

No longer an inexperienced Nighthawk, he quickly made up his mind. Holding his breath, he slowly stood and moved soundlessly to the side of the metal gate, where he peered in the direction of the approaching footsteps.

He believed that, since hiding and evasion wouldn't necessarily work, he had to assess the danger before he could make the best choice!

The two miniature suns in his eyes dimmed. Klein waited for nearly a minute as the footsteps grew heavier and clearer. Then he heard the clang of a metal gate slamming into the wall.

Following that, he saw a towering figure appear on the right of the corridor.

The figure was nearly 2.5 meters tall and wore black, full-body armor. The chill it exuded seemed corporeal, befitting a gigantic knight.

His aura was restrained, and he was as still as the deep sea. Two deep-red lights flickered where his eyes should have been. In his hand was a long, broad black sword.

Creak!

He pushed open the metal gate to a cell and stepped in. He circled the cell, seemingly in search of something.

Man... Is he trying to find a particular prisoner? I'll definitely be discovered if this continues... Klein hesitated for a moment and wondered whether he should leave the cell and search for a way out before the figure drew near, or launch a sneak attack and finish the target off in one clean strike before returning to a corner to await the end of the dream.

After judging how much time he had left to think, Klein quickly took off the topaz pendant on his left wrist and began divining with a voice that perhaps only he could hear.

"That knight from before is very strong."

After quickly repeating it seven times, Klein opened his eyes to see the topaz pendant turning clockwise at high speed with a large amplitude.

This meant that the target was an extremely dangerous existence!

Without hesitation, Klein used a Clown's Beyonder powers to control his muscles and pull open the metal gate without making any additional noise.

Then, while the black-armored entity entered another cell, he slipped into the corridor and hurried left in a crouch.

In the immense darkness, as he listened for any commotion behind him, he maintained his stealthy and swift motions, quickly making a bend and arriving at a metal gate which opened outwards. It looked like an exit.

Trying both ways, Klein discovered that the metal gate wasn't heavy, but it was locked.

After two seconds of thought, he took out the key he picked up inside his cell, inserted it, and twisted it without holding out much hope.

The latch clicked softly as the metal gate unlocked.

That works? Even though it's a dream, a random key lying around can't just turn out to be an important item... I originally planned to fold some paper, insert it into the keyhole, and slice at the mechanism bit by bit... Klein slowly pushed open the door, lampooning inwardly in puzzlement.

To his disappointment, beyond the metal gate was not the exit but a hall filled with junk.

He closed and locked the gate behind him, then moved around the items strewn about in search of another door or path.

A few seconds later, he noticed an inconspicuous black wooden door in a corner. He carefully approached it and reached for the handle.

The scene inside naturally appeared in his mind. It was a storage room, and on the right was a full-body mirror. And to its right was a figure wearing a short linen robe.

There's someone there? The escaped prisoner? Having been forced to leave his comfort zone, Klein decided to take hold of the initiative in a limited fashion. Therefore, he gently twisted the handle and pushed open the black wooden door.

He wanted to gather information about the general situation so he could decide whether to fight or flee at the critical moment.

"Who is it?" the figure wearing a short linen robe hurriedly but softly asked. Its voice was filled with despair and pain.

"An adventurer," Klein succinctly answered.

He had already used his night vision to discern the figure's looks.

It was a man with a weathered face. He had wrinkles on his forehead and the corners of his eyes and mouth, but his hair was raven-black and lustrous. There wasn't a single strand of gray hair.

His short linen robe was ancient and simple. His expression was distorted due to the pain. His rarely seen pure black eyes were filled with unconcealed surprise and puzzlement.

"Adventurer?

"Why would you be here?"

Klein kept his distance from the man, whose age was difficult to discern. He stood by the entrance and looked at him.

"Before asking others, introducing yourself is a necessary form of politeness."

As a Faceless, his brief scrutiny had already allowed him to memorize the man's features. Besides the incongruous hair and wrinkles, the man had an old, gruesome scar on his cheek.

The man was startled as he worriedly glanced at the hall.

"It's best you close the door. We cannot be caught by that devil; otherwise..."

The muscles on his face clearly twitched as though he had recalled something nasty.

"Devil?" Klein murmured and extended his hand back to close the black wooden door.

The man heaved a sigh of relief and smiled wryly.

"I apologize. I was indeed impolite.

"My name is Leomaster, an ascetic of a religious organization."

"A religious organization? From the looks of it, you aren't a devotee of any of the seven deities." Klein discovered a problem with his choice of words.

If he were an ascetic of one of the seven deities, he could've said so directly. Even a high priest of the Church of the Eternal Blazing Sun and bishops of the Church of Storms wouldn't come to blows the moment they met in such a dangerous place.

Leomaster said with a self-deprecating laugh, "That's right. I worship the original Creator. 'He' is an omnipotent and omniscient existence, the source of everything great. 'He' is the Beginning and the End. 'He' is the god of all gods!"

This... Upon hearing how this person revered the original Creator, Klein's first reaction was that it was the Twilight Hermit Order.

However, there are also some smaller denominations on the Northern and Southern Continents. Quite a number of people believe in the original Creator... Klein deliberated before asking, "What's the name of that religious organization?

"How did you end up here?"

Leomaster hesitated for a moment before saying, "My Lord sleeps far to the east of the Sonia Sea. 'His' sacred mountain is hidden somewhere there. I led a pilgrimage here in an attempt to witness 'His' miracles and redeem myself.

"Perhaps it was a necessary test. We were caught by that devil, and one by one, we died...

"Later, I seized the opportunity to escape the cell and hid here, awaiting the devil's departure."

Klein thought for a moment before saying, "Do you know the name of that devil? What characteristics does he have?"

"He?" Leomaster shook his head, saying in a somewhat puzzled manner. "I do not know his exact name, but many pilgrims seem to know him. They call him the Saint of Darkness."

Saint of Darkness? A demigod? Is this Leomaster's dream, or is it the demigod's dream? From the outcome of my divination, it's likely the latter. Otherwise, it wouldn't be that dangerous... Klein was about to continue asking which organization Leomaster was from and determine the Beyonder powers of the Saint of Darkness when he suddenly noticed the full-body mirror opposite the ascetic through the corner of his eye.

In mysticism, mirrors were passages connecting hidden and unknown worlds. They could easily cause terrifying accidents; therefore, Klein, who was in a dangerous dream, carefully approached and prepared to destroy the item using a Priest of Light's powers.

"No, don't!" Leomaster seemed to sense Klein's intention as he cried out softly in horror. "Without it, I-I will immediately die!"

Ah? Klein looked at the mirror again in puzzlement.

Although the room was abnormally dark, the mirror clearly reflected two figures. One was Leomaster, with his many wrinkles and raven-black hair. The other was the thin-faced, black-haired, brown-eyed Gehrman Sparrow, wearing a cap.

At that moment, the Gehrman Sparrow in the mirror slowly moved his head even though Klein remained still. He gave Klein a deep, sinister smile!

The mirror's surface suddenly rippled as a hand reached out.

In the blink of an eye, the Gehrman Sparrow who looked identical to him crawled out of the mirror. The darkness cloaking his face lent it an unmistakably sinister cast!

How terrifying... Unfortunately, I don't look like Gehrman Sparrow, so you failed to scare me... If Zhou Mingrui had come out of the mirror, I might've woken up in fright... Klein calmly looked at his counterpart and raised his left hand, which swirled with a layer of sunlight.

The sinister Gehrman Sparrow smiled as he raised his left hand as well, making a darkness that was made up of magnificence and sinisterness surface on his glove.

This corresponded to the powers of a Baron of Corruption!

My clone? Klein thought as he raised his right hand expressionlessly.

From out of nowhere, he held a short milky-white scepter in his palm, and at its tip were embedded blue "gems."

Sea God Scepter!

Although his actions in a dream needed to abide by logic in order to achieve the desired effects, Klein suspected that the illusory world was unable to influence the mysterious space or the gray fog. Therefore, he attempted to simplify the ritualistic process and told himself that the Sea God Scepter was stored in a similar unique zone in the spirit world. He could retrieve it whenever he wanted.

The outcome of his attempt delighted Klein. Indeed, the dream world was unable to differentiate between a unique zone in the spirit world and the space above the gray fog. Since the Sea God Scepter belonged to him, this demigod-level Sealed Artifact had been "retrieved!"

It really works... Otherwise, I'd have to engage in an intense battle... Klein secretly heaved a sigh of relief.

He similarly believed that the mirror was unable to replicate matters related to the gray fog.

The sinister Gehrman Sparrow stared at him in a daze. He instinctively raised his hand, but his right palm was empty.

Then, he saw countless bolts of silver lightning shoot out, enveloping him inside, causing him to expend one Paper Figurine Substitute after another without being able to escape from the area.

With a sizzling sound, a huge ball of lightning illuminated the cramped room, which left no space to dodge. Then the Gehrman Sparrow from the mirror vanished.

For some reason, Klein felt himself immediately turn serene, as though he had become a sage.

He turned his head and looked at Leomaster again.

"What's the name of the religious organization you joined?"

Leomaster trembled as he answered, "Aurora Order..."

Aurora Order? Klein was stunned and couldn't help but raise his eyebrows.

At this moment, there was a loud clanking outside. The locked gates that opened outwards had seemed to have been kicked open.

Thump! Thump! Thump!

The heavy, drumlike footsteps approached the corner, as though their source had discovered where Klein and Leomaster were hiding.

Klein suspected that the Lightning Storm from before had been sensed by the Saint of Darkness!

There's no way to hide... Holding the Sea God Scepter, Klein kicked the storage room's black wooden door open at the Saint of Darkness!

As the door tumbled, he clearly saw his target's appearance.

At some point, the knight in black full-body armor had raised his visor, revealing his deeply wrinkled face, lustrous raven-black hair, and the old scar on his cheek.

He looked identical to Leomaster. Even the minute features were identical!

The only difference was the deep redness that emitted from his eyes.

Chapter 655: Dream Analysis

Klein was alarmed. He instinctively turned his body to the side without exposing his back to Leomaster, who was trembling in horror in the storage room.

He couldn't be certain that the prisoner wearing a short linen robe wasn't problematic!

At that moment, the deep-red light in the eyes of the black-armored knight who shared Leomaster's face brightened drastically. He raised the gloomy broadsword in his hands.

Bam!

Stepping forward, he brought the sword down at a speed Klein's naked eyes couldn't follow.

At the same time, Klein, who stood to his side, subconsciously raised the Sea God Scepter, making all the blue gems at its tip light up simultaneously.

Whoosh!

A corporeal hurricane appeared out of thin air as it swirled around Klein, protecting him within the eye of the hurricane.

Whoosh! The black streams of light carved their way through, dissipating layer after layer of strong wind and scattering it in every direction, causing the entire hall to tremble.

Boom!

Under the black broadsword, the hurricane produced an explosive boom and was reduced to a surging wave that flooded the entire region. It lifted up all the junk into the air.

The intense collision clearly shook the dream as Klein felt his mind go adrift. He couldn't help but roll twice.

Plop!

He fell from his bed to the floor, the fall causing him to open his eyes.

That Saint of Darkness is really powerful... Or should I say that I've never used the Sea God Scepter in the real world, so I'm unable to replicate its full might in the dream... Wait! It's still night! Klein suddenly noticed a problem.

At that moment, the midday sunlight wasn't beaming in from the windows!

His awakening was due to the intense struggle in the dream, not due to a natural occurrence!

That also meant that he needed to sleep immediately; otherwise, he might very well disappear in the dark night, never to be found again!

With that thought flashing through his mind, Klein pushed his right hand against the floor, flipped to his feet, and lunged toward his bed before lying down.

Then, he imagined the stacked spherical lights and quickly entered his dream.

During this process, Klein swept his gaze to the window and vaguely saw the dark night outside. It was quiet and serene without any sense of sinisterness.

Meanwhile, he vaguely sensed fog enveloping the surface of the sea in the distance. Amidst it stood a cathedral built in an archaic architectural style. It was completely black, without a bell tower, and pitch-black ravens circled above it as though consecrating or lamenting something.

Many buildings surrounded the cathedral. There were ordinary two-story residences and simple wooden huts, bread shops with hanging signboards, and grayish-white mills powered by waterwheels... Pedestrians passed through the main streets and alleys, their figures flitting about and their actual circumstances impossible to discern.

A mirage? The source of the danger at night? Did all the people who disappeared lose their minds and go somewhere? Klein became lucid in the dream as he subconsciously pondered the questions he had accumulated.

Following that, he forcefully made himself concentrate. He retrieved the Sea God Scepter from the "spirit world's unique zone!"

He remembered that he had been locked in an intense battle with the Saint of Darkness just before he left the dream!

The slightly dim golden light shone into Klein's eyes as everything immediately turned bright.

He could no longer see the tall knight dressed in black full-body armor or Leomaster in his short linen robe. Instead, he faced a floor-to-ceiling window overlooking the setting sun.

The window was very clean and revealed an indescribable sense of purity under the sun's illumination.

By the side of the window were tables with their original wooden colors and black high-back chairs. Further away were rows of bookshelves with all kinds of books placed on them.

A library? A book repository? Am I placed in a random area every time I enter this dream world? Klein carefully observed his surroundings and confirmed that it was temporarily safe, with no sign of the so-called Saint of Darkness or any strange evil creatures.

He held the Sea God Scepter and first came to the floor-to-ceiling window and looked at the environment outside.

The first thing he saw was the opulent complex covering the opposite mountain peak. Huge palaces, magnificent steeples, and towering city walls appeared frozen in the sunset. It was a breathtaking spectacle.

Even though it wasn't his first time seeing it, Klein still held his breath, quietly admiring this miraculous scenery for a few seconds.

He then shifted his gaze toward the cliff. He saw the high walls of the black cloister and the withered trees beside the boulders, but obstructions made it impossible to confirm whether Cattleya remained in her original spot.

Indeed, within a certain radius, it's not possible to leave this region... I'm deep inside the black cloister? Klein retracted his gaze in thought as he walked to the bookshelves.

He temporarily didn't have the time to consider what happened between the Saint of Darkness and Leomaster in his previous dream. This was because he needed to determine his current situation.

When he reached the bookshelves, Klein discovered that the books had distinct titles. They weren't blurry and indistinct as they would be in ordinary dreams.

The Spirituality of Life, Book of Charms, The Flower Within the Heart, The True Cosmos and Inner Universe... These are all books on mysticism... Klein carefully reached out and took out the Book of Charms.

He quickly flipped through it and realized that he knew most of the content, but a small portion was entirely unfamiliar to him.

This confirms that it isn't from my dream... Is it Ma'am Hermit's? Has the knowledge that pursues her and is forcibly instilled in her been conjured inside this black cloister? Klein had no desire to explore beyond his current location. Holding the Book of Charms, he returned to the floor-to-ceiling window, found a place to sit, and began reading intently by the sunset's glow.

You can even study in dreams! As he lampooned inwardly, he took out a pen and paper and began writing and sketching.

While he was engrossed in this, the light suddenly bloomed as blinding whiteness blanketed his vision.

Klein naturally opened his eyes and felt warmth from the sunlight that shone inwards.

I only read a few pages. I planned to speed-read it before using dream divination to recall them... Klein sat up, frustrated. He felt that he had lost a valuable opportunity to study because he couldn't know whether he would ever be randomly placed in the black cloister's library again.

He straightened his hair, wore his cap, and went to the deck. As he observed his surroundings, he recalled the dream.

That prison is likely inside the black cloister as well. Yes, it might be underground. In other words, the Saint of Darkness and Leomaster are in a ruin nearby.

It's no wonder that Will Auceptin told me not to attempt exploring the dream. These places are really filled with danger!

Why would the Saint of Darkness and Leomaster look identical? That dream was a little strange. Also, that full-body mirror was very magical and sinister. It actually managed to clone a Gehrman Sparrow...

Upon recalling this, Klein began searching his past experiences for examples with which to verify his reasoning.

This was called relying on experience.

Soon, he thought of something. He had once borrowed the Mental Terror Candle in Backlund and helped Father Utravsky eliminate the "past him." A character that was dissociated from his original self!

Could it be that Leomaster is the Saint of Darkness from the Aurora Order?

For some reason, had his personality split, separating his good and evil sides? Was that sealed, dark prison a reflection of his inner dream?

Yes, that full-body mirror! Leomaster had said that if it were destroyed, he would vanish as well. When I looked into the mirror, the Gehrman Sparrow inside it did form a corporeal body. It was evil!

It's no wonder I felt like a sage after I eliminated the Gehrman Sparrow in the mirror. It's because I got rid of my evil and sinister thoughts in my mind...

Yes, that full-body mirror must also take the form of a mirror in the real world... These waters clearly contain remnants of a Visionary's power. It conjures many monsters, both illusory and real, that can kill... And this belongs to the Spectator pathway; therefore, the ability to split good from evil and create dissociated personalities does make sense...

Heh heh, Saint of Darkness Leomaster is a high-ranking member of the Aurora Order. He must have originally been very evil, but that ruin or item brought out his opposite side--the goodness hidden deep in his heart. It split his personality, leaving him trapped somewhere nearby. Klein felt that he had roughly grasped the truth of the matter and experienced a twinge of regret.

Unfortunately, I'm unable to enter the same place a second time. Otherwise, with the Sea God Scepter and Leomaster's good side, there would be a high chance of defeating his evil side, the Saint of Darkness. And the damage dealt in the dream world would persist in the real world...

In that case, a good saint who understands the Aurora Order would be born. It would become much easier to strike at this cultist organization... Klein sighed silently, turned halfway around, and watched Anderson Hood walk out of the cabin.

"Where did you go in the dream? I couldn't find you," the Strongest Hunter asked as though they were old friends.

Klein secretly frowned as he asked, "Why should I be seen by you?"

Anderson was taken aback.

"Shouldn't you return to the spot where you left the dream upon returning there again?"

...There are other elements involved in my random appearance in other spots within a particular radius? Something to do with my uniqueness? Klein realized that the problem was more complex than he had imagined.

He said with some deliberation, "I went elsewhere after entering the dream."

"Strange..." Anderson frowned as though he was very puzzled.

Without waiting for Klein to speak, he paused to think before continuing, "There was another strange incident."

"What?" Klein asked cooperatively.

Anderson surveyed his surroundings.

"Back when I was pretending to make a canoe in the hall, I heard a door open and footsteps emerge from deep inside. But when I looked up, I found nothing.

"I originally thought that it was someone from the ship, but later it didn't seem like the case."

Chapter 656: Crazy Mutations

Someone opened a door deep in the hall of murals and came out? A Rampager or Beyonder creature who was nearby? Furthermore, it possesses the ability to act in dreams? After hearing Anderson Hood's description, Klein began making logical speculations.

As his thoughts whirled, he suddenly had a new idea.

Could it be the owner of the mysterious eyes that observed me and the deck?

It's possible! If that mysterious person has been lurking on the ship all along and followed us into these waters, then he'd have to sleep when night falls, so he would appear in the dream world... Is Ma'am Hermit completely unaware of his existence, or has she tacitly approved of his actions? Or is he a trump card she wields, explaining why she isn't afraid of the dangers in these waters while carrying out my mission? No, that cannot be determined. At the very least, I can't conclude that the person who opened the door deep inside the hall of murals is the mysterious person on the ship... Klein looked at Anderson with a deep, gloomy gaze before asking, "Why does it seem unlikely?"

Back when Anderson Hood mentioned it, he originally suspected that the person who opened the door was a member of the Future, but he later felt that it was unlikely.

Anderson chuckled.

"I visited every person on the ship in the dream, and I discovered that no one possesses the ability to act freely in that world except you."

"Unfortunately, I was pushing open a door outside back then," Klein said calmly.

Anderson shrugged and said, "I know; that's why I'm not suspecting you. These waters have dangers lurking everywhere. All sorts of unimaginable monsters are active here. Perhaps the person opening the door from before was the stone giant from earlier or a rotting dragon who dreamed of countless treasures."

Upon saying this, he leaned against the side of the ship and looked at the sea which was bathing in golden sunlight as he smiled wistfully.

"I've noticed that ever since I survived the shipwreck caused by the storm, my bad luck has been decreasing bit by bit. Haha, it's obviously not permanent and won't last forever.

"Look, I successfully swam onto the island, and although I kept meeting with all kinds of bad luck, I managed to last until you arrived.

"Yes, I do attract monsters and did make that stone giant appear, but didn't we resolve it easily?

"Also, nothing happened despite me being on board for several hours. Doesn't that explain..."

Before Anderson could finish his statement, Klein coldly cut him off.

"Shut up!"

Doesn't this guy know to keep his words to a minimum when faced with such a grim expression? I really want to beat him up! If the divination above the gray fog hadn't shown that you haven't mutated or been possessed by some big shot, I would've already sunk you to the bottom of the sea. Yes... Sequence 8 of the Hunter pathway is Provoker. He must've digested the potion easily back then... Deep down, Klein felt that Anderson's skill at provocation far surpassed Danitz's.

Unperturbed, Anderson raised his arms and said with a rueful smile, "Fine, fine. I'll shut up."

Seeing that Anderson had no more clues about the individual who opened the door in the dream world, Klein remained silent for a few seconds before abruptly turning around and walking into the cabin.

He had realized that he had overlooked something important!

Since Anderson, who's plagued with bad luck, was on the ship, that meant that the chances of them experiencing an incident would only increase exponentially. Therefore, he needed to make some preparations!

After returning to his room, Klein walked to the bathroom and picked up Azik's copper whistle and Will Auceptin's paper crane. After setting up the ritual to summon himself, he brought Tinder, the Sun Brooch, and the Nightmare Beyonder characteristic from above the gray fog into the real world.

He didn't immediately switch out his equipped inventory, but he did place them inside his suitcase and beside the Biological Poison Bottle.

This way, even if danger suddenly struck, he would have a chance to adjust his "inventory" and choose according to the danger he faced.

After doing all of this, Klein felt significantly relaxed. He put away the other items and left the room for the deck, afraid that he would miss any signs of mermaids.

Just as he walked out of the cabin, he saw Frank Lee crouched in a corner, looking shocked and dazed.

"What happened?" Klein felt his heart skip a beat.

He was afraid that something had gone wrong with the crazy cross-breeder's experiments, causing everyone on the Future to be embroiled in a terrifying biological disaster.

Frank shook his head in a daze.

"Didn't I mention those little things before?

"They actually need to sleep for some time before they can grow and reproduce. In the end..."

"What happened in the end?" Klein's expression turned solemn.

This caught the attention of the Strongest Hunter Anderson, who had been bragging to the surrounding pirates about how many pirates he had hunted without noticing the change in their eyes. He stopped his tale and came over curiously.

The crouching Frank looked up and said, "They just completed a large-scale reproductive cycle and even mutated.

"Th-this is a miracle!"

"And? Where have they gone? Are they still in your laboratory?" Klein instinctively felt that this wasn't something good.

Frank took two seconds to consider the question before rolling up his sleeve to reveal his hairy arm.

He pounded the deck in front of him and revealed a smile.

"They have drilled inside and have seemingly reconstructed the Future..."

Amidst the dull pounding, something that seemed like milk spewed out like a fountain from the deck, spraying Frank Lee in the face.

He licked the liquid from his lips and exclaimed in delight, "The Future... The Future has produced milk!"

At the same time, the pirates by the side of the ship pointed down at the cannons in horror.

"The cannons are spewing milk!"

This... This isn't scientific... Klein nearly couldn't control the twitching of his facial muscles.

Ever since he boarded the Future and the ship entered the ravine and began its descent, he had felt that many of the events were extremely unscientific. They even exceeded the bounds of his knowledge of mysticism.

Anderson stared agape, nearly forgetting to ask what had happened. He habitually stomped his foot and successfully caused another fountain of milk to spurt out.

One thought after another flashed past Klein's mind as he acutely figured out a problem.

He immediately looked at Frank Lee and asked in a deep voice, "Now that your little things have infected the Future, will they go on to infect people?"

While asking, Klein's right palm reached into his pocket. According to the situation, he selected the Floating Charm and prepared to fly into the air in order to escape the infection.

Frank Lee thought seriously for a moment.

"In theory, yes..."

Before he finished his sentence, a figure appeared and kicked him in the ass, sending him tumbling a few times, slamming into pools of milk.

That person was none other than Nina, clad in a linen shirt with a blue jacket draped over it.

She glared furiously at Frank Lee on the deck and cursed between heaving breaths. "Aren't you going to finish off those damned little things of yours!?

"Did you do this while thinking that my breasts aren't big enough?"

"A-alright," Frank Lee patted his ass and said unwillingly.

At this moment, Klein had already taken out his charm and softly chanted, "Storm!"

He believed that he had underestimated Frank Lee's ability to cause trouble and suspected that the disaster brought about by him would only worsen; therefore, he decided to first fly into the air.

Blue flames enveloped the tin charm as squalls immediately stirred. They swirled around Klein's feet and body, lifting him four to five meters above the deck.

Anderson was taken aback and reached out in an attempt to grab Klein, but he was a moment too late. All he could do was remain where he was and watch Gehrman Sparrow rise.

The ordinarily handsome hunter shook his head, his expression twisted between amusement and a desire to dismember the Future's first mate.

At this moment, Frank had already taken out a bottle of dark green powder. He grabbed a handful and scattered it around him while chanting in Jotun.

The moment the powder made contact with the deck, it immediately produced green vines that grew wildly. Soon, it drew out the milk and the "little things," entangling the entire deck and cabin within.

In barely ten seconds, the Future had been transformed into a forest of vines.

"Phew, it's over." Frank smiled at Nina before his expression changed again. "Th-they've mutated!"

At this moment, a pirate walked over in a stagger, shouting with a tinge of horror, "A... A watermelon is growing from my head!"

Klein looked toward the voice and saw a green vine growing out of the pirate's head. One tendril bore a soon-to-ripen watermelon.

"This is the so-called mutation? This is way too crazy--goddamn madness!" Anderson exclaimed.

His eyes then darted around as he said in a deep voice, "There's something wrong with the surrounding waters!"

In midair, Klein had also determined the same thing.

Without external interference, Frank Lee's experimental products and Beyonder powers wouldn't have mutated simultaneously!

Rip!

One vine after another tore apart as the window to the captain's cabin opened.

Cattleya appeared there and shouted in an amplified voice with witchcraft, "Frank, stop all experiments.

"There is a residual aura of Earth Mother here."

Earth Mother? Klein looked in surprise at Ma'am Hermit, and he felt that his theories about these waters being the battlefield of the gods had been completely overturned!

"Oh my, Merciful Mother!" Frank crossed his arms and made a pose like he was hugging a baby.

Following that, he sprawled on the floor as he devoutly kissed the vines.

Cattleya silently watched this scene as resplendent stars instantly swirled around her. Following that, she made the entire Future light up.

With a flick of her finger, she made a colorless flame land on the vine outside the window of the captain's cabin.

The vines were immediately ignited as they silently turned to ashes.

The colorless flames silently spread and wreaked havoc without harming a single sailor. The light radiating from the Future helped it withstand the fire.

Before long, the forest of vines vanished completely, leaving only the pirate with a watermelon growing from his head. The vine connected to it had, of course, been burned away.

"Phew, th-this is no different from a devil's descent!" The pirate took two steps forward and carried the watermelon which had grown out from his head.

"Don't open it!" Just as Cattleya's warning reverberated, the pirate had opened the watermelon with brute force, partially to vent his anger and partially to satisfy his curiosity.

The watermelon split in two, revealing a milky-white "brain" covered in grooves. A blood-like liquid flowed around it.

With a thud, the pirate died instantly, before anyone had a chance to save him. The Beyonder characteristics within him condensed with extraordinary speed.

How sinister and crazy... Klein sighed silently and prepared to land back onto the deck.

At that moment, he saw a gigantic palm suddenly reach out from the surface of the sea, smacking the side of the Future.

The five fingers of the palm were long, each almost half a meter long. The entire thing was a grayish-black color like an arid desert!

Klein silently drew out a gasp as he couldn't help but look at Anderson Hood.

This fellow had just said that nothing had happened since he came on board!

Chapter 657: Terrifying Vitality

The grayish-black hand grabbed the side of the ship and quickly hoisted it up, revealing the submerged parts, inch by inch.

Through the blue water, Klein saw a huge grayish-black shadow. Then squirming flesh filled his entire field of vision.

The monster seemed to be an amalgamation of countless blackened or graying corpses. Its two gigantic palms were attached to withered arms resembling dry timber, and the arms extended from what appeared to be a giant's corpse. The giant's single eye was tightly shut, and several heads were fused to its neck. Below them were incomplete scaly fish, lizard bodies, and twisted human corpses. Layer upon layer, they formed a mass of flesh resembling a floating island.

Yellowish-green gas seeped from the gaps between the different corpses and spread outward as though to envelop the entire area.

Cough! Cough! Cough! Cough!

Just the smell of it had made many sailors on deck cough violently. It was so bad that they couldn't even straighten their backs.

Upon seeing this, Frank Lee didn't hesitate to take materials from a hidden pouch on his belt. He was about to activate the corresponding Beyonder powers when, to his surprise, Cattleya's voice rang in his ears.

"Frank, stop!

"Help Nina command the sailors to get them to adjust the sails!"

"Why?" Frank Lee subconsciously asked in return.

"In this area, the supernatural matters within the authority of Earth Mother will mutate, including your powers." As Cattleya spoke, she extended both her palms forward and pressed down on a particular spot on her desk.

The symbols and the magical labels on the Future immediately became more pronounced as they lit up one after another, converting the entire ship into a resplendent sea of stars. They seemed to correspond to each and every point of starlight that swirled around Cattleya's body.

The spreading yellowish-green gas was kept at bay as Klein floated from the nearest wall toward his room's window.

The coughing pirates felt some relief. Led by Boatswain Nina and First Mate Frank, they followed Ottolov's instructions, quickly adjusting the sails and trying to steer the Future out of the nearby waters and beyond the mutating influence.

However, the grayish-black colossal monster had held back the front of the ship, and the body beneath the water had connected to unknown parts of the ship in order to hold the Future, preventing it from advancing forward.

At the same time, formless mountains seemed to rise around them, blocking the sea winds from afar and preventing the Future from harnessing their strength no matter how its sails were adjusted.

This calls for a backup steam engine system. Unfortunately, the Future doesn't have one...

Yes... It can still fly with the help of the starlight, but that seems to be extremely draining on Ma'am Hermit. Besides, it will be difficult to grasp the direction and distance it will bring us. To make such a flight in such waters, there's a high chance of entering a more dangerous zone without being blessed with good luck. Heh, there's still the extremely unlucky Anderson on board... Klein floated by the window in his room as he took in the situation.

He wasn't nervous, as neither Admiral of Stars Cattleya nor the Strongest Hunter Anderson had showcased their true strength.

Of course, that includes me as well... Klein added inwardly.

He planned on first returning to his room and wearing Tinder. Without any "food" around, using such a mystical item was more suitable than Creeping Hunger. The latter was to be reserved for him when facing more dangerous and complicated situations before throwing it above the gray fog for it to cool down.

As for the negative effect of losing items on his person, Klein already had a plan. When changing his inventory, he would put his wallet, Azik's copper whistle, the adventurer's harmonica, and other items into his suitcase, leaving only Creeping Hunger, Murloc Cufflink, and the charms from the Sea God domain. He would keep a close watch on the latter two to prevent them from being lost.

And from a probability standpoint, the most likely item to be lost by Tinder would be the charms since they were the greatest in number.

Klein wasn't worried about this. He had created charms with different effects. They were highly disposable!

Besides, the metal corresponding to the Storm domain is tin. It's cheap and practically worthless. The Beyonder effects are bestowed by the Sea God Scepter, so I don't have to spend any additional money... As Klein mused, he reached out to push open his room's window.

At this moment, the colossal grayish-black monster, which was a combination of flesh, climbed higher again. With its approach, the busy sailors had their hair grow wildly, to the point of exceeding their waists.

This wasn't the most terrifying outcome. More horrifying was that the masses of flaxen hair seemed to have lives of their own. They intertwined and bound their owners.

As the hair began to produce similar changes, the lustrous sea of stars on the surface of the Future could no longer hold back this influence.

The pirates who had shaved themselves bald fared no better. Their nose hair grew at a visible rate, blocking their nasal passages.

By the window of the captain's cabin, Cattleya had raised her arms at some point in time. In her hand was a scroll made of smooth fish skin.

"Numb!"

As the incantation in ancient Hermes resounded while the scroll burned in silence, a light green luster shot out from within, striking the monster's gigantic palm that appeared by the side of the ship.

The squirming flesh formed from countless corpses didn't pause at all. It slammed down on the lustrous sea of stars, sending sparks flying while the ship trembled.

The dark-purple color in the depths of Cattleya's eyes deepened. Instead of taking out a new scroll, she thrust her right palm forward.

"Imprison!"

As the mysterious incantation left the pirate admiral's mouth, the resplendent starlight swirling around her flew outward and descended upon the terrifying monster.

The starlight instantly converged into a gigantic, transparent piece of amber. It enclosed all the squirming flesh and bound it in place.

At this moment, a pitch-black, lusterless short sword appeared in the Strongest Hunter Anderson's right hand. Layers of diabolical patterns covered its surface, but they were only illusory.

Seizing the opportunity of having the terrifying monster trapped in the starlight cage, Anderson's body produced a layer of blinding white flames.

The flames flew forward, leaped out of the ship, and landed on the grayish-black flesh which was formed from countless corpses.

The blinding white light then flowed rapidly across the monster's surface as if painting an extravagant work of art.

With a boom, the flames surged into the sky as Anderson jumped back onto the deck with his pitch-black sword.

The colossal monster remained frozen in place, as though it had lost all its vitality.

Crack! Crack! Crack! Deep wounds appeared across its surface, and it shattered into countless pieces of flesh in a single second.

A Reaper's offensive strength is truly exaggerated... Klein, who had redone his inventory, returned to the side of the window to see this scene.

Suddenly, he frowned indiscernibly.

At that moment, something unexpected happened. The fractured pieces of flesh spread their "limbs" and shot toward the deck in a barrage.

This colossal monster seemed impossible to kill. No matter how many pieces it was divided into, the number of pieces simply determined the number of monsters!

Silently, a piece of grayish-black flesh nearest the captain's cabin sprang from the deck and shot straight toward Admiral of Stars, seeking to wrap around her head.

A figure surfaced from the darkness and shielded Cattleya. It was none other than Bloodless Heath Doyle.

He opened his mouth, and it split all the way from his nose to his chest, forming a squirming vortex of flesh and blood.

The vortex sucked at the grayish-black flesh and rapidly swirled inward, pulling it inside.

Heath Doyle landed on the deck like a shadow. After wavering a little, he finally recovered. As for the grayish-black flesh that had splintered off from the monster, it had completely disappeared.

The most terrifying part of the monster is its ridiculous vitality. If only this trait could be stolen... Having used another Floating Charm, Klein floated out the window. He extended his black-gloved right hand and spread his fingers.

The scene before him changed as a result. Blobs of different, gorgeous colors replaced the corresponding people and items.

These colors kept changing and rapidly twinkling, making it difficult for anyone to grasp the rules they followed.

With the help of this vision, Klein discovered that the grayish-black flesh shared the same luster. Although splintered, it was actually a single entity.

Calmly, he clenched his right fist, grabbed a blob of the light, and turned his wrist to the right.

Suddenly, Klein saw the yellowish-green luster being drawn away, fusing into his right palm.

This was the corresponding trait of the Fog of Poison.

He had stolen the grayish-black monster's Fog of Poison!

This was Tinder's effect!

At the same time, Klein discovered that his Damage Transfer Beyonder power was lost. He no longer had it!

I can only steal from the same target once every twelve hours... With a dawning realization, Klein looked at the besieged Future. The yellowish-green fog corroding the resplendent sea of stars rapidly thinned until it was barely visible. The grayish-black flesh scattered everywhere also showed signs of desiccation and darkening.

With that, the pirates found a chance to catch their breath. As for Cattleya, she wore a golden brooch on the front of her classic robe.

The brooch seemed to be made of gold, and it was shaped like a bird with a long feather tail.

The surrounding atmosphere suddenly turned still and serene. All the chaos and anxiety inexplicably vanished. Even Klein sensed the indescribable influence and felt as though he had become an emotionless zombie.

Seeing how the critical moment was at hand, a ship came cruising over.

It was also a sailboat and was equally large. Its color was mainly dark with a ghostly green to it.

Its ghastly pale main sail drew a blooming pitch-black tulip.

It was the flagship of Admiral Hell Ludwell, the Black Tulip!

It was a ship that frequently plied these waters!

Chapter 658: 55,000 Pounds

The Black Tulip... Admiral Hell Ludwell... This is jumping out of the frying pan and into the fire... Aren't we a little too unlucky? Floating in midair, Klein was the first to discover the approaching ship. He couldn't help but turn his head to look down at Anderson, who was wielding his pitch-black sword and seriously observing the monster.

Anderson quickly returned the gaze in puzzlement. Remaining wary of the grayish-black flesh that could shoot out at any moment, he asked, "The look you're giving me is very strange. Did something happen again..."

Just as he said that, he reflexively shut his mouth and sensed something. With a leap, he dodged the monster's splintered body which was making his fingernails rapidly grow. He quickly arrived at the other side of the ship.

As he straightened his back, Anderson suddenly hissed. "Admiral Hell..."

He wasn't a good person. As a pirate admiral infamous for killing indiscriminately, he had no qualms about profiting by "fishing" in troubled waters.

Once he weighed the situation and realized that he could use the powerful monster to finish off Admiral of Stars and everyone on the Future while also receiving tremendous spoils of war, he would definitely take action!

My bad luck hasn't decreased at all. It has only switched to a lump-sum withdrawal? Anderson's expression twisted, making it impossible to tell whether he was crying or laughing.

At the same time, the corresponding information surfaced in Klein's mind.

Just the bounty placed on Admiral Hell Ludwell's head by Loen alone had reached 55,000 pounds!

He was an extremely powerful member of the Seven Pirate Admirals, with the highest bounty among them!

His flagship, the Black Tulip, didn't have many pirates living on it. Most of the jobs were left to undead creatures or the spirit world creatures he controlled.

He killed indiscriminately, but he had no perverse fixation on murder. He merely took seriously his duty of sending living creatures to hell.

He had all kinds of connections with the Numinous Episcopate. Rumors said that he possessed a ring left behind by the ancient Death!

While Klein and Anderson were looking at the Black Tulip, the golden brooch on Cattleya's robe began to emit a pure bright light instead of blinding sunlight.

In front of the captain's cabin was a blurry figure that was rapidly increasing in length.

It was filled with the silence and serenity of a specter's aura, but it also emitted a warmth resembling sunlight.

This was an extraordinarily incongruous existence. It was as though a wraith had been created from Sun Holy Water!

It was both holy and evil!

The Sun Wraith widened its arms as it flew out at ludicrous speeds and hugged the grayish-black flesh.

The sizzle of burning fat and oil rang out. The Sun Wraith and the grayish-black flesh canceled each other out and were simultaneously obliterated, leaving no trace behind.

The dark purple hue in the Admiral of Stars's eyes flowed as the brooch brightened. It quickly produced another Sun Wraith outside the window of the captain's cabin as it pounced towards the grayish-black flesh that had invaded the Future.

And at this moment, Bloodless Heath Doyle protected Frank, Nina, and the other sailors. He used the devouring and digesting method in order to resist the monster's flesh which possessed immense vitality.

The Black Tulip was faster than Klein had anticipated. Within seconds, it had entered a range that posed a threat to the Future.

The gloomy green-black sailboat slowed and stopped to the side. It didn't seem to be aware of what had happened.

Suddenly, Klein saw a nearly transparent eye materialize in the air above the Future. It had ghastly-pale whites and looked down without blinking.

This... is a Spirit Medium's version of a telescope? After a momentary pause, Klein drew his revolver with his right hand and aimed at the eye that belonged to a spirit world creature.

At that moment, he hesitated. As the crazy adventurer Gehrman Sparrow, firing directly would best match his persona. But Admiral Hell Ludwell had yet to show any animosity. He might have reservations about the faction backing Cattleya and choose to hold back. If Klein rashly killed the "telescope," it would undoubtedly push the situation toward a more chaotic and dangerous outcome!

During that brief dilemma, the nearly transparent illusory eye vanished. A distance away, the Black Tulip continued approaching as it became clearer and clearer.

High above the Black Tulip, white skeletons without clothes or leather armor busily controlled the sails, while pale zombies patrolled with cutlasses in hand and observed their surroundings with green, burning eyes. Shadows, wraiths, and all sorts of strange spirit world creatures flew in circles, occasionally passing through the ship as faint, transparent faces protruded from its hull.

Amidst Klein's Spirit Vision, the Black Tulip only had one living person. It was the man dressed like a captain, who was silently standing on the deck.

He wore an exaggerated triangular hat adorned with a white skull and feathers, a lace-trimmed white shirt, and a heavy, magnificent brown coat. A thin rapier hung from the oxhide belt securing his white tights.

The man wore a silver mask. His facial features and contours were hidden within. The holes that depicted his eyes, nose, and mouth had cold lines that left one shuddering.

This matched the rumored image of Admiral Hell Ludwell!

Where are his first mate, second mate, third mate, and boatswain? Klein was initially surprised by the lack of living personnel on the Black Tulip before quickly realizing the reason.

Just as the Future's third mate, gunner commander, and many sailors had been sent to other ships in the pirate fleet, only the minimum number of personnel had been brought into these waters. Admiral Hell Ludwell hadn't allowed his "weak" subordinates to follow him. After all, he could control the undead and spirit world creatures to steer the ship.

At this moment, the Black Tulip clearly turned around and aimed its starboard side over.

As Admiral Hell Ludwell touched his silver mask, a salvo of shots rang out.

Cannonballs flew over, some falling into the sea before they came close, producing splashes; others overshot and fell somewhere even further away.

This was a calibration shot!

Soon, the Black Tulip fired a second cannon volley.

Klein was just about to activate Creeping Hunger and use the Baron of Corruption's Distortion power to change the target of the cannonballs, sending them further away when he saw Anderson Hood raise his right hand and push it forward.

Orange-yellow Fire Ravens instantly condensed and flew out with precision, intercepting every cannonball!

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Blinding flames erupted in midair as debris scattered, as though dozens of fireworks had been set off.

I have to say that a Pyromaniac's powers are very useful at sea. It's a mystic version of a ballistic missile defense system. However, Anderson is the Strongest Hunter and has already reached Sequence 5. If it were Danitz, there'd be no way he could block them all. It would be impressive if he could detonate even half... Sigh, when I use Flame Controlling, I can only deal with one cannonball at a time... As Klein sighed inwardly, the Black Tulip ceased its bombardment, changed speed again, and closed the gap with the Future.

As it approached, the surface of the sea between the two gigantic sailboats which was dyed with golden sunlight rapidly turned black. It didn't look like ink, but the darkest night without any moon or stars.

Translucent and illusory ferocious creatures crawled out of this dark sea. Pale corpses reached out their palms which had rotten flesh dangling from them as dark red or cold flames emerged, forming pairs of eyes.

Suddenly, the area seemed to turn into the entrance to hell. All kinds of undead creatures floated on the surface of the sea in dense numbers as they charged forward like an unending tidal wave.

Anderson looked back at the Sun Wraiths which were obliterating the grayish-black flesh, and he knew that Admiral of Stars was at a critical moment in dealing with the terrifying monster. All he could do was draw a gasp and look up at Gehrman Sparrow with a bitter smile.

Just as he was about to press his hands against the ship's side and create scarlet flames to halt the invading undead army, he was surprised to see Gehrman Sparrow turn around and fly back into his cabin.

H-he fled? No way... Anderson's expression clearly froze.

He grimaced as he hurriedly leaned forward with his extended palms to press onto the shipboard.

Silently, a swath of scarlet flames soared into the sky and swept the area ahead of him.

At this moment, a charm suddenly fell in front of him as he heard a word spoken in ancient Hermes.

"Storm!"

Huh? Anderson instinctively looked up and saw Gehrman Sparrow, in his round-necked shirt and brown jacket, swept up by a squall as he rapidly flew toward the Black Tulip.

I-is he committing suicide? I can't understand such madness... Anderson stared agape, utterly baffled.

Whoosh!

With the charm's effects and the wind's blessing, Klein flew into the airspace above the Black Tulip's bow.

Admiral Hell Ludwell immediately looked up at him. The eyes behind the silver mask burned silently with two pale-white flames.

The shadows, wraiths, and the spirit world creatures of the Death domain who were spiraling above the Black Tulip immediately swarmed towards the enemy.

Some opened their mouths to unleash silent screeches; others extended long tongues with shrunken faces at their tips, as though overcome with excitement.

Klein looked at them with a deadpan expression as he reached into his pocket with his left hand, releasing the wall of spirituality on a squarish box.

Then, he took out Azik's copper whistle, which was tied to a few matchsticks, and threw them at the deck of the Black Tulip's stern.

Suddenly, the transparent, cold, and indistinct shadows and wraiths paused. It was as though they were frozen worms.

Without hesitation, they turned and flew rapidly toward the stern of the Black Tulip. The strange-looking spirit world creatures followed close behind.

In less than a second, the skeletons and zombies who were adjusting the cannons betrayed Admiral Hell. The bow was left completely empty except for Ludwell.

Pa!

Pressing down on his cap, Klein landed on the deck directly in front of Ludwell.

His body was bent slightly as he released the right hand on his cap, his gaze locked on the silver-masked Admiral Hell.

Chapter 659: This Beyonder Power Is Very Powerful

On the Future, Anderson Hood pressed his hands on the shipboard and saw the undead army in the pitch-black sea recede like the tide. They rushed over one another and surged for the stern of the Black Tulip. He saw Gehrman Sparrow press his cap with his right hand while he descended from the sky before landing opposite Admiral Hell Ludwell.

The scene was illuminated by dark-red and gloomy-green light. Framed by wraiths, shadows, and all sorts of strange spirit world creatures, it possessed an indescribable beauty.

Cool! As expected of the craziest adventurer... Anderson marveled inwardly before recalling something.

Gehrman Sparrow had apparently thrown a charm in front of him before flying over. Furthermore, he had deliberately demonstrated the incantation that activated it!

His intent is... Anderson Hood moved his gaze down and discovered a charm made of tin at his feet.

On the Black Tulip, Klein, whose body was slightly bent while his eyes were locked onto his enemy, wasn't actually as cold and calm as his expression depicted.

Anderson had better fly over with that charm. There's a good chance I can't deal with him alone. It might even be extremely dangerous... With the silver mask and its two pale-white flames reflected in his eyes, Klein prayed silently.

Because of the mysterious eyes that had observed him and the deck, as well as the person Anderson Hood had mentioned opening a door in the dream world, he cautiously abandoned the idea of immediately praying to himself and responding with the Sea God Scepter from above the gray fog. He warned himself not to expose such matters unless he was in dire straits.

He believed that Creeping Hunger and Tinder, together with the various Beyonder powers of Magician and the charms of the Sea God domain, gave him the ability to fight Admiral Hell Ludwell. As for Azik's copper whistle, it could attract undead creatures or spirit world creatures inclined toward the Death domain, neutralizing a powerful Spirit Medium's most potent means. A Sequence 5 Beyonder of the Death pathway would often choose to overwhelm a group of Mid-Sequence Beyonders with sheer numbers, provided the group wasn't too large.

However, Klein didn't believe that he alone could defeat Ludwell in such a situation, much less kill him. First, the battlefield was the Black Tulip. Considering how Admiral of Stars could use the Future, it was obvious that fighting Ludwell aboard his own ship was far from ideal. Second, Ludwell was currently the most senior pirate admiral. He had the backing of two powerful factions, the King of the Five Seas and the Numinous Episcopate. His mystical items and Sealed Artifacts might be no weaker than Klein's and could even surpass them. In addition, many rumors indicated that he possessed a ring left behind by the ancient Death!

With his Sequence lower than Admiral Hell's, Klein felt none of the exhilaration of a hunt nearing success or the thrill of masterfully acting as a crazy adventurer. Instead, he was tense and anxious and didn't dare be careless. He only hoped that the Strongest Hunter plagued by bad luck would fly over quickly.

Only by joining forces with someone of comparable strength would he have even a small chance of defeating or resisting Ludwell, who had lost his undead army. It would also give Cattleya and her pirates the time and space to finish off the composite monster.

Just as this thought flashed across his mind, Klein didn't hesitate to launch an attack. He made the Fog of Poison which he stole with Tinder spread.

No one could see the uneasiness and worry in his heart.

Wearing an exaggerated triangular hat and silver mask, Ludwell raised his clenched left fist, spread his fingers, and aimed his palm at Klein.

The bow's deck was instantly enveloped in a harrowing yellowish-green fog. Before Ludwell, an illusory glow exploded. Then a point spiraled and collapsed inward, outlining a blurry bronze door whose two halves swung open.

The bronze door was covered in all sorts of mysterious patterns. It had an indescribable heaviness and silence to it.

With a creak, the door shook and cracked open a little.

Behind the gap was endless darkness, as though it was the deepest and darkest night.

Indescribable pairs of eyes were hidden in the darkness behind the door. They were densely packed and everywhere, but it was impossible to discern their actual bodies.

Skinless arms covered in blood and greenish-black vines bearing baby faces reached out. Palms with tooth-filled mouths grabbed at everything beyond the door as they screamed, laughed, sobbed, and yelled.

This brought a terrifying suction force. Out of nowhere, cold hurricanes that sent chills down the bone stirred, pushing objects towards these strange creatures and the gap in the bronze door!

The yellowish-green Fog of Poison was instantly cleared as Klein couldn't help but lean forward as he stumbled.

The glove on his left palm immediately turned pitch-black. It had the sinister feel of the night and the grandeur of the cosmos.

Klein's brown eyes darkened as he spread out his left arm to the side in a gesture of politeness.

The terrifying suction force that swept the bow's deck suddenly changed direction, "grabbing" the skeletons and rotting zombies that were rushing to the stern, and it threw them into the gap of the door. They were bound by the greenish-black, baby-faced vines and bloody arms and were pulled behind the bronze door where the countless eyes were.

"Distortion!"

Baron of Corruption's Distortion!

Klein had distorted the target of the mysterious door, and he used the skeletons and zombies on the Black Tulip to substitute himself.

Despite that, he was still affected by the remnant forces of the tremendous suction force. He found it difficult to take a step, preventing him from fully making use of his nimble and agile traits.

The hurricane had already swept his cap into the air, where it spun as though taking flight in pursuit of the undead creatures being sucked away.

At this moment, Admiral Hell Ludwell, who wore his exaggerated triangular hat, raised his right hand again and extended his palm.

The right side of his upper body rapidly turned illusory, as though it belonged to a specter or wraith. His arm extended continuously, instantly crossing a considerable distance as his pale palm grabbed at his enemy.

Whoosh!

The hurricane's roar suddenly vanished as soft sobs pierced Klein's ears, numbing his body as though his blood had frozen.

As the pale palm approached, he seemed to be possessed by a wraith or evil spirit. He couldn't produce an effective response as he watched death approach. In despair, he felt his vitality deplete at an increasing rate.

Without any resistance, Ludwell's pale and illusory right palm grabbed Klein and squashed him into a thin paper figurine.

The paper figurine was covered in signs of dark-green corrosion. Soon, the unceasing hurricane shredded it to dust.

To the side of the bronze door, Klein's figure surfaced again. His left glove had already been dyed with the color of pure sunlight.

He immediately straightened his body and spread open his arms.

Golden flames swirled around a pillar of holy light that descended from the sky, striking the bronze door which was covered in mysterious patterns.

Sunlight suddenly burst out, and it was so blinding that it made it almost impossible for Klein to open his eyes. As for the terrifying door which Ludwell had created, it had begun shaking and turning slightly blurry. Even the extraordinary suction force from behind the door had weakened. More than half the greenish-black baby-faced vines and the bloody arms were vaporized.

However, even more strange arms and distorted creatures attempted to squeeze out from the opening in the door.

Just as Klein was about to continue using the Priest of Light's Light of Purification to purify the bronze door, Ludwell's pale palm swiped down wildly.

Klein hurriedly dodged to the side as he kept rolling to avoid the remnant effects of the hurricane and the soul-sucking palm.

One roll, two rolls, three rolls, and his body abruptly sprang up at an angle. At some point, Creeping Hunger had taken on the appearance of gold.

Admiral Hell's silver mask was the first thing that was reflected in Klein's eyes. It included the pale flames in his eye sockets. Following that, two bolts of lightning brightened from the depths of his eyes.

Interrogator's Psychic Piercing!

At this moment, a black, square-shaped ring on Ludwell's left index finger produced a slight glow.

Immediately a scene appeared in Klein's mind.

It was a gigantic throne made from the rotting heads of humans, elves, giants, dragons, demonic wolves, sea monsters, vampires, and other creatures. On either side were miniature, transparent faces of wraiths, shadows, and evil spirits, all filled with hatred, viciousness, and indignation.

Suddenly, Klein felt as though his head had been struck by an axe. The fearsome pain filled his mind without any delay.

His Psychic Piercing had not only failed to show its effects, but it had even ended up affecting him in an amplified manner!

If not for him having experienced more extreme pain, Klein definitely would've fallen to the ground, wailing and struggling. But even so, he temporarily lost his ability to resist as he bent his back with a grimace.

Seizing this opportunity, Ludwell uttered a slow language through the opening over his mouth, one ordinary living creatures couldn't understand. The surroundings instantly turned dark, blurry, and illusory.

This was the Language of Death that came from hell and the Underworld!

Just as Klein felt a little better, he discovered that his Spirit Body was floating up uncontrollably, separating from his body, inch by inch!

And the terrifying suction force from the bronze door was an irresistible force to the spirit.

No, this won't do! While his Spirit Body hadn't completely left his body, Klein raised his right arm and spread his hand which was wearing Tinder with great difficulty.

Different lustrous glows instantly interwove as they surfaced before him, constantly changing and flickering rapidly.

Without any hesitation, Klein grabbed onto a pale-white blob swirling with a gloomy green color. He twisted his wrist and extracted it.

In this battle, the Beyonder power he wished to steal the most was the one that created the bronze door, but he couldn't guarantee his success. All he could do was seek the blessings of the Goddess.

The lustrous glow flew over and landed in Tinder.

This wasn't the Beyonder power Klein wanted most, but it wasn't the worst result either.

The mouth behind Ludwell's silver mask moved, but it couldn't produce the sluggish, awkward language incomprehensible to the living.

At the same time, Klein opened his mouth.

Chapter 660: Behind the Mask

One distorted, incomprehensible, jarring syllable after another slowly spilled from Klein's mouth. The hurricane created by the bronze door's terrifying suction instantly subsided, cloaking the already dim surroundings in deeper gloom.

Only then did he learn that the Beyonder power Admiral Hell Ludwell had just used was known as the Language of the Dead. It could bypass the protection of flesh and blood to target the Spirit Body directly.

It was an advanced form of a Spirit Medium's powers, progressing beyond direct communication with spirits to commandeering and even enslaving them!

Living creatures couldn't understand the resounding language. Ludwell froze in place as a transparent layer rapidly surfaced over his pirate captain's attire.

His spirit was being tugged at by an illusory power!

At this moment, the black, square-shaped ring on Ludwell's left index finger produced a faint glow.

The tiny portion of his Spirit Body that had been forcefully drawn out returned, fusing with his body once more.

Ding!

With his right hand, Ludwell drew the thin rapier hanging by his waist.

It was iron-black in color, and its tip gathered the surrounding light, turning into a dark point.

Admiral Hell suddenly stepped forward. Accompanied by violent currents of air, he instantly closed the distance to Klein and thrust his rapier at lightning speed!

The bronze door covered in mysterious patterns remained standing in its original position. It didn't vanish when Ludwell retracted his left hand and took further action. This differed from the similar-looking ability Miss Sharron had previously used through a mystical item.

Oof!

The black rapier pierced through Klein in an unavoidable manner.

Klein's figure rapidly crumpled into a piece of paper. Its surface turned yellow and dry, as though it had been weathered for thousands of years.

The hurricane brought about by the bronze door completely pulverized the paper figurine.

In midair, Klein jumped out of the darkness as he held a huge handful of charms from the Sea God domain.

"Storm!"

He quickly shouted in ancient Hermes. The tin flakes lit up one by one as they sacrificed themselves to Sea God. This also meant that, if Klein wished, he could recycle most of the material and use it repeatedly until the metal could no longer withstand the spirituality.

Whoosh!

Blue wind blades shot out as the surrounding waters surged into massive waves as tall as the ship. Because Klein neither attempted nor had time to distinguish between the different kinds of charms, their extraordinary effects also augmented Admiral Hell even as their attacks inundated him. Ludwell gained Underwater Breathing, underwater mobility, flight, pressure resistance, and other enhancements, none of which were useful at that moment.

Ludwell suddenly opened his mouth and produced a silent screech. He then swept his hand toward the waves beside him, causing countless wind blades to freeze momentarily in midair.

Immediately following that, Admiral Hell raised his left hand as the black, square-shaped ring on his index finger produced a sinister and eerie glow that instantly brightened.

Whoosh!

The bronze door, which exuded an indescribable feeling, instantly swelled as it doubled in height and width.

Amidst a heavy creaking sound, the gap in the door opened up.

The already terrifying suction force immediately rose to an unimaginable level.

Blue wind blades and black sea waves swept Klein through the air toward the door, straight at the strange vines and arms extending outward.

Klein had planned to use the Priest of Light's Light of Holiness to clash head-on with the bronze door and gain a moment's respite, but then he saw a glaring white fireball half a person's height fly over.

The fireball's speed was augmented by the tremendous suction force generated by the door. It flew past Klein and smashed into the mysterious door's opening.

Boom!

The white flames scattered and rained down, but they only made the bronze door quake and dim slightly.

Klein took the opportunity and snapped his fingers.

The matchsticks he had separated in his pockets immediately ignited. Scarlet flames enveloped his body, and he melted away.

A flame burst out by the side of the bronze door as Klein leaped out of it.

He instantly noticed Anderson Hood floating rather awkwardly in midair with a burning-white spear in his palm.

The Strongest Hunter had finally arrived, though he appeared unaccustomed to flying.

When Ludwell looked up and saw this scene, the pale-white flames behind the silver mask clearly jumped twice.

Clearly, he had never expected the Future to have two other powerhouses at the pirate admiral level besides Admiral of Stars Cattleya. Furthermore, they wielded formidable mystical items and Sealed Artifacts.

At that moment, Ludwell suddenly raised a hand to his face and unexpectedly removed his silver mask.

Heavy, pale-white light suddenly spewed out from behind the mask, causing endless silence to instantly spread out from the black, square-shaped ring on Ludwell's left index finger.

The silence surged into the bronze door and lifted it off the deck and into the air.

The door covered in mysterious patterns fused with the endless silence as it rapidly burgeoned to more than thirty meters tall.

With the sea as its base, it stood there, erect like an entrance to another world, one completely different from the present world.

Creak!

The bronze door opened as unspeakable darkness surged out and enveloped the Black Tulip's bow.

Upon seeing this, Klein abandoned his attack, quickly took out the correct charm, and used it on himself.

A strong gust of wind swept over and lifted him above the Black Tulip.

Drawn by the darkness, the gigantic sailboat passed through the bronze door ten meters at a time, sailing into another world.

Admiral Hell Ludwell stood at the bow as he looked up into the sky. His face was blanketed by the pale-white luster, preventing anyone from discerning his looks.

His gaze first swept past Klein before landing on Anderson Hood. He seemed to make a mental note of these two hunters, but he didn't make any further attempts to attack. He seemed to have been restrained by the surrounding darkness.

Anderson was taken aback as he didn't hesitate to throw out the burning-white spear in his hand.

The spear shot straight at Ludwell, but once it entered the region enclosed by darkness and silence, it silently vanished.

Ludwell is planning to escape? How decisive... Klein was first stunned before he recalled that Azik's copper whistle was still on the Black Tulip.

With the gigantic sailboat halfway through the bronze door and about to enter another world, beyond his power to stop, Klein threw a matchstick and snapped his fingers.

He appeared fifty meters above the stern, where the undead creatures were fighting over Azik's copper whistle. The item, which kept changing hands, finally burst into scarlet flame due to the matchsticks tied to it.

Amidst the flames, Klein's figure surfaced there and grabbed Azik's copper whistle.

This was the preparation he had made to retrieve the copper whistle!

Furthermore, to prevent any mishaps, such as the undead creatures pulling away the matchsticks, he had also coated the copper whistle with a highly flammable essential oil of the Sun!

Pa!

Surrounded by countless undead, Klein didn't even have time to withdraw the hand holding the copper whistle. He immediately snapped his fingers again.

At this moment, transparent, rotting, pale, or illusory hands grabbed him!

The matchstick Klein had previously thrown into the air ignited in midair as it produced a flame.

His figure quickly materialized amid the flames. His face was ashen, and his lips were white.

After being grabbed by countless shadows, wraiths, and undead creatures, Klein felt an icy chill in the depths of his Spirit Body. Unable to control his body, he plummeted into the sea dyed gold.

With the Black Tulip almost completely crossing the bronze door, the sea which appeared like an entrance to hell had been restored to normal.

Klein sank several meters and swallowed a few mouthfuls of bitter, astringent seawater before finally recovering.

Thankfully, I was sufficiently prepared... As this thought flashed through his mind, he suddenly felt something amiss.

The Murloc Cufflink gave him the passive ability to breathe underwater for ten minutes. He shouldn't have swallowed mouthfuls of water!

Klein suddenly turned his head and looked at his wrist, only to realize that the blue cufflink had detached itself at some point in time.

It's lost... Tinder lost it... I was on the Black Tulip the entire time... Klein splashed a few times and floated to the surface, just in time to see the gigantic sailboat's tail meld into the darkness as the bronze door slowly closed.

He instinctively swam forward for a few seconds before finally stopping. He selected one of his remaining charms and bestowed the Beyonder effect of Underwater Breathing upon himself.

In midair, Anderson Hood clicked his tongue when he saw this.

"This fellow is really crazy...

"He's actually trying to engage in pursuit!"

At this moment, the starlight above the Future fell and condensed into a long bridge that extended over.

Cattleya had finally finished off the grayish-black monster with immense vitality!

What a pity. If only Admiral Hell had hesitated a little and hadn't fled so promptly... Anderson Hood sighed silently and landed firmly on the star bridge.

As he watched Gehrman Sparrow fly over, he was just about to greet and praise him when he saw the cold and gloomy expression.

Anderson instinctively made way and chuckled dryly, allowing Gehrman Sparrow to walk past him.

After returning to the Future via the star bridge, Klein restrained his surging emotions and watched Frank Lee walk over and give him a thumbs-up.

"You're the craziest fellow I've ever met!

"You actually dared to board the Black Tulip alone and single-handedly challenge Admiral Hell. You even returned alive!"

Sorry, in terms of craziness, I'm far inferior to you... Klein thought in response.

At this moment, pirates with long or disheveled hair expressed their astonishment and amazement.

In such an atmosphere, Klein closed his eyes and felt his Faceless potion completely digest.

Chapter 661: Approaching

Frank Lee sensed something amiss with Gehrman Sparrow and added with a chuckle, "I'd planned to help by tossing over a few seeds. Unfortunately, I can't throw that far."

Throw seeds at the Black Tulip? These waters contain the lingering aura of Earth Mother. Beyonder creatures and objects in the corresponding domain would mutate and attack everyone indiscriminately... And I was aboard the Black Tulip at the time... Thank goodness you didn't throw them... Klein suddenly recalled the Future's wretched state moments earlier and the watermelon that had sprouted from the dead pirate's head.

Just as he was about to give a curt answer befitting Gehrman Sparrow's persona, he saw Heath Doyle emerge from the shadows and double over to vomit.

The Bloodless retched, then his knees went limp and he collapsed onto the deck.

Ugh! Ugh!

He finally vomited a pool of yellowish-green liquid. Amid it lay a piece of half-rotten, grayish-black flesh that was still squirming slightly.

Ugh! Ugh! Ugh!

Heath Doyle continued vomiting similar items.

Despite his disgust, Klein felt greatly relieved at the sight. He had feared that Rose Bishop Heath Doyle had been corrupted by indiscriminately eating things, but it now seemed that Heath had isolated what he had consumed instead of truly digesting it.

As expected of a Rose Bishop who isn't mad... Klein silently sighed.

Just as he was planning to look away from the vomit, thoughts suddenly flashed in his mind.

Creeping Hunger has already been activated. It needs to be "fed" once within a day. And there aren't any outsiders here. There's also no ideal scum... The pirate who died won't do. Although his partners might not put too much weight on his corpse, Creeping Hunger devours the soul...

I wonder if these pieces of flesh can be treated as "food." At the very least, they contain tremendous vitality, having come from a corpse influenced by Earth Mother's aura...

With this in mind, Klein took two steps forward and came to Heath Doyle's side.

Unable to bear looking at the puddle of vomit, he instinctively turned toward the vast, sunlit sea beyond the gunwale.

Then, he reached out to a piece of grayish-black flesh with his left hand.

Creeping Hunger neither reacted nor split open a mouth.

Looks like it doesn't want to eat this... For now, I can only use it sparingly to deal with any latent dangers. If I still can't find suitable food by the end of the day, I'll throw it above the gray fog... Klein helplessly retracted his hand and looked up at the captain's cabin.

The golden brooch in front of Cattleya bloomed with light once again, materializing a Sun Wraith that cleansed the pieces of grayish-black flesh from Heath Doyle.

The pirate admiral's expression didn't seem to change. She merely looked a little tired, while the purple hue in her eyes grew increasingly obvious.

After confirming that the ship had set sail again, Klein returned to his room to change out of his drenched clothes.

Anderson glanced at him and curiously opened his mouth.

"Shut up!" Klein spoke out before he could.

The recent turn of events had cost him his Murloc Cufflink, so the man plagued by bad luck looked increasingly objectionable to him. Klein was a hair's breadth from classifying Anderson as food for Creeping Hunger.

"Alright." Anderson raised his arms. "I'll just drink in silence."

Klein ignored him and entered the cabin before returning to his room.

Inside the bathroom, he picked up a Water Creation charm and activated it in ancient Hermes. Once the tub was filled with clean water, he took off his clothes and slid in.

The ice-cold sensation and the warm sunshine significantly soothed him. He picked up a pen and paper he brought from his desk and wrote down a divination statement: "The location of the Murloc Cufflink."

After reciting it seven times, Klein reclined fully, using the edge of the bathtub as a pillow, and entered a dream.

Amidst a grayish blur and a disconnected illusory world, he saw a zombie rotting in several parts of the deck. The blue Murloc Cufflink was embedded in the flesh of the zombie's left waist.

Apart from the deck, it was pitch-black. It was impossible to tell where the ship was.

It really is on the Black Tulip... Klein opened his eyes and came to the conclusion.

I hope Admiral Hell wouldn't discover it. This way, I can use this cufflink to lock onto the Black Tulip's location...

It won't be a serious problem even if he discovers it. As long as Ludwell doesn't throw the cufflink away and too much time doesn't pass, I can use it to locate his ship. However, I'll have to perform the divination above the gray fog rather than in the real world.

Also, I need to disrupt divination later to prevent Admiral Hell from using the cufflink to lock onto me or even curse me.

That ring really does seem to be an item left behind by the ancient Death. Yes, I should write to Mr. Azik and tell him about it. Klein quickly rinsed himself and stepped out of the bathtub.

After drying himself, he changed into the Loen gentleman's suit he had worn before. He first reorganized his belongings and washed his clothes, then unfolded a sheet of paper and took out Azik's copper whistle.

Standing beside the desk and looking at the objects on it, Klein hesitated when he extended his right hand.

The light in his eyes flickered before he put away Azik's copper whistle and placed it into a small metallic box. He then isolated its aura with a wall of spirituality.

He planned on summoning the messenger only after he left these waters and the Future.

I suffered quite a huge loss this time. Thankfully, I finished digesting the Faceless potion. I can now just wait for the appearance of mermaids...

Yes... The actual state of this battlefield of the gods differs from what I imagined. It even bears the aura of Earth Mother...

It must've been left behind later; otherwise, it's impossible that a deity can't control "Her" own aura.

None of the eight ancient gods in the Second Epoch wielded the authority of the Earth domain...

There are several possibilities among "Their" subsidiary gods, such as the Giant Queen, Goddess of Harvest Omebella, or the Goddess of Life, who was subordinate to the Vampire Ancestor Lilith.

Was this a battle in which subsidiary gods participated, or did it not date from the Second Epoch at all? Klein knew too little about the battlefield of the gods, so he could only speculate and indulge in fanciful thoughts.

He focused again as he began cutting some paper figurines and drew The Fool's symbol of concealment and change on them.

Pa!

Klein raised the paper figurine and shook it.

Flames appeared out of thin air as the paper figurine burnt to a crisp.

By doing this, he could obtain the desired effects to a certain extent. If he wished for better effects, he had to go above the gray fog to respond. He could use the Black Emperor's card to stir the powers of the mysterious space, coupled with the paper angel to provide protection.

With Azik's copper whistle and Will Auceptin's paper crane interfering with a suspected existence's spying, Klein returned to the bathroom and methodically finished what he needed to do.

After tidying the room, he put on Creeping Hunger and Tinder, then slowly walked onto the deck, prepared to carefully observe his surroundings so he wouldn't miss any sign of mermaids.

Just after leaving the cabin, he saw Anderson Hood sitting against a wooden barrel of alcohol. His expression was gloomy and his aura subdued, as though he were lost in thought or melancholy.

He really kept his promise and has been drinking in silence? Klein muttered inwardly as he passed Anderson.

Anderson slowly looked up and asked as though he was in a reverie, "Is there a problem with the alcohol here?"

Klein was taken aback as he seriously replied, "Yes."

Anderson fell speechless.

This fellow is simply too unlucky. His Beyonder powers even failed to detect the problem with the alcohol? The corners of Klein's lips twitched as he continued forward.

Many sailors had gathered on deck, watching Nina assume the duties of a Lord of Storms priest and hold a wake for the recently deceased pirate.

After a simple prayer, Nina looked around and said, "Revere wished to be buried on the mountain in his hometown port after his death. The sunset there is the most beautiful.

"He wished to be cremated so that he wouldn't be disturbed after death.

"Holy Lord of Storms, bless him with eternal peace." Many of the sailors believed in the Lord of Storms as they struck their left breast with their right fists.

Klein didn't approach as he silently watched this scene from a distance.

After the wake was over, the corpse of the pirate, Revere, was reduced to ashes with the help of a scroll. Klein silently sighed as he inwardly drew a crimson moon.

For the rest of the day, the brilliant sunlight remained fixed at midday. The Future circled several ruins as it ventured deeper into those waters.

At some point in time, Anderson had recovered and arrived beside Klein.

He shot him a glance and pointed to the buildings that were submerged ahead.

"After passing these ruins, turn left and sail for about ten nautical miles. There should be a chance of encountering mermaids."

Finally... Klein was just about to answer when the sky suddenly darkened. The sunlight subsequently vanished.

Night had fallen again.

Without another word, he returned to his room and got into bed.

Soon, he found himself lucid within the dream. Clean floor-to-ceiling windows stood before him, along with neatly arranged tables and chairs and bookshelves filled with books.

He had returned to the spot from where he had previously left the dream. He was back in the library.

The glow of sunset streamed in, cloaking every object in a faint layer of gold. Puzzled, Klein walked to the bookshelf he had previously browsed.

Unsurprisingly, he saw Book of Charms and other books on mysticism.

Klein was about to take out the book and quickly read through it again when his gaze swept across the bookshelf opposite him. There, he saw a black-covered book titled Roselle's Notebook 3!

The emperor's diary? An entire diary? Klein subconsciously wanted to extend his hand.

At that moment, the mysterious eyes that had observed him and the deck flashed through his mind, along with the person who had opened the door in the hall of murals mentioned by Anderson Hood and the unnatural way he had been moved through the dream.

Klein retracted his gaze and took out the Book of Charms again.

He came to a long table, sat down, and began quickly browsing through it.

Suddenly, he heard footsteps approaching from the depths of the library.

Klein instantly tensed up as he slowly lifted his head.

The first thing that he saw was a pair of black leather boots.

Chapter 662: Powerful Aura

As his gaze moved up, Klein roughly guessed the owner of those footsteps.

She was a woman wearing beige trousers that allowed easy movement and a pair of tall black leather boots. Over the trousers, she wore a light brown skirt that reached her knees. Its layered hem fell diagonally, lending her a free-spirited, dashing air.

Her attire made Klein feel as though he had returned to Earth. No such style was fashionable in Loen, Intis, Feysac, Feynapotter, Lenburg, Masin, East Balam, or anywhere else!

Klein lifted his head faster and finally saw the lady's appearance.

Long chestnut hair cascaded naturally down her back. Her straight eyelashes curved outward just so, and her profound blue eyes seemed to conceal an ocean.

She was strikingly beautiful, but that was not what drew the eye most. Every movement naturally exuded nobility, leaving the powerful impression of someone long accustomed to an exalted position. Klein nearly lowered his head on instinct to avoid her gaze.

Furthermore, she's very tall. She's almost as tall as I am in my Klein Moretti form... Klein added inwardly.

After completely digesting the Faceless potion, he had realized that the self was an amalgamation of personality, experience, knowledge, and social connections. His looks and build could be changed at will; therefore, as long as he knew who he was, he didn't mind using the word "form" to describe the characteristics of each identity. After all, every Faceless transformation could be fixed in place without further maintenance. That also meant that even without the corresponding Beyonder powers, he could retain Gehrman Sparrow's appearance.

And because of that, he could easily make Klein Moretti grow taller if he wanted.

Tap. Tap. Tap. The lady approached Klein with the natural bearing of one accustomed to looking down from above. She pulled out a chair and sat.

"We meet again," the lady said in a gentle but emotionless tone.

The way she speaks sounds familiar... Klein's mind whirled as he remembered the source of the sense of familiarity.

The scene of her arrival echoed through his mind, and he finally focused on those black leather boots!

It's... It's her! Klein suddenly recalled the relevant scenes.

Back when he used his Spirit Body state to infiltrate the Royal Museum and retrieve the Black Emperor card, he had encountered a demigod. She had been sitting at the top of a wooden staircase in the middle of two large bookshelves. Her black leather boots back then were dangling in the air!

Later, after changing back into Sherlock Moriarty and calling for help while pursued by the Devil dog, he had encountered a forest path formed from green pea vines. He had no choice but to follow the carriage into midair, where he saw the pea vines interweave into a hammock beneath a pair of black leather boots!

It's her! Why would she appear in this dream world, in these waters? B-besides, she said, "we meet again." I'm Gehrman Sparrow right now! Amid these thoughts, Klein replied with a deadpan expression, "We haven't met before."

So what if you're a demigod? As long as you aren't an angel, I can use the Sea God Scepter to resist you in this dream world! Klein encouraged himself in secret.

The long-browed lady raised her chin and observed Klein for two seconds.

"Is that so? Mr. Hero Bandit Black Emperor..."

Klein's mind exploded with a boom, as though he had been struck by lightning. His thoughts shattered into countless fragments, leaving only chaos.

S-she knows that I'm Hero Bandit Black Emperor?

She recognized me as the Spirit Body who originally stole the Card of Blasphemy from the Royal Museum?

H-how is this possible!?

Wait, why did she address me directly as Hero Bandit Black Emperor? If she had called me Sherlock Moriarty, I would've been even more stunned and might have failed to hide my reaction...

As these thoughts flashed through his mind, Klein instinctively controlled his facial muscles and calmly said, "I don't know what you're talking about."

The unfashionably dressed lady neither repeated herself nor offered an explanation. Instead, she said directly, "I was the one who provided your identity as Gehrman Sparrow."

...

Klein instantly felt his scalp tingle. He felt as though he didn't have a single secret when facing her.

The identity of Gehrman Sparrow was created through Miss Sharron's connections... Is this demigod one of them?

Right, Miss Sharron had previously mentioned that someone in her circles had been investigating the true identity of Hero Bandit Black Emperor and had promised to fulfill any reasonable request in exchange. For ingredients, it was limited to those below that of High-Sequence Beyonder ingredients...

According to Miss Sharron's description, the person who offered the commission was over 1.7 meters tall, with a well-proportioned figure and long chestnut hair. She liked wearing black leather boots. Damn... isn't that the woman before me? Back then, I even suspected she was the demigod I met at the Royal Museum. Furthermore, she knew perfectly well that I had taken the Black Emperor card...

Thoughts flashed past as Klein was temporarily at a loss for words. All he could do was maintain his silence.

The lady, whose chin was slightly rounded rather than sharp, didn't dwell on Gehrman Sparrow's identity. She looked toward the frozen sunset and said, "While you were in the Rorsted Archipelago, Nast Solomon's Black Emperor also appeared in those waters.

"I believe you know what that means, Mr. Hero Bandit."

Realizing that she wasn't exposing his identity and was even offering clues and evidence, Klein could only twitch the corner of his lips and say, "The law of Beyonder characteristic convergence."

The expression of the lady opposite him immediately softened. Smiling, she said, "You really are Hero Bandit Black Emperor."

...So you weren't certain... You merely laid out the clues while projecting confidence... But how did she seem so certain earlier? Does she have other evidence she hasn't revealed? Klein felt a stab of regret and profound puzzlement.

The lady, who seemed to enjoy her status as an important figure, said nothing further. She looked at the bookshelf and asked, "You discovered through his diary that the bookmark contained the Black Emperor card?"

Diary... This lady also knows that the so-called Roselle's notebook is a diary... Klein was taken aback as he didn't reply to her.

"You didn't take that notebook because you sensed something?" the lady asked.

This... Klein suddenly realized something and decided to ask questions instead of answering. He wanted to extricate himself from this passive position rather than be led by the nose.

He looked at the lady's deep blue eyes and asked directly, "You are the mysterious person on the Future who was secretly spying on me?"

The beautiful but unapproachable lady replied frankly, "Yes. Cattleya doesn't know that I've secretly boarded the Future, yet you actually discovered me... A Clown's sense of danger?"

Based on the observation and the information from before, she can basically determine that I'm a Faceless, a Magician... From her tone, she's very familiar with Admiral of Stars... The upper echelons of the Moses Ascetic Order or that Queen Mystic? Klein nodded and said, "That's right."

The lady raised her chin, the corners of her lips curling slightly.

"It's impossible for a normal Clown to sense danger at this level, even if they're already a Sequence 5."

She has discovered another unique trait again... This... She knows the Seer pathway very well... Indeed, I've been somewhat affected by the gray fog's powers, giving me a direct premonitory intuition even in situations that aren't dangerous? Klein didn't give her a chance to speak again as he asked in a deep tone, "Were the sounds of the door opening and the footsteps heard by Anderson Hood in the depths of the hall of murals yours?"

"Are you referring to the hunter plagued by bad luck?" the lady asked thoughtfully.

"Yes." Klein nodded.

"It was indeed me." The lady paused. "Pass a prophecy on to that hunter. The deadliest danger often lies in everyday life."

What does that mean? Seeing that she had no intention of explaining, Klein deliberated before asking, "Were you the one who made me appear in the Saint of Darkness's dream?"

The lady ran her fingers through her long chestnut hair and said gently but coldly, "That's not hard to guess.

"Through that dream, I confirmed that you took the remains of that sea serpent, Kalvetua.

"And as before, you appeared in Spirit Body form. You took the item from Jahn Kottman and vanished immediately? Oh, you still carry the Black Emperor card."

Klein didn't respond to this topic and switched to asking, "You are Queen Mystic?"

"Many people call me by that name," the lady calmly answered.

It really is her... This lady's Loen bounty alone reaches 650,000 pounds! Klein silently drew a breath and said, "Ma'am, why are you looking for me?"

Queen Mystic used her blue eyes to look at him for a few seconds before saying, "I hope you can share with me the method to interpret the language created by Emperor Roselle. For that, I can satisfy most of your requests."

Klein neither admitted nor denied anything. He chuckled and asked, "Don't tell me you can even provide the corresponding High-Sequence Beyonder potion formulas?"

Queen Mystic subdued her bearing, but her dignity remained undiminished as she said, "Your fate lies on the main peak of the Hornacis Mountain Range."

This... Klein felt a baffling sense of shock.

His eyes darted around. While he was considering a question, Queen Mystic stood up.

"When you need some help or clues to a few Cards of Blasphemy, tell me the answer."

She turned around and walked into the depths of the tidy and vast library. With each step, her figure turned faint before quickly vanishing.

The library immediately collapsed. After a moment of feeling adrift, Klein found himself in the hall filled with beautiful murals.

Anderson looked at him in shock as he blurted out, "How did you get here?"

Chapter 663: False Alarm

After hearing Anderson's question, Klein was momentarily at a loss for an answer. He couldn't just tell him that he had fallen out of a dream suspected to belong to Queen Mystic.

He gave the unlucky Strongest Hunter a cold look, raised his right hand, and pointed upward.

"Is that so..." Anderson Hood nodded in enlightenment.

What... did you figure out? I don't even know what I was trying to express... The corner of Klein's lips twitched imperceptibly as he changed the subject. Recalling the encounter, he said, "I met someone just now..."

"Not someone we know? Not a member of the Future? The person who came out of the door from deep inside the hall?" Anderson suddenly became excited.

This fellow doesn't put on any airs as the Strongest Hunter. He's like a reporter chasing a scoop... Klein lampooned without answering him. He said directly, "She asked me to pass a prophecy on to you."

"She... What prophecy?" Anderson was somewhat puzzled.

If I were Klein Moretti, I would've answered, "Sorry, I forgot. She only said it once"... Imagining the prank he couldn't play, Klein said in a deep voice, "The deadliest danger often lies in everyday life."

Anderson listened carefully and drew a breath.

"That's far too accurate! I drank some beer and nearly turned myself into an idiot. Who would've imagined that most of the alcohol aboard the Future was problematic?"

He ruminated for a few seconds and asked, somewhat worried, "That's it?

"Did you forget any details or keywords?"

I can tell that you're being provocative... Klein ignored Anderson Hood and walked to the entrance of the hall of murals where he looked at Frank and Nina outside.

Back in the library, Queen Mystic had suddenly accused him of being Hero Bandit Black Emperor, inevitably placing him on the defensive. Afterward, he had tried to throw her off and avoid being led by the nose, so he remained extremely tense. His thoughts had been entirely focused on how to respond, leaving him no time to review the encounter and examine its details. Now, he finally had the chance.

First, the most important question: how much does Queen Mystic understand about my identity and Roselle's diary?

Yes... She believes I possess a method for interpreting the language Emperor Roselle created, not that I know the language itself. The distinction may be slight, but it is enough to prove that she hasn't discovered our identities as transmigrators or found any clues pointing to that conclusion.

Miss Sharron isn't a novice who just entered mysticism circles or became involved in complicated affairs. When asking someone to forge an identity for me, she couldn't possibly have divulged who it was for. Besides, the portrait I provided already showed Gehrman Sparrow...

That means Queen Mystic hasn't equated Sherlock Moriarty with Gehrman Sparrow. Yes, if she'd already known, as I previously imagined, a more effective form of address would've been Mr. Black Emperor Sherlock Moriarty. That would've struck my mental defenses several times harder than simply calling me Hero Bandit Black Emperor.

From her standpoint, how did she gather useful information from scattered clues?

She knows that the bookmark is the Black Emperor card. Hence, she connected the specter-like Hero Bandit Black Emperor with the strange Spirit Body who stole the Card of Blasphemy from the Royal Museum. Later, the King of the Five Seas, Nast, suddenly appeared in the Rorsted Archipelago. Based on the law of Beyonder characteristic convergence, she guessed that Hero Bandit Black Emperor might have appeared in Bayam and the archipelago.

During her investigation, she discovered the familiar identity of Gehrman Sparrow. His movements coincided with Hero Bandit Black Emperor's activities, so she formed a hypothesis and pursued it. She infiltrated the Future and observed me up close.

This is logical, but there's a certain level of coincidences in all of this. King of the Five Seas Nast appears anywhere he likes. Perhaps he might be missing a particular lady from the Red Theater and got his ship to cross the spirit world to enter the waters around the Rorsted Archipelago, or perhaps Bayam happens to have the High-Sequence Beyonder ingredients of the Black Emperor pathway that attracted him... There's no way to directly link it to Hero Bandit Black Emperor.

Of course, Queen Mystic making such a connection isn't incomprehensible. Perhaps, when it comes to important clues, she follows the principle that it's better to be wrong than sorry. Heh, that's a good habit, but an exhausting one.

There's also a high chance that she didn't lock onto Gehrman Sparrow immediately. However, with the reputation of the crazy adventurer Gehrman Sparrow becoming more prominent in the Rorsted Archipelago waters and the City of Generosity Bayam, she matched the timing after hearing the name, and then she came to a preliminary conclusion.

Sigh, it's still better to keep a low profile in life. Thankfully, my acting has finally come to an end. Subsequently, I can make the identity of Gehrman Sparrow vanish! Klein ran through everything and felt that he had mostly understood the problem at its root.

However, he had another thought and guess.

It was the way Admiral of Stars Cattleya had received Gehrman Sparrow on her ship. She had done it in an ostentatious manner, as though she was afraid that it wasn't known to the world that the crazy adventurer was cooperating with her!

Perhaps she was deliberately leaving a clue. Queen Mystic later arrived and learned that it was Gehrman Sparrow. After tracing my movements at sea, she formed a theory. Rather than bluffing, she might actually have been fairly certain! With one hand in his pocket, Klein left the hall of murals and headed straight for Cattleya outside the black cloister, intending to question her while her mind remained muddled.

At this point, he had actually relaxed significantly. This was because Queen Mystic clearly only knew that Gehrman Sparrow was equivalent to Hero Bandit Black Emperor, and he was a Beyonder who worked for some important figure. It didn't involve even more secrets.

Even if she had connected the loss of the Black Emperor card that night to Detective Sherlock Moriarty who was nearby, that wouldn't be a huge problem.

Long ago, I established that Sherlock Moriarty was The World and, in turn, a Blessed of The Fool. Gehrman Sparrow is merely an extension of that identity. Heh heh, I prepared precisely for a situation like this. I've always believed that I shouldn't treat others as fools. As long as someone remains active, traces of their movements and social connections will eventually expose them. That's why I prepared this identity in advance for clever people and strictly adhered to its premise even in daily life.

And it is entirely reasonable for the Blessed of an important figure to possess a basic understanding of Roselle's diary. That falls well within the bounds of an ordinary bestowment from a special existence.

Heh, you probably never expected that there's a mask under the mask!

Amid these thoughts, Klein also felt that the gray fog's help and his own caution had played significant roles. If he hadn't noticed the surveillance in advance and instinctively followed his intuition, he might have summoned the messenger under Queen Mystic's watch.

The messenger alone might not expose anything, but Queen Mystic might have a way to track it and find Mr. Azik. From his recent appearances, she might then uncover my identity as Klein Moretti... Klein crossed a square filled with numerous giant arrows, walked out of the black cloister, and saw Cattleya sitting there with her knees hugged to her chest, just as before. She was staring at the beautiful sunset.

Klein leaped onto the boulder and came to the side of the withered trees. He looked at the magnificent buildings on the opposite mountain and said in a seemingly normal manner, "At Nas, you showcased the star bridge to connect the dock to the ship. Were there any hidden motives behind that?"

Cattleya's head leaned to the side a little as she said, "I'm not telling you!"

Klein was momentarily at a loss.

He had imagined that the Admiral of Stars would be very forthcoming in the dream world. He had never expected this response. Of course, this too was a form of honesty, one true to her personality.

After two seconds of silence, Klein decided to pull a bluff.

"You wished to use this method to inform someone that I'm worthy of attention?"

Cattleya exhaled and remained sitting there, hugging her knees.

"Pretty much.

"It was mainly to tell others that if something serious happens or if I show obvious abnormalities, you will be the first clue."

As expected... Klein sighed inwardly.

He knew that the Admiral of Stars had resorted to such a petty trick to protect herself, but as The Fool, he needed to punish her for it.

However, I can't make an issue of this alone. It would make The Fool appear overly protective of "His" Blessed, which would be beneath "His" status... Yes, the Admiral of Stars must've done more than this. I can tally all these actions together and punish her for them... Klein quickly made up his mind. He was no longer as flustered by what he had encountered in this dream world.

As for Queen Mystic's suggestion, he didn't even consider it.

Emperor Roselle's diary contained matters of his transmigration and Earth. If he taught Queen Mystic how to read Chinese, she would discover this point and make even more critical guesses!

She must have reservations about the important figure who can casually lend out the Sea God Scepter, so she won't take forceful action. If I truly need her help, or if she gains leverage over me, I can agree to translate a few important pages of the diary that interest her. But I definitely won't teach her Chinese. Yes, even my translations will be diluted with synonyms. I only need to preserve the main points; that way, she can't reverse-engineer the language... Klein retracted his gaze and casually asked Cattleya, "Rumor has it that you and Queen Mystic had a falling-out, but that doesn't seem to be the case?"

Cattleya's glazed expression suddenly had a lively change. She pursed her lips and said, "What right do I have to fall out with her?

"I was just banished."

Banished... Klein was just about to ask when blinding sunlight beamed as he naturally woke up.

Looking at the bright sky outside, he wiped his forehead and muttered silently to himself.

What a terrifying dream.

After dealing with his wistfulness, Klein rolled off the bed and came to the deck. He continued his observation and awaited the appearance of mermaids.

Nearly an hour later, he finally heard a faint, indistinct voice coming from the distance.

Chapter 664: Every Second Counts

Mermaids? Klein felt delighted as anticipation and excitement filled him.

After nearly four months away from Backlund and a long succession of ordeals, he had finally reached his destination. He could now fulfill the last condition for advancing to Sequence 5: Marionettist!

Ever since entering these waters, the strain of waiting had steadily worsened his irritability and frustration. The absurd and amusing events aboard the Future, the incidents that became unusually terrifying upon reflection, and the dangers and unknowns hidden within the nights, noons, and dreams of the ruins of this war of gods had wound his nerves ever tighter. Every minute and every hour had been torment.

Now, the pressure from these emotions finally had a chance of being released!

Phew... Klein slowly heaved a sigh of relief. He directly returned to the cabin and entered the room that belonged to him.

Without panicking or letting joy go to his head, he followed his planned sequence and took out Azik's copper whistle and Will Auceptin's paper crane to interfere with any possible surveillance by Queen Mystic.

He took the remnant spirituality of ancient wraiths, a pair of eyes from a six-winged gargoyle, drago bark, and a metal bottle containing water from Sonia Island's Golden Spring out of his suitcase and arranged them across the desk. Then he entered the bathroom, locked the door, and expertly set up the bestowment ritual.

After setting up the ritual, he wasn't in a rush to go above the gray fog to respond to the prayer. Instead, he set up another ritual of summoning himself!

While taking four steps counterclockwise and chanting the incantation, Klein arrived above the gray fog. He responded to the summoning ritual and used his Spirit Body state to come to the real world. He then brought Tinder back to the mysterious space.

After doing all of that, Klein didn't relax. He came to the seat of The Fool, conjured a pen and paper, and quickly wrote the divination statement: "The singing ahead comes from mermaids."

Taking off his topaz pendant, he used divination to confirm the situation.

The singing ahead of the Future was from mermaids!

After calming his emotions, Klein summoned the iron cigar case from the junk pile and made it land on the ancient, mottled bronze table.

With a snapping sound, he opened the lid and saw the pupil-less All-Black Eye sitting there in silence. He could sense the extreme madness and danger from it, but it appeared to be in deep slumber.

After observing it for two seconds, Klein took out Tinder and slowly wore it on his right hand.

After completing all this, Klein reached out his right hand and spread his fingers without hesitation.

All kinds of motes of light surfaced before his eyes. Grayish-white, bronze-green, dark red, and black formed the foundation of this mysterious space.

Inside the All-Black Eye, an iron-black beam flared and thrashed amid the other colors.

Without using his spiritual intuition, Klein knew with certainty through his understanding of objects that the True Creator's mental corruption was represented by this iron-black light!

Feeling extremely wary, he closed his fingers and grabbed at the target before turning his wrist.

The iron-black light was instantly extracted and fused with Tinder. Immediately, the familiar illusory, evil, terrifying, and indescribable ravings boomed in his ears.

They shattered his train of thought and ground against his psyche, bringing a splitting pain to his brain, but the gray fog's power soon suppressed them into complete silence.

Klein didn't think further. Following the plan he had rehearsed countless times, he grabbed Tinder with his left hand, pulled it off, and threw it onto the stone floor of the magnificent palace.

Immediately afterward, Klein grabbed the All-Black Eye, which was now completely purified. He quickly responded to the bestowment ritual and passed the Marionettist Beyonder characteristic through the illusory door to the altar in the bathroom.

He didn't dare delay any further. He merely glanced at Tinder, which now exuded evil and was stained iron-black, its fingers twisting and its palm cracking open. Then he enveloped himself in spirituality and simulated a plummeting sensation to return to the real world.

Klein opened his eyes, grabbed the All-Black Eye from the altar, and ran into his room. As he did so, a thought occurred to him. If I let Creeping Hunger watch what happens to Tinder, I wonder what it would think...

Upon reaching the desk, Klein took out an iron pot that belonged to the Future and poured eighty milliliters of water from Sonia Island's Golden Spring into it.

As the pale gold liquid slowly spread out in a clear and transparent state, it made him subconsciously feel thirsty, as if he wished to drink a cup of it to quench his thirst.

Klein threw in the drago bark, the six-winged gargoyle's eyes, and the remnant spirituality of an ancient wraith, each producing a different reaction. Finally, the potion turned pale gold and looked ethereal, as though weightless.

At this critical juncture, Klein became abnormally calm instead. He steadily picked up the pupil-less black eye and dropped it into the potion.

He had already confirmed that the True Creator's mental corruption hadn't penetrated the gray fog or returned inside the All-Black Eye!

And this was something he had expected.

The All-Black Eye was instantly submerged by the pale gold liquid as the surface began bubbling.

Every bursting bubble made the potion turn blacker. About ten seconds later, all the changes came to a halt.

The potion in the pot had become a completely black liquid. It seemed to contain countless tiny, squirming worms invisible to the naked eye.

Klein took out a gold coin and made a quick divination as a confirmation.

After receiving a revelation confirming success, he heaved a sigh of relief, poured the Marionettist potion into a prepared metal bottle, and slipped it into his pocket.

He neither panicked nor rushed. Following his planned procedure, he quickly cleared the altar in the bathroom and retrieved Azik's copper whistle and Will Auceptin's paper crane.

At this point, he walked out of the cabin and onto the deck.

At that moment, the symbols and magical markings on the Future had lit up once again, forming a resplendent sea of stars that significantly muffled the mermaids' singing.

Rumors claimed that the singing of mermaids could make humans lose their reasoning and turn irrational. They would then jump off their ships to become food for the mermaids.

Klein subconsciously nodded at the window corresponding to the captain's cabin.

Admiral of Stars was standing there as her body swirled with starlight. The gaze she sent back at him appeared mixed.

Have you remembered what you said and how you acted in the dream? Klein lampooned. Maintaining a calm expression, he said, "I need a dinghy."

"It has already been prepared." Cattleya pointed toward the gunwale without any sign of surprise.

Gehrman Sparrow had mentioned that his purpose was to seek out mermaids back when he hired the Future!

Soon, Klein left the Future and the protection of the resplendent sea of stars. He headed into the ocean on his tiny dinghy.

As the singing grew louder, the voices seemed to burrow into his Spirit Body, numbing him and making him long to hear more.

This was far from sufficient for Klein. Besides, his spiritual intuition told him that he needed to be closer to make the singing clearer so as to satisfy the requirements of the ritual.

"Storm!"

Klein took out a charm made of tin, and he summoned a controllable gale that could push the dinghy ahead.

After an unknown period, the mermaids' singing grew louder. Their voices were so clear that they seemed to be singing softly beside Klein's ears. Every note stirred his Spirit Body, and the melody was intoxicating.

Klein felt his mind drift, and he nearly jumped into the sea and swam toward the source of the melodic singing.

He did his best to control himself and spotted numerous reefs ahead. Figures sat along their edges, singing.

These human-headed creatures possessed a certain beauty, with clear, innocent eyes. Their prominent breasts were covered in dark red scales, while the lower halves of their bodies consisted of massive fishtails that rhythmically struck the reefs.

The mermaids differed in appearance and scale color. From a human perspective, each possessed a distinct kind of beauty.

Klein relinquished his control of the dinghy, raised his right hand, and reached into his pocket for the potion.

At that moment, the mermaids sensed his approach and looked over.

Then, these creatures, who were also known as sirens, stopped singing out of shock. All of them leaped into the water with a splash.

Don't go... Klein feebly reached out with his right hand.

Isn't your singing supposed to lure humans here as food? Why are you fleeing when a human actually arrives? I'm not a bad person. I only came to hear you sing... At that moment, Klein's heart was filled with a resounding, What the fuck?

He soon discovered that the mermaids' singing hadn't stopped entirely. Farther along the reefs, a few mermaids had their backs to him. Because of the howling wind, they hadn't noticed their companions fleeing and continued singing without concern.

Klein's mind stirred as he thought for a moment and took out a charm.

This was the charm from the Sea God domain that gave the user affinity with underwater creatures!

"Storm!"

Amidst the incantation, blue flames enveloped the tin plate, making it vanish from the real world.

Although the remaining mermaids noticed him, they didn't flee in fear. Immediately, Klein took out the metal bottle containing the Marionettist potion and unscrewed the lid.

He made every second count so as to prevent any mishaps!

As he gulped down the somewhat bitter, musty potion, it flowed through his throat and into his stomach.

Suddenly, Klein found himself abnormally stiff. He felt as though he had returned to Tingen, back when he was being controlled by the strange puppet known as Sealed Artifact 2-049.

He tried moving his joints, but he felt as though they were filled with lead.

At the same time, he felt that tiny worms were boring into every one of his cells and into his Spirit Body.

His thoughts slowed as his mind registered the gradual loss of control over his body.

The mermaids' singing drifted over, stirring his desires and accumulated fanaticism and infatuation, allowing Klein to cling to the last remnants of his emotions. Through this temptation, he slowly escaped his petrified state.

A grayish-white fog quickly surfaced before his eyes as he heard the illusory ravings of "Hornacis... Flegrea... Hornacis... Flegrea..." Compared to his advancement to a Seer, Clown, and Magician, these ravings appeared staccato, as though they were being disrupted by something.

It's different from when I became a Faceless. The ravings are clearly much stronger. It can intermittently break through the obstacles produced from the fusion of the powers of the gray fog and reality... I can think again! Klein was delighted as he attempted to raise his arm.

His joints still felt heavy, but the feeling was weakening!

At the same time, Klein "saw" his present appearance.

His skin was yellowish-brown, like a puppet that had been buried alive for years with old bandages.

Fleshy tendrils were hidden beneath his skin as they squirmed, separated, and fused.

Klein immediately outlined the countless spherical lights in his mind, and he used Cogitation to calm his present state.

Throughout the process, the mermaids' singing continued to reverberate in his ears. His joints and muscles began to twitch, and the numbness slowly receded.

After an unknown period of time, Klein opened his eyes, his body having completely restored to normal.

He took a deep breath and silently sighed.

Finally...

I'm finally a Sequence 5!

I'm finally a Marionettist!

Chapter 665: Spirit Body Threads

Under the brilliant sunlight, the sea shone gold. Countless illusory black lines were reflected in the depths of Klein's eyes.

They extended from the nearby mermaids, from his own body, and from various points throughout the surrounding waters. Innumerable fine threads crowded his vision, each corresponding to a different place. Some stretched infinitely far, to the very edge of the void.

This strange, beautiful sight wasn't unfamiliar to Klein. On the few occasions when he had used the All-Black Eye's powers, including to create the fake World, he had seen similar scenes.

This was the source of a Marionettist's Beyonder powers!

According to the knowledge he had obtained from the potion, these illusory, thin black threads were known as Spirit Body Threads. By controlling them, one could directly influence a target's Soul Body, Astral Projection, Body of Heart and Mind, and Ether Body. Then, using the Ether Body as a bridge, one could control the target's physical body.

Thus, every Beyonder power of a Marionettist was founded upon Spirit Body Threads.

First, a Marionettist could locate hidden targets through the Spirit Body Threads present in every living creature. This was the best counter to a Demoness's invisibility and a Shadow Ascetic's concealment in shadows. Of course, Klein didn't know whether there were ways to hide one's Spirit Body Threads.

Second, a Marionettist could control a target like a puppet, slowing their thoughts and stiffening their body. This was a form of forceful control that was nearly impossible to defend against. Escaping it depended entirely on the strength of one's Spirit Body. A Sequence 5 Marionettist could control anyone below the demigod level with little difficulty.

Third, the control would deepen over time until the Marionettist had completely transformed the target into a marionette. Within a certain range, the Marionettist could remain behind the scenes and control the marionette in battle. The marionette could even use all its original Beyonder powers!

This is truly magical, terrifying, strange, and indescribable. It's the perfect thing for someone working behind the scenes. It's no wonder Rosago claimed that the control of Spirit Body Threads is one of the most difficult abilities to deal with for anyone that isn't a High-Sequence Beyonder...

But it requires time. Control cannot be instantly achieved. It requires a process that deepens with each step until it's ultimately achieved. To obtain initial control, the present me needs 20 seconds. But with the digestion of the potion, the time needed will clearly decrease. Once my Marionettist potion completely digests, I might be able to do it within five seconds. Yes, before the effects show, the target wouldn't even notice it. Perhaps those with prophetic abilities might be able to detect it...

Once initial control of a target is achieved, their thoughts will immediately slow, their movements will be hindered, and their body will stiffen. Then, bit by bit, they will turn into a puppet, a marionette. If a Marionettist has a partner, this process makes it easy to finish off a forcibly controlled target. Yes, if the enemy's Spirit Body isn't strong enough, the Marionettist will even have enough strength left to draw a gun or use a mystical item in concert with the control.

If the controlling process isn't disrupted by an external force, the target will become my marionette after five minutes. In a sense, the marionette is truly dead and the process is completely irreversible. Once the potion is completely digested, the time it takes to convert someone into a marionette will definitely be greatly shortened.

At present, I can control only one marionette. I can't be sure how many I'll control in the future, but the number will definitely increase. The apparent upper limit is three.

Not only does this require time, but it is also restricted by distance. I can only see Spirit Body Threads within a hundred meters, and I need to be within five meters of a target to control them...

When controlling a marionette, I cannot be more than a hundred meters away from it. I'm sure that range will increase in the future.

Heh, besides retaining its Beyonder powers, a marionette can use mystical items and Sealed Artifacts normally. Furthermore, it expends its own spirituality rather than mine. Of course, controlling the marionette still consumes my spirituality.

This ability suits me very well. In an extremely dangerous situation where I have no choice but to investigate, I can send the marionette in my place. Losing it would be painful, but that's better than dying myself. Heh heh, when Marionettist Rosago came to deal with me, he must've just completed another operation and lost his marionette in the process. Yes, he probably hadn't fully digested the Marionettist potion. That's why he couldn't establish initial control while waiting for me to open the door and had to come inside to converse with me.

In short, this truly lives up to a Sequence 5 Beyonder power! Furthermore, my previous Beyonder powers have also been enhanced by fifty percent or more...

I'm really looking forward to knowing what kind of qualitative changes I'll experience when I reach Sequence 4 when possessing so many strange powers. Sigh, I don't even know what its name is... Klein ended the inspection of his body and reflected wistfully.

Drawing on his experience setting activation and deactivation methods for Spirit Vision, he imposed a similar restriction on his ability to see Spirit Body Threads so he wouldn't see things he shouldn't.

Activating by tapping my left thumb twice on the first segment of my index finger. Repeating the action deactivates it. Same for the right hand... He reined in his thoughts and looked ahead, and he saw that the remaining mermaids had turned around and were looking at him with watery blue eyes.

At the thought that he would've lost control and become a Sealed Artifact akin to 2-049 without their singing or this simple ritual, Klein gave them a friendly smile.

Affected by the charm, the mermaids also moved their lips and showed a somewhat embarrassed smile.

As their pale purple or deep red lips parted, Klein saw rows of teeth as sharp as a wolf's fangs. They gleamed white, with viscous fluid dripping from them.

Klein was taken aback. He discovered that this was even more unacceptable for him than a real monster.

He had mentally prepared himself by thinking of mermaids as creatures that lived in the sea. Therefore, no matter how bizarre or terrifying they looked, he believed he could tolerate it. However, this exceeded his expectations. On the surface, mermaids were clearly beautiful and alluring women, and even their tails possessed an exotic beauty, yet their teeth were hideous and repulsive. Klein found the stark contrast almost unbearable and nearly looked away.

Waving his hand, he quickly took out a charm from the Sea God domain and created another gale of wind to push his dinghy back to the Future.

Along the way, Klein couldn't help but recollect the feelings he just had.

So the mermaids' singing is meant to neutralize and balance the potion's effects. Otherwise, most Faceless would be unable to withstand the Marionettist potion's corrosion of their Spirit Body Threads and would lose control immediately. Heh. Lucky exceptions like Kalvetua don't count. Perhaps its relative weakness was precisely due to the lack of a ritual.

In theory, any voice or Beyonder power with similar effects could replace a mermaid's song, but those who hadn't personally experienced it would be unable to distinguish the minute differences. Therefore, High-Sequence Beyonders outside the Seer pathway would find it difficult to offer effective guidance.

Amidst his thoughts, the dinghy returned to the Future. With a rope, Klein easily returned to the deck.

Anderson Hood stood by the gunwale and chuckled.

"So your search of mermaids was a requirement of a ritual, and not because you wish to obtain the corresponding ingredients."

"That's obvious," Klein succinctly replied.

Anderson shrugged and said, "No, it's not. A normal person will guess that mermaids are the ingredients you need, as this doesn't match the rituals needed by a Sequence 4. But who knew that Adventurer Gehrman Sparrow, who was at the level of a pirate admiral, was only a Sequence 6."

What do you mean "only?" Klein resisted the urge of controlling Anderson's Spirit Body Threads.

Ignoring the Strongest Hunter who automatically had a provocative halo, he entered the cabin and returned to his room.

Just as he approached the captain's cabin, he heard a creak as the door before him opened.

Cattleya didn't wear her heavy glasses. She looked at Gehrman Sparrow as the dark purple hue in her eyes swirled.

"Congratulations on your advancement.

"P-previously in the dream, did I say something?"

"You know what you said," Klein replied expressionlessly.

Cattleya fell silent for two seconds before saying, "You questioned me about my relationship with Queen Mystic?"

As she spoke, she couldn't help but look around.

She guessed that Queen Mystic might be on the Future because of my rather sudden question? I really have to be careful when conversing with a smart person... Klein nodded, walked past her and returned to his room, leaving the corridor in silence.

Only after he opened the door and stepped inside did he hear Cattleya's voice ring out from the captain's cabin and reverberate throughout the ship.

"Set sail for the return voyage."

Inside the room, Klein waited a few minutes before reentering the bathroom. He set up the ritual again and threw Creeping Hunger, which was turning more irascible due to the lack of food, above the gray fog.

After doing this, he wasn't in a rush to leave. He summoned the distorted iron-black Tinder and made it land before him.

After studying it for a moment, Klein placed Tinder inside the iron cigar case and threw it into the junk pile.

Although this expensive glove was now unusable, Klein was certain even trash could still prove useful.

Immediately following that, he slowly took off the already silent Creeping Hunger, and he similarly placed it into the junk pile.

Phew... Klein remained silent for two seconds before leaving the palace that looked like a giant's residence, and then he ventured deep into the mysterious space above the gray fog.

From his previous exploration, he discovered a bright staircase that seemed to lead to heaven. He suspected that the number of steps had something to do with his Sequence; therefore, he immediately came here to confirm it after he advanced.

After walking for a while, Klein finally saw the sacred staircase made of pure light. It had gained another step, bringing the total to five.

Indeed... Klein sighed, unsurprised.

Then, he climbed up the staircase that appeared to be prepared for giants and arrived at the top.

At that moment, he wasn't that far from the gray fog which was hardened in midair. He seemed to just need one more step to reach that height.

Klein subconsciously looked up and seemed to see something.

Chapter 666: Afternoon Town

That's... Klein's eyes reflected a nearly transparent object.

It resembled some creature's carapace, occasionally contracting and vanishing from Klein's sight, then peeking out under the influence of an invisible wind and revealing part of its outline.

Using it as an anchor and looking farther upward, he saw patches of green so dark they were nearly black, standing there in silence.

They look like the colors of the trees of a dark forest... Klein mumbled without imagining what the object of those colors signified. All he could do was boldly guess that it had something to do with gaining a deeper control of the mysterious space above the gray fog.

Without attempting anything destined to be futile, he jumped down from the staircase that seemed to lead to heaven and passed back into the palace.

With the existence of Queen Mystic in mind, Klein did some simple tidying up before leaving the gray fog and returning to his bathroom.

After tying up the loose ends, he walked to his suitcase, took out the Sun Brooch, and wore it on his double-breasted frock coat.

After all the turmoil he had endured, the mystical items available to him had returned to the same state as when he was in Backlund. However, he was now a Sequence 5 and possessed one of the most troublesome powers below the demigod level. In the truest sense of the word, he was now a powerhouse in the Beyonder world.

I should be thrilled and elated, but I'm not. I'm not even as excited as I was when I found the mermaids... That's because I've merely taken another step along the road to revenge. The goal I truly wish to achieve remains far away...

Next, I should summarize the acting principles, digest the Marionettist potion, and seek the corresponding Sequence 4 formula and ingredients. Yes, I can only do all this after leaving these waters. I'll ask Mr. Azik, Will Auceptin, and Arrodes for advice...

Heh heh, I should relax for the next few days. Remaining this tense might cause me to break down and exhibit signs of losing control... Klein turned toward the full-length mirror in his room. The man reflected there stood 1.8 meters tall, with black hair, brown eyes, a lean face, and sharply defined features. He wore a white shirt, a suit and bow tie, a top hat, and a pale gold Sunbird brooch. His expression was calm, his gaze deep and dark.

After looking at this in silence, he raised his hands and adjusted the buttons at his cuffs and patted his black suit.

Lightning streaked across the sky, illuminating the stacked, dark buildings ahead.

Demon Hunter Colin Iliad, with two swords on his back, pointed ahead and said, "That's Afternoon Town."

He combed his grizzled hair that was flying about in the wind that swept through the wilderness.

That's fast... With his Axe of Hurricane in hand, Derrick sighed wistfully in surprise.

He soon realized that this was reasonable. After all, the Giant King's Court was located somewhere near the City of Silver, and Afternoon Town was the junction connecting the two.

In the lightning that illuminated the night sky, he clearly saw Afternoon Town in its entirety. Built at the foot of a mountain, it was naturally divided into upper and lower levels. Despite being called a town, it wasn't much smaller than most of the ruined cities discovered by the City of Silver.

Here, gray stone had been stacked into buildings of varying shapes. Some were hollow structures nearly ten meters tall. Others resembled Derrick's current residence and were so low that an ordinary person might strike their head on the ceiling.

The buildings were densely packed near the center and spread out toward the edges. Some had collapsed, while others remained standing despite showing signs of age and wear.

It's completely different from what's described in the textbooks... Derrick suddenly recalled the knowledge he had learned from his history lessons.

According to the City of Silver's records, Afternoon Town was the gateway separating reality from myth, a place where humans and giants had lived together. Day and night had existed here, but most of the daytime remained fixed at "noon." Neither fog, storms, nor snow could blot out the intense sunlight. Yet now, the town was dark and oppressive. Even when illuminated, it held no sense of brightness and showed no sign of life.

Clenching his axe tightly, Derrick, whose eyes had two miniature suns, was on the flanks of the exploration team. He followed Chief Colin into Afternoon Town.

This area had been cleared once on the first exploration. The streets were covered with signs of rotting flesh and dry pus. It was completely silent.

"Be careful. Many strange monsters lurk in the darkness." The scar-faced Colin Iliad remained on guard. He drew one of his two swords as its silver light contracted.

This is the gateway to myth? When the Creator abandoned this land, were even the myths abandoned? Derrick couldn't help imagining what Afternoon Town had experienced during the Cataclysm. He instinctively felt that it had probably differed from the Kingdom of Silver.

Before he could carefully observe his surroundings in search of possible clues, he suddenly heard a teammate on the other flank anxiously cry out, "There's something!"

Derrick turned his head and saw a transparent face growing out of the wall of a ten-meter-tall stone building.

The face was filled with countless cracks. With great regularity, they spiraled around the center, forming a single eye or mouth that resembled a vortex.

The hurricane within the vortex took on physical form and spewed out with a howl. Dense, dawn-like radiance shot from within like arrows of light.

Bam! Bam! Bam!

They struck several members of the exploration team, but it was as though they had hit thick city walls. They produced only a rapid series of dull thuds before vanishing into the darkness.

At some point, the City of Silver's Chief, Colin Iliad, had dropped to one knee and thrust his silver sword into the rotting gray ground.

He had provided the front row with the strongest protection!

At the same time, the other members of the exploration team methodically unleashed their attacks. Hurricanes of light and scarlet fireballs struck the monster.

Immediately afterward, the holy light Derrick summoned struck the vortex resembling a single eye.

Amidst the explosive boom, the boulder, which was originally covered in cracks, collapsed. A transparent face screamed as it vaporized.

Although the battle had been simple, Derrick felt no joy. He had heard Mr. Hanged Man and Miss Justice discuss Beyonder battles. Comparing their accounts with the City of Silver's accumulated experience fighting all kinds of monsters from the darkness, he had reached a troubling realization: the City of Silver had access to only a limited number of pathways, and those below the demigod level lacked effective control abilities. The recent battle proved it.

Thankfully, the Sealed Artifacts formed when monsters die can compensate for this... Derrick thought as he heard the Chief order, "Proceed according to plan. Form groups of three or four. Search and clear the different areas."

"Yes, Chief!" Most members of the exploration team were highly experienced, and they quickly formed their groups.

Derrick's group consisted of three people. Besides him, there were Joshua and Haim, who had accompanied him to the abandoned temple. The former was a Sequence 7 Weapon Master with a mystical glove capable of controlling fire. The latter was a newly advanced Sequence 6 Dawn Paladin who stood 2.3 meters tall.

The City of Silver, which had Warriors--also known as the Giant pathway--as the main force, had an average height of 1.8 meters (including children above the age of 6). Even if the Beyonder characteristics were inherited, the normal genes that were modified had accumulated with each generation. Although Derrick wasn't old, he was nearly 1.8 meters tall and still had room to grow.

Following their assigned route, Derrick, Joshua, and Haim entered an alley on the left in a triangular battle formation. They inspected every building that could still be entered.

Perhaps as a result of the former sweep, they didn't encounter any monsters. They couldn't help but feel a little relieved.

"Rumor has it that the six-member council plans to set up camp here and make Afternoon Town a stronghold," Joshua, who was wearing a scarlet glove on his left palm, said after observing the buildings.

Haim nodded and looked down at his two partners.

"The true target seems to be..."

He pointed diagonally upward.

"The Giant King's Court?" Derrick asked in surprise.

Isn't it a search for the sea where Jack and company came from? Don't we need to circle the Giant King's Court? Derrick was filled with puzzlement.

Haim shook his head.

"I've only heard rumors."

He swept his gaze and pointed at the entrance to the underground chamber.

"Let's finish our search here."

Derrick answered tersely. With his night vision and ability to emit light, he wasn't afraid of the darkness as he stepped into the underground chamber first. Haim lifted an animal hide lantern while Joshua followed closely in tow.

The building's underground chamber was rather spacious, with traces of dried, blackened pools. Despite the many years that had passed, the smell of blood lingered.

Derrick surveyed the area and suspected that a sacrificial ritual had once been held here.

A very, very long time ago... he silently added and discovered a candle left on the stone table which resembled an altar. He felt more certain about his guesses.

Why would Afternoon Town's residents secretly hold sacrificial rituals in an underground chamber? When the Giant King's Court ruled, they believed in the Giant King. Later, they came under the Lord who created everything... Did the owner of this building secretly worship other gods? Questions arose in Derrick's mind as he approached the altar. He saw that words had once been carved into the stone table, but natural or unnatural forces had damaged them.

After some careful identification, Derrick found three names:

"Ouroboros;

"Medici;

"Sasrir."

Ouroboros? Isn't that the name of the Angel of Fate? Mr. Fool mentioned before that Medici is also a King of Angels. Sasrir is another one? Derrick suddenly felt excited and horrified as he hurriedly turned his head to shout out for his companions to take a look.

But in his vision, the underground chamber was empty. There was only darkness. Haim and Joshua who were supposed to be behind him were gone!

Chapter 667: Prayer

They're gone?

There's only darkness?

Faced with this sudden change, Derrick's first reaction wasn't horror. Instead, he clasped his hands and pressed them to his mouth.

Pure light radiated from his body, dispersing the surrounding darkness and illuminating every corner of the underground chamber.

In Derrick's living environment, darkness was the most terrifying existence. Once they left the City of Silver, they had to constantly maintain the existence of light. Even a brief loss of light couldn't last for more than five seconds.

When Derrick first joined the exploration teams and lacked experience, he had nearly killed himself because of such a mistake. Thankfully, the Chief was standing nearby.

As the light slowly and continuously radiated from him, Derrick raised his tightly-gripped Axe of Hurricane and carefully observed his surroundings.

He discovered that not only had Haim and Joshua, the teammates who had entered the underground chamber with him, vanished, but the stone slabs and tufts of black hair on the walls had somehow turned blood-red. They were wet, as though freshly sprayed with blood.

Well versed in exploration records, Derrick calmed down and realized something. The problem didn't lie with Haim or Joshua, but with him!

All I did was approach the altar and silently read three names... Typically speaking, even angels will require someone to read or write down an accurate honorific name in its complete form before they can receive "prayers." And it's supposedly limited by range... I wonder if the Kings of Angels require the same conditions...

Uh, was one of those three names the key to activating the altar's hidden powers? Did I trigger it by reading in Jotun, a language capable of stirring the powers of nature? No, that isn't right. It would need to be spoken aloud. Even if these are the true names of Kings of Angels, I've never encountered such a problem before... Anxious and perplexed, Derrick turned around and returned to the stone table at the altar.

He was surprised to see that the words and symbols on the stone table were a lot more complete and clearer than before. It was as though the host of the ritual had just drawn it.

The words were written in three languages. They were in Jotun, Dragonese, and a language that Derrick couldn't recognize. However, he suspected that it was the ancient Hermes previously mentioned by Miss Justice and Mr. Hanged Man. This was because he had a basic understanding of some words from the conversations during the Tarot Gathering. They were rather similar to the words used on the stone table.

The Jotun and Dragonese conveyed identical content, repeating the three names and their corresponding titles.

Angel of Fate, Ouroboros;

Red Angel, Medici;

Dark Angel, Sasrir.

Following these names and titles was an entity Derrick was very familiar with.

Rose Redemption!

Sasrir really is a King of Angels known as Dark Angel. Are "He," the Angel of Fate, and the Red Angel the founders of Rose Redemption? I wonder whether Mr. Fool knows anything about "Him"... "He" definitely knows a great deal... The ancient Hermes likely conveys the same content... Even after Afternoon Town converted to the faith of the Lord who created everything, some residents secretly worshiped the three Kings of Angels beside the Lord... At this thought, a chill ran down Derrick's back. He felt as though he were approaching the reason the Creator had abandoned this land.

When he looked up again, he saw that the walls remained red, but Haim and Joshua were still nowhere to be seen.

Silently repeating them did nothing. Perhaps the names have no effect on their own... Derrick drew a breath and raised his Axe of Hurricane. He carefully walked toward the entrance, hoping to trace the problem to its source and determine what had caused his present situation.

One step, two steps, three steps. Like a gigantic candle, he returned to the hall upstairs.

There were rich shadows here, making it gloomy and eerily silent. The rotting chairs and the remnants of stone tables remained sitting there in silence, no different from before.

Unable to find Joshua and Haim, Derrick could only walk tensely toward the window, hoping to spot other members of the exploration team.

Thud... Thud... Amidst light footstep sounds, he approached a huge hole that should've been a window sill. He leaned forward and looked outside.

Countless dark buildings, some tall and some short, extended outward like steps.

Lightning flashed only rarely in the sky, while candlelight shone from many windows. The dim yellow flames danced without going out.

This... Derrick couldn't help but swallow a mouthful of saliva. He felt as though all the residents were still living in peace just before Afternoon Town encountered its cataclysm.

Haim, who was carrying an animal hide lantern, didn't need to bend his back to enter the underground chamber. He jokingly said to Joshua, "This house must belong to a human, but their family definitely has giant's bloodline in them. They're probably my height. Tsk, the last time we went to that ruined city, we had to bow our heads when using the main doors!"

Having a giant's bloodline didn't necessarily mean actual giant blood flowed through one's veins. Instead, it referred to physical traits inherited by descendants because their ancestors had consumed potions of that pathway. Great height was one such manifestation.

Joshua looked up at Haim and scoffed.

"That was you. I didn't need to."

"But it won't be long before you can advance. When the time comes, you won't be any shorter than me," Haim said with a smile, watching Derrick out of the corner of his eye to guard against any accidents as he approached the altar.

Joshua thought before saying, "Actually, I'm very curious. Chief is a Sequence 4 Demon Hunter. He should be like an ordinary giant with a height of three to four meters. Why does he look very ordinary, with him being only half a head taller than me?"

Haim subconsciously surveyed the area and said, "Rumor has it the Chief has a giant form."

"A giant form? Will his clothes tear when he becomes a giant?" Joshua asked with a laugh.

"Unless his clothes and pants are mystical items." Haim and Joshua exchanged a knowing smile.

They were just about to turn their heads to share the joke with Derrick when they realized that the youth was gone!

Derrick, who should've been standing before the altar, had vanished!

Haim's and Joshua's expressions instantly turned grave. One raised his massive broadsword while the other lifted his red-gloved left hand.

They carefully approached the altar and inspected it, but found nothing suspicious.

Joshua was just about to attempt to identify the words on the stone table when Haim patted him on the shoulder.

"Don't look at it. I just recalled that Derrick was looking at those words before he vanished.

"Let's bring the Chief here."

"Okay." Joshua nodded.

They didn't leave in a panic. After surveying their surroundings, one of them rubbed his index finger against his middle finger and lit the candle remaining on the altar.

This was to protect Derrick so as to prevent him from falling into true darkness!

City of Silver exploration teams had encountered similar situations in ruined cities before. A teammate might appear to vanish suddenly when some power had actually concealed them. They remained where they were, but their companions, eager to seek help, would leave with the lanterns. The unfortunate person would then be devoured by true darkness, never to be found again. If another teammate hadn't later experienced the same situation and been rescued on the spot, no one would have learned the true cause of the earlier victim's death.

Once the candle was lit, dim yellow light spread outward. Haim and Joshua immediately left, reached the alley, and released the spiritual signal carried by every team member.

They didn't wait long before Colin Iliad leaped from the roof of another building and landed firmly before them.

"What happened?" the Demon Hunter asked in a deep voice.

The silver sword in his hand was already covered with a layer of light gray oil.

Haim immediately recounted what had happened. Finally, he said, "We couldn't determine why Derrick disappeared."

Derrick... Colin nodded in thought, walked past them, and headed straight into the corresponding building.

Despite the candlelight outside and its warm yellow glow, Derrick felt as though he had fallen into a frozen abyss. A chill spread from the depths of his heart.

He clenched the Axe of Hurricane in his right hand and withdrew his gaze from the town. Turning around, he returned to the underground chamber and once again stood before the altar.

He had already determined that he was the one with the problem!

However, he didn't have the urge to explore the strange Afternoon Town. He didn't even dare open the door.

Derrick neither panicked nor showed any obvious agitation, because he didn't believe he had encountered anything too serious.

As long as it's not an immediate threat, it's nothing severe... Derrick took a silent breath, bowed his head, and reverently whispered, "The Fool that doesn't belong to this era.

"The mysterious ruler above the gray fog.

"The King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck..."

Klein, who had been admiring the scenery of the battlefield of the gods, had no choice but to enter the bathroom, arrange the items that would disrupt surveillance, and take four steps counterclockwise to ascend above the gray fog.

He sat in the high-backed chair at the end of the long bronze table, extended his right hand, and sent out his spirituality to touch the crimson star representing Little Sun.

Suddenly, the prayers became exceptionally clear as the corresponding scene appeared before Klein's eyes.

He first saw the still-hazy Little Sun, before discovering that the environment around him was abnormal!

An indescribable darkness swirled around The Sun, and eyes of various shapes watched him silently from within it.

The densely packed eyes hid in the darkness like unwelcome observers, entirely unnoticed by Little Sun.

Afternoon Town is that dangerous? Klein was very aware of what dear Sun was up to lately.

He thought for a moment and instinctively believed that the darkness was extremely strange and surreal. Therefore, he abandoned the option of using the Sea God Scepter to respond to Little Sun. Instead, he switched to pulling him up above the gray fog.

Klein extended his spirituality, but he felt as though the crimson star seemed to be in a quagmire, making it rather difficult for him to pull him over.

Which King of Angels has he run afoul of this time? With a thought, Klein caused the mysterious space and the gray fog beneath him to ripple.

After advancing to Sequence 5, he could stir some of the powers above the gray fog, without the use of the Black Emperor card and the corresponding rituals!

Silently, Klein easily completed transporting Derrick as his figure appeared on the high-back chair belonging to him.

Meanwhile, Klein saw the strange darkness swirling around Little Sun's body shatter.

The Demon Hunter entered the underground chamber on high alert, followed closely by Haim and Joshua.

They saw that in front of the dim yellow candlelight, Derrick Berg's figure was quickly outlined like a picture.

Chapter 668: Confidence Might Also Be a Weakness

Above the gray fog, within the palace supported by stone columns.

Derrick quickly repeated his encounter to Mr. Fool.

Dark Angel Sasrir... The names and titles of these Kings of Angels seem to have been washed away by the river of history. Almost no one knows them. If Little Sun hadn't discovered them in the Forsaken Land of the Gods, or if I hadn't personally encountered the ancient evil spirit suspected of being the Red Angel, I might not know of a single King of Angels. At most, I would've heard of the Amon family, with no way to investigate the Blasphemer further... Where is this Dark Angel now? Is "He" still alive? Is "He" still among the upper echelons of Rose Redemption? Klein felt wistful.

Afraid that Little Sun would ask him related questions that he couldn't answer, Klein instantly stopped his contemplations and leisurely leaned back into the chair and said, "You have been freed from your predicament. Your companions will soon find you."

Without giving Little Sun a chance to speak, he immediately severed the connection.

As for explaining himself if others noticed anything unusual, Klein disdained reminding Little Sun to fabricate an excuse.

To mysteriously disappear and then appear again, wasn't it very normal that all sorts of strange scenarios accompanied it?

At that moment, Derrick was very grateful that Mr. Fool hadn't asked any further questions. He feared that once he escaped the alternate Afternoon Town, he might be exposed to lethal darkness or hidden monsters. Therefore, he desperately wanted to regain control of his body as soon as possible and take the necessary precautions. However, had Mr. Fool truly asked a question, he still would've explained the situation earnestly and patiently.

With his consciousness returning to his body, Derrick rapidly recovered his senses.

When he opened his eyes, he saw a candle which was almost done burning. The wick's flame was wavering in the wind.

Immediately afterward, he discovered that the Chief had appeared beside him at some point. The tall Haim and the red-gloved Joshua stood warily two steps behind.

How long have they been watching me like that... Although Derrick had already thought of a reason above the gray fog, he still felt guilty and nervous.

Colin's wrinkled face was deadpan. He asked in a normal tone as he looked at Derrick Berg, "What did you encounter?"

Derrick didn't answer immediately, as that would make it seem as though he had already prepared an excuse. Using a trick taught by The Hanged Man, he deliberately paused for several seconds, then recounted the events haltingly as though recalling them: "After entering the underground chamber, I saw the altar. I suspected it was used for sacrifices, so I tried to identify the remaining words and symbols on it. I recognized three names. One of them was the Angel of Fate, Ouroboros... At that point, the lantern went out. When I turned around, Haim and Joshua had vanished. I created a light source and left the underground chamber, only to discover that outside was still... still Afternoon Town. However, candles were burning inside many buildings, as though... as though people still lived there.

"I didn't dare leave the building, so I returned to the underground chamber and tried to repeat what I had done. Uh, Chief, in that Afternoon Town, the words on the altar were far more complete. There were three languages in total: Jotun, Dragonese, and one I didn't recognize. The first two conveyed the same message: the names and titles of the three angels, as well as Rose Redemption...

"Later, I found myself back here."

Everything he said was true and comprehensive. He had only concealed how he returned.

Derrick had no hope of successfully deceiving the Chief. If pressed, he planned to act confused and attribute everything to an abnormality in his body that he didn't understand.

This will definitely make the Chief suspicious, but Mr. Hanged Man and Miss Justice of the Spectator pathway both said he wouldn't ask too many questions about such matters. If I appear abnormal, will he value me more highly? He'll view me as a chess piece capable of counterbalancing Elder Lovia... The outside world is so complicated. I've only recently come to understand their reasoning... Derrick couldn't help sighing inwardly.

In such a harsh environment, the loss of any measure of strength meant greater danger for the City of Silver. Internal conflict had been rare in the past, and what little there was had largely been confined to the six-member council. The first thing other Beyonders learned on patrols and expeditions was cooperation.

Colin nodded gently, walked to the altar, and attempted what Derrick described, but he didn't disappear as a result of this. He remained standing in his original spot.

"It appears the remnant power has already completed its mission," the Demon Hunter murmured to himself.

I didn't even need to fabricate an excuse... Derrick thought, feeling somewhat embarrassed.

Colin thought for a moment before turning his head to look at Derrick.

"What are the corresponding titles of Medici and Sasrir?"

"Red Angel and Dark Angel." Derrick was honest.

Colin nodded gently, seemingly in thought.

"A few books mention a Red Angel, but none associate the title with an actual name. As for Dark Angel Sasrir, 'He' has been completely lost to history."

Derrick was just about to take the opportunity to ask about the other Kings of Angels when he suddenly noticed that the candlelight in the underground chamber had dimmed, as though a shadow was surging in from outside.

"Let's leave this place for now," Demon Hunter Colin said cautiously, having sensed the same thing.

With the Axe of Hurricane in hand, Derrick immediately approached Haim and Joshua to form a battle formation with them.

Yet after taking only one step, he discovered that Haim had retreated two meters to the side while Joshua raised his red-gloved left hand. Neither tried to conceal his wariness, and both watched Derrick intently.

Derrick knew this was a perfectly normal reaction. Their exploration lessons taught them to remain observant and minimize contact with companions who had just escaped a strange situation!

And I haven't clearly explained how I escaped that strange Afternoon Town... Derrick opened his mouth in a bid to explain, but he closed his mouth in silence again.

He felt ashamed and aggrieved as he pursed his lips. Holding the Axe of Hurricane, he turned and followed the Chief, taking one step at a time before leaving the underground chamber.

The quartet soon reached the entrance and prepared to leave. To their surprise, Afternoon Town, its buildings cloaked in shadow, seemed to have grown even darker.

Almost instantly, candlelight shone from windows in different buildings. The dim yellow lights formed broken and unbroken clusters, silent and oppressive.

Klein didn't stay too long above the gray fog. He quickly returned to the bathroom and put away the corresponding items.

Let's hope there aren't any more incidents on Little Sun's side. It wouldn't look good if I kept entering the bathroom. Those in the know will realize I'm hiding a secret, while everyone else will think Gehrman Sparrow has a bladder problem. That would tarnish my persona!

Although I've already digested the Faceless potion, Marionettist Rosago advanced through each Sequence in turn. The Beyonder characteristic he left behind obviously contains a complete Faceless potion... Using it as a main ingredient is equivalent to drinking another Faceless, Magician, Clown, and Seer potion, perhaps even more...

Sigh, I should still try my best to abide by the various principles I previously concluded, so as to digest the excess portions. Klein made some clean water and washed his face before walking out of the bathroom.

Just as he was wondering if it was almost time for dinner and was planning to take out his golden pocket watch to take a look, the scene before his eyes suddenly turned black. He could hardly see his fingers.

It's night again... The intervals don't follow a pattern... If we encounter a monster and both sides are in an intense battle, what happens when the sky suddenly turns dark? Monsters are also creatures, so they need to sleep as well; otherwise, there's a high chance that they will disappear into the night... Heh heh, both parties in combat have to lie down and sleep, only to continue when they wake up... Is this really a story that can pass the censors? Klein, who had relaxed after successfully advancing, lampooned as he quickly walked to his bed.

Just as he got in bed, he suddenly thought of a problem.

The night here is very dangerous. If living creatures do not sleep, they will vanish completely.

The darkness of the Forsaken Land of the Gods, including that around the City of Silver, is similarly dangerous. Without light to disperse it, humans will vanish completely after more than five seconds in the darkness.

It's really similar... Could there really be some connection here?

Klein shook his head and, with Cogitation, entered a dream.

Amidst the dream, he realized that he had switched locations again once he became lucid!

The last time he left the dream, he was on the boulder where Admiral of Stars Cattleya was sitting as she hugged her knees. This time, he was facing a staircase.

Sunset streamed through the stained-glass panes high above, making the sculpture-adorned black spiral staircase look exceedingly beautiful.

Klein instinctively looked to the side and found Queen Mystic standing high up the staircase.

The long, chestnut-haired lady wasn't wearing her slit dress. Instead, she wore a white shirt with lace and floral ribbons beneath a simple dark blue coat. Her lower half remained clad in beige trousers and black leather boots. However, Klein suspected that Queen Mystic probably had an entire wardrobe, perhaps even a room, full of trousers and leather boots in the same style.

"What's the matter?" Klein took the initiative to ask.

Queen Mystic caressed the handrail with her right hand as she slowly walked down.

"Confidence might be a weakness at times.

"You trust that copper whistle and paper crane of yours too much. Perhaps one day, they will become a source of danger."

Klein felt a little uneasy at that, but he didn't show it.

"I don't understand what you mean."

"Confidence can sometimes be a weakness," Queen Mystic repeated. "Cattleya placed too much trust in the Sealed Artifact she gave Heath Doyle. If I hadn't boarded the ship, she, Nina, and Frank Lee would've died. You, however, might have survived."

"That Sealed Artifact can't actually block the ravings filling these waters? Is that why Heath Doyle mutated?" Klein keenly read between the lines.

Queen Mystic nodded.

"Under ordinary circumstances, it can. But do you know who the ravings that fill these waters come from?"

Without waiting for Klein's reply, she gave the answer.

"The True Creator."

Chapter 669: Exchange of Information

The True Creator? The ravings that fill these waters come from the True Creator? Upon hearing Queen Mystic's answer, Klein was surprised yet somewhat relieved.

He was relieved because, just as Queen Mystic had said, if she hadn't boarded the ship, Heath Doyle might have mutated despite possessing a Sealed Artifact that could suppress his hearing to a certain extent.

Low- and Mid-Sequence Beyonders of other pathways would merely feel oppressed and irritable, or occasionally suffer nightmares, when exposed indirectly to the True Creator's ravings. But for a Rose Bishop, the Sequence 0 of his pathway was the True Creator. Immersed in this evil god's ravings, something would've happened to him sooner or later even if he were deaf.

If Heath Doyle went mad or lost control, the peculiarities of these waters would make it extremely difficult for everyone else aboard to survive. However, Klein believed that as long as he survived the initial attack, he would have a chance to pray to The Fool and respond with the Sea God Scepter from above the gray fog, resolving the problem.

He was surprised because the source of the ravings completely contradicted his theory. He had imagined these waters to be a battlefield from the Second Epoch, where the ancient gods fought the Creator worshiped by the City of Silver, with their subsidiary gods, the corresponding angels, also taking part. To his surprise, this premise appeared to have been wrong from the beginning, because the True Creator had apparently first appeared after the Cataclysm at the end of the Third Epoch!

I cannot rule out the possibility that the ravings were later left behind... Klein didn't blindly make a conclusion. He watched as Queen Mystic walked past him as she caressed the sculptures on the handrail and slowly walked down.

The lady's back was tall; neither fat nor thin. Her figure was extremely proportioned, and her long chestnut hair simply cascaded down.

This made Klein feel a sense of familiarity. After recalling the matters involving Queen Mystic, he finally recalled the source of the familiarity.

While searching for the Cards of Blasphemy at the Roselle Memorial Exhibition, he had seen a similar figure from behind. She had been dressed rather oddly: despite wearing a layered yellow dress with a youthful air, she had paired it with an unfashionable black bonnet.

She was likely Queen Mystic. She had also visited the Roselle Memorial Exhibition ahead of time... Back then, she was looking at the basic education books the emperor had improved for his children and the Chinese Chess and toy blocks... She was certain that I had taken the Black Emperor card...

The emperor's eldest daughter, Bernadette, founded Element Dawn to oppose the Moses Ascetic Order. And according to the diary, she admired the maxim, "Do as you wish, but do no harm." From those two points, one could infer that she was likely a demigod of the Mystery Pryer pathway...

Sequence 4 of the Mystery Pryer pathway is Mysticologist... Queen Mystic... Of course, Queen Mystic has been renowned across the seas for more than a century. She certainly isn't merely Sequence 4 now. Yes, after leaving Queen Mystic, Cattleya joined the Moses Ascetic Order...

This queen seems to take the interpretation of Roselle's diary very seriously...

All sorts of fragmented pieces of information came together as Klein suddenly had a theory.

Perhaps Queen Mystic was Emperor Roselle's eldest daughter, Bernadette Gustav!

This might explain why this queen dresses in a style resembling Earth's yet still looks rather strange. Deeply influenced by the emperor's preferences, she can't completely free herself from those fashion trends. Instead, she blends them into a unique and peculiar style of her own... Whether it's aesthetically pleasing is another matter. A beautiful person can look good and fashionable even in a burlap sack... Klein lampooned inwardly while maintaining a solemn expression. He unhurriedly followed Queen Mystic down the beautiful staircase.

Queen Mystic didn't turn her head. As she walked, she said, "This dream world isn't vast. There are only two parts. One of them is the projection of the Giant King's Court on the opposite mountain, and the other is the black cloister over here."

Giant King's Court? The majestic building complex that seemed frozen in the sunset surfaced in Klein's mind.

This is actually the projection of the Giant King's Court!

And Little Sun and company happen to be at the entrance of the Giant King's Court, Afternoon Town!

Queen Mystic said in a gentle but emotionless tone, "This is my theory, as it resembles the Great Twilight Hall in Feysac.

"And since the Fourth Epoch, there have always been rumors that the God of Combat is an ancient giant who survived the Cataclysm."

The God of Combat pathway is the Giant pathway... Klein inwardly expressed his agreement with Queen Mystic's theory.

At that moment, he recalled the mythical information he had received from Little Sun. He realized that the description of the Giant King's Court being "forever residing in the sunset" matched the spectacle of the opposite mountain.

From the True Creator to the Giant King's Court, she has revealed two extremely valuable pieces of information... She's expressing goodwill toward me--no, toward the entity behind me. Heh heh, and the person behind me is myself... Klein replied calmly, "The true Giant King's Court lies in the Forsaken Land of the Gods."

He said this matter in an indifferent tone, so as to accentuate his value and the entity backing him.

Queen Mystic stopped and rested her right palm on the intricately carved handrail. Turning halfway toward Gehrman Sparrow, she said at a measured pace, "Rumor has it that the path to the Forsaken Land of the Gods is hidden in the mountain opposite us, within the projection of the Giant King's Court."

So Little Sun and company have begun exploring Afternoon Town? But didn't Jack mention that they appeared by the sea? The Giant King's Court and the projection of the Giant King's Court must have switches in them. Only by opening them ahead of time can the two seas meet?

This place is filled with the True Creator's ravings and conceals the secret of the Forsaken Land of the Gods. It holds remnant powers of the Evernight, Sun, Storm, Earth, and Spectator pathways. This seems to correspond to the Cataclysm!

After the Cataclysm, the Forsaken Land of the Gods was isolated from the outside world. The Goddess, Eternal Blazing Sun, Lord of Storms, Earth Mother, and the others saved the world while the True Creator appeared... Only the involvement of the Spectator pathway doesn't quite fit... Klein formed a conjecture from the information at hand.

Queen Mystic continued walking down as she said, "The black cloister here doesn't appear big, but each building and every level represents a different part of these waters. Behind every door might hide the dream of a creature."

I see... Klein glanced at the handrail and discovered that it was decorated mainly with sculptures of human heads. They were beautiful at first glance but terrifying upon closer inspection. He asked in passing, "Whose dream does this staircase belong to?"

"An Undying from the Numinous Episcopate. He came here in search of Death's remains, one of the main requirements for the Artificial Death. However, the ravings caused him to lose control, and he now wanders an underground ruin forever, turning every adventurer who dares enter into his zombie," Queen Mystic calmly explained.

Death was also involved in the battle of gods that happened here? It's no wonder Admiral Hell would take the risk and enter these waters from time to time... Klein felt enlightened.

He wasn't alarmed about the matter regarding Artificial Death, as he had previously heard Demoness of Unaging Katarina Pelle mention it before. Furthermore, the Numinous Episcopate seemed to be rather far from success.

After descending the final step, Queen Mystic turned to glance at him.

Immediately afterward, the lady turned into a corridor and entered a building.

Klein surveyed the area and found no stairs leading farther down. They had apparently reached the lowest level.

Queen Mystic stopped before a black wooden door covered in strange patterns. Gripping its handle, she said, "I've always suspected that the dream within is the key to sustaining this place. The remnant power of Evernight merely made such a development possible."

As she spoke, she twisted the handle and opened the door.

The black door slowly swung inward, revealing not the room Klein had imagined, but a sea.

The sea was illuminated by blinding sunlight. The waves were huge swaths of rich gold.

As the door opened, Klein felt an unimaginable aura seep from within. The entire building began to quake violently, and dust and bricks fell from the walls.

Subtly, Klein felt that the dream was on the brink of shattering.

Queen Mystic immediately pulled the black wooden door tightly shut, restoring everything to normal.

"Even I do not dare enter," this mighty figure in the mysterious world said.

"This place contains the dreams of certain remnant deities," Klein said calmly, as though the figure backing him had allowed him to understand the situation in advance.

Queen Mystic turned around as her blue eyes swept over Gehrman Sparrow's face.

"These waters and this black cloister hide many secrets. My understanding of them might not amount to even one percent."

She didn't continue as she silently looked at Gehrman Sparrow, as though waiting for something.

What intense pressure... Klein thought for a moment and asked probingly, "Do you know the activation incantation of the Black Emperor card?"

Queen Mystic fell silent for a few seconds and shook her head.

Klein looked her in the eye.

"Bernadette."

The entire corridor turned so silent that even their breathing could be heard. Queen Mystic's lips moved a little before they pursed together.

Her blue eyes temporarily lost their focus, but they quickly recovered their profundity.

Queen Mystic turned around at an unhurried pace, walked toward the black staircase, and said without changing her tone, "The dream is ending."

Klein looked at her back move up the black staircase until the blinding light drowned out everything.

Afternoon Town.

Upon seeing the candlelight light up in the buildings outside, the silent town seemed to come to life. Derrick felt as though they had plummeted into a nightmare as they instantly tensed up.

Demon Hunter Colin observed for a while before solemnly saying, "We are in the real world.

"The power of the altar has leaked out."

Chapter 670: Repenter

That strange Afternoon Town has infiltrated the real one? Derrick vaguely understood what the Chief meant and had a rough idea why it had happened.

He suspected that when Mr. Fool pulled him out of the strange Afternoon Town, "He" had broken an intricate balance, causing the powers to seep out.

This also explained why Demon Hunter Colin Iliad didn't vanish immediately when he repeated the attempt.

Just as Derrick was wondering what changes this would bring, Colin, chief of the six-member council, took luminescent powder from a pouch on his belt and scattered it into the air.

The powder suddenly exploded, spewing silver light upward. It was exceptionally conspicuous in the dark surroundings.

Derrick, Haim, and Joshua knew exactly what the signal meant: don't run about recklessly; remain in your area, stay alert for approaching enemies, and await rescue!

Without a doubt, this was a signal to all the other exploration teams scattered across Afternoon Town.

Colin released the signal three times in succession during the interval between two lightning bolts. Then he turned to Derrick and the others. "We'll sweep outward and rendezvous with the rest.

"Be careful along the way."

"Yes, Chief!" Derrick had already forgotten his earlier grievance. He only wanted to help his companions as soon as possible.

Following Colin's instructions, he took the small team's left flank. On the other side stood the red-gloved Joshua, holding an iron-black sword. The relatively stronger Dawn Paladin, Haim, guarded the rear, while the Demon Hunter led from three steps ahead.

As lightning flashed at relatively short intervals, gloomy Afternoon Town alternated between light and darkness. In every window, candle flames wavered with eerie tranquility.

Derrick was no longer the fledgling he once was. Although he was nervous, his palm didn't sweat while holding the Axe of Hurricane. He skillfully moved his gaze around, wary against any monster that might leap out from the buildings on both sides.

After a flash of lightning, the world was thrown back into darkness. The bits of candlelight in Afternoon Town seemed to await travelers that needed lodging.

The light from the animal-hide lantern in Haim's hand spread outward but barely illuminated the area around him. It was less effective than Derrick's night vision.

Its only apparent use was to dispel the dense darkness surrounding them.

At that moment, Derrick suddenly felt a chill on the back of his neck, despite the absence of any cold wind!

He didn't turn his head instinctively. Instead, he stepped diagonally, half-turned, and glanced out of the corner of his eye.

He saw the nearly 2.3-meter-tall Haim looking at him with a gloomy expression. He cleaved down with the broadsword in his hand!

Bang!

Derrick somersaulted to dodge the strike as he seemed to still hear the echoing sound of the intense wind.

Following that, he heard the Chief's voice.

"What happened?"

"Haim attacked me!" Derrick rolled toward Colin and sprang to his feet.

"Me?" Holding the animal-hide lantern in one hand and his broadsword in the other, Haim looked baffled.

Colin glanced at Derrick.

"I didn't notice anything abnormal about him."

As he spoke, the Demon Hunter's eyes produced two dark green symbols.

He surveyed the area and said, "Did the attacker take on Haim's appearance?"

Before he finished his sentence, the silver sword that was clenched tightly in his right hand stabbed backward!

Oof!

Amid the dull clash, a figure appeared in the darkness. He had disheveled, grizzled hair, deep wrinkles, weathered yet profound blue eyes, and a silver sword coated in light gray oil. He looked identical to Demon Hunter Colin, except for his gloomy expression and dark skin.

Bam! Bam! Bam!

Two silver swords clashed in midair, sending sparks flying.

Meanwhile, Colin Iliad bellowed, "Light!"

Light? Derrick instinctively raised his hands and pressed them to his mouth and nose.

At that instant, he saw three figures dash from the surrounding darkness. One was the tall and muscular Haim, another was the red-gloved Joshua, and the last was a tall youth with a childlike appearance: Derrick himself!

Derrick wasn't thrown into a fluster. He acted in accordance with the Chief's instructions and released lustrous brilliance from his body.

The three figures seemed horrified of this as they raised their palms to cover their faces while attempting to escape to the sides.

However, their speeds were in no way comparable to the speed of light.

The lustrous radiance illuminated the surroundings and enveloped the three figures.

They opened their mouths and let out silent screams, but they soon dimmed and vanished.

As the light surged outward, it engulfed the two Demon Hunters. One immediately stiffened, its movements slowing before all color drained from it and it turned completely black.

Oof!

The silver sword coated in light gray oil pierced the monster, but it was like stabbing empty air and caused no actual damage.

At that moment, the black monster suddenly set itself ablaze and fractured into distorted shadows that corroded the light and flames inch by inch.

Colin retracted his silver sword and turned his head to Derrick and company.

"The monsters this time are our shadows.

"Their weakness is the brightness of light!"

As he spoke, the Chief's body produced a bright and holy light of dawn, illuminating the entire street as though it was day.

This was a Beyonder power granted to Dawn Paladins of the Warrior pathway. He hadn't used it from the beginning because its effects were conspicuous, and he had no idea what unforeseen consequences it might cause. Now, however, he knew the weakness of Afternoon Town's monsters!

The Chief's light of dawn spread like a domain. Haim abandoned his plan to use a similar Beyonder power and continued holding up his animal-hide lantern. He, Derrick, and Joshua followed Colin Iliad onto another street.

Before long, the quartet arrived at a half-collapsed cathedral.

The cathedral had once possessed a tower, and its classical stone columns and masonry looked heavy and dark.

Passing through a doorway wide even for a giant, Derrick followed the Chief into the prayer hall. The deity's statue had been destroyed, but some unknown entity had lit the candle on the altar.

Before the altar, a figure in a plain white robe lay prostrate, praying too softly for anyone to hear.

"He's not one of us." Haim, who also had night vision, was the first to discover the abnormality thanks to his height.

That means it isn't a monster formed from one of our teammates' shadows... Derrick inwardly completed Haim's unspoken thought.

This meant an unknown, and an unknown often represented extreme danger!

"There should've been an exploration team here." Colin contracted the range of his light of dawn to avoid provoking the white-robed figure.

Haim, Joshua, and Derrick suddenly fell silent. Under such a situation, the absence of the exploration team's immediate appearance basically meant an undesirable outcome.

Their minds raced as two men dressed in tight black clothes walked out from the right side of the hall. They were the two members of the exploration team at the cathedral.

"Chief, those shadows... Those shadows are problematic! Laroya was swallowed by his own shadow!" One of the teammates swiftly made his way to Colin and immediately said in agitation and fear.

Has someone already been sacrificed... While Derrick's heart sank, he saw the light of dawn expand, enveloping the two teammates within.

Ferocious expressions suddenly appeared on their faces as their bodies rapidly darkened. Just two seconds later, they vanished completely, like shadows exposed to light.

Smack! Smack! Smack!

White bones and globs of bloody flesh fell from their bodies, smashing to the ground.

Light slowly effused out of these mangled carcasses.

Colin retracted his gaze and said expressionlessly, "Go closer to the ecclesiastic and listen to what he's reciting."

Derrick and the others nodded in silence and set off toward the collapsed statue.

After about ten steps, they saw the white-robed figure's face from an angle. He was a middle-aged man with deep-set features, and he was weeping.

This ecclesiastic's face was nearly plastered to the ground as he muttered to himself, "Omnipotent Lord, I repent. ... tempted Sasrir. The Kings often came to the palace belonging to the dusk to conspire.

"It was unknown when the people in this town changed. They set up secret altars and held strange rituals, doing things you forbade.

"It was already too late by the time I discovered all of this. Degeneration, bloodshed, darkness, rot, murders, corruption, and shadows had already drowned this piece of land.

"A huge calamity will begin here!"

These words kept repeating like a prophet describing the inevitable future with a heavy voice.

A great calamity would begin here? Is this where the Lord who created everything began abandoning this land? And who tempted Dark Angel Sasrir? The ecclesiastic should've named someone after saying "I repent," but there was only a blank... Had he originally spoken the name, only for it to vanish on its own? Who erased it? This ecclesiastic must have come from that strange Afternoon Town and appeared here after the balance was broken. Otherwise, the previous expedition should've discovered him... Countless thoughts flashed through Derrick's mind in an instant.

At that moment, he saw the Chief take a stride, walking to the side of the ecclesiastic in white.

Klein awoke from his dream as midday sunlight streamed through the window into his eyes.

He rolled out of bed and unhurriedly made his way to the pirates' dining hall.

When Frank Lee saw his arrival, he immediately waved at him.

"Gehrman, I discovered something new!"

Fuck, what now... Klein's heart immediately leaped into his throat.

"A new invention of yours?"

"No, it isn't." Frank shook his head excitedly. "I planned to study the fish in these waters. They can probably dream! But when I tried fishing, I caught this strange object instead."

Chapter 671: The Fourth Name

Strange item? Klein immediately felt a headache coming on, but his expression remained unperturbed as he asked, "What is it?"

"A fish with human fingers growing inside it!" Without waiting for Gehrman Sparrow's reply, Frank ran into the dining hall. Before long, he returned holding a strange bluish-black fish.

The fish was of an ordinary size. Where its eyes should have been, it had a face resembling a human's. Its belly had been cut open, revealing three bloody fingers stuffed inside.

"I didn't put them there. It was already like that! Look at its teeth. It couldn't possibly eat something like that, so the fingers could only have grown by themselves! Of course, I still can't determine what effect they'll have on its body," Frank hurriedly explained.

Klein glanced at the fish and said after some deliberation, "Someone might also have stuffed them inside."

"...That makes sense. Then it isn't such a remarkable fish after all." Frank froze for a second, looking somewhat disappointed. "Fingers count as flesh and blood. I'll ask Heath. He's an expert in such matters."

As he spoke, he surveyed the area and found Heath Doyle, who was huddled in a corner eating.

Frank quickly went over and placed the bluish-black fish before Bloodless.

Heath Doyle extended his hands and leaned his face toward the fish.

At the sight, Frank had the inexplicable feeling that something was amiss.

He soon reacted and laughed.

"No, this isn't food for you. You've been eating fish all this time to the point that even your body smells of fish.

"I meant to ask whether you recognize the fingers inside the fish's stomach. Can you find their original owner?"

Heath Doyle stopped leaning forward and carefully studied them for a few seconds.

"They belonged to a Rose Bishop--at least a Rose Bishop."

He took out the three bloody fingers and stacked them together.

After a brief moment, the fingers melted like wax, turning into a puddle of sticky flesh and blood.

The flesh and blood squirmed as they drew a word in blood-red: "Help!"

Fingers from a Rose Bishop... "Help"... At the sight, Klein immediately made a connection.

He recalled the Saint of Darkness, Leomaster, from the dream world!

This Aurora Order saint was in a particular ruin, where the remnant powers of an angel or deity of the Spectator pathway had caused his personality to split and produce a benevolent persona. This had left him trapped there.

His good and evil sides fought constantly, often clashing on the level of the psyche. The main persona, which inclined more toward darkness, gradually gained the upper hand, while the good persona hid within the world of his mind, seeking help.

Therefore, this is an attempt by Leomaster's good side to call for help? As a saint of the Aurora Order, he might very well have advanced from a Shepherd, so it's nothing strange to have the Beyonder powers of a Rose Bishop... Klein nodded in thought, believing that his judgment was likely close to the truth.

"Help? How?" Frank Lee turned to Gehrman Sparrow with a blank look.

You should ask your captain, not me... Klein shook his head.

"You don't have to bother.

"There are too many oddities with these waters."

He said this because, judging from the dream, Leomaster's main persona held an overwhelming advantage. To truly rescue him, they would need to prepare to face a demigod. Although the good side would certainly interfere, all it could do was weaken the Saint of Darkness to some extent. He would still be a demigod.

Of course, with Queen Mystic aboard the Future, an attempt wasn't impossible. But if it were so easy to rescue Leomaster and turn him into a wholly benevolent Saint of Darkness, Klein believed the queen would have done so long ago. She hadn't acted because it was impractical.

For example, wherever Leomaster is causes one's spirit to dissociate, to the point that even Queen Mystic doesn't dare challenge it... Leomaster's dream was only partially restored, yet it nearly put me in a situation I couldn't handle. In the end, I resolved it quickly with the Sea God Scepter. If I met him in the real world, my personality might truly dissociate and land me in an asylum. I'd have to borrow the Mental Terror Candle from Father Utravsky to have any hope of treatment... Heh heh. I could also ask Miss Justice to treat me, but she still isn't strong enough... Klein thought, recalling the incident with wry amusement.

"Yeah." Frank Lee trusted Gehrman Sparrow a lot. "Perhaps the fellow who's asking for help is long dead..."

As he said this, his eyes suddenly lit up, and he stared at Heath Doyle.

"Can you wipe out the mental imprint left on this flesh and blood?"

"Yes," Heath Doyle replied succinctly.

The corners of Frank Lee's mouth spread bit by bit until he smiled like a two-hundred-pound child.

"I've always been very curious about the flesh-and-blood structure of a Rose Bishop.

"I've always wondered what would result from using similar flesh and blood as a medium for crossbreeding."

One day, you'll die in the middle of one of your experiments. Thankfully, I'll be leaving this ship soon... Klein had the inexplicable impression of a mischievous child entering an armory.

Heath Doyle, whose pallid face was nearly translucent, was taken aback for two seconds before sincerely saying, "Thank you."

"Why thank me?" Frank Lee scratched his head, looking completely puzzled.

He's probably thanking you for restraining your curiosity and not using his flesh and blood as an experimental subject. You're a trustworthy companion... The corners of Klein's mouth twitched as he tried to interpret the reason. He realized that the Future's first and second mates had rather unusual ways of thinking.

Afternoon Town, inside the half-collapsed cathedral.

Colin stood beside the ecclesiastic in white and softly asked, "Who are the Kings?

"What is the huge calamity?

"Who tempted Sasrir?"

The ecclesiastic didn't seem to hear him as he continued prostrating to the ground. He repeated his words of penitence as though he was an illusory recording left behind by the environment.

A wraith, specter, or an evil spirit? Derrick looked in that direction, feeling somewhat nervous.

Seeing no response from the ecclesiastic, Colin extended his right hand and slowly moved his silver sword toward the man.

However, despite the sharp blade tip reaching the back of his head, the ecclesiastic remained in penitence, as though nothing had changed.

Colin Iliad retracted his silver sword as he surveyed the area with dark green symbols in his eyes.

Then, he walked diagonally toward the altar and turned his gaze to the candle emitting a yellow light.

After a few seconds of silence, he extended his left hand and extinguished every candle.

The collapsed statue of the deity in the middle of the altar suddenly dimmed, and the prostrate man in white finally ceased his penance.

He slowly raised his head. His face was a gloomy green, and his gaze brimmed with hatred.

Before Derrick, Haim, and Joshua could react, the devout ecclesiastic lunged forward with astonishing speed, leaving an afterimage behind.

Colin was already prepared for it. He took a step diagonally forward with his right foot, turned his body halfway, and swept backward with the silver sword in his left hand.

On the sword, spots of light soared, instantly forming a gigantic storm.

The storm, formed entirely of light, swept through the surroundings. It froze the ecclesiastic in midair before devouring him completely.

The storm quickly subsided. Colin looked at the ecclesiastic, whose body had been infused with the light of dawn, then repeated his questions.

"Who are the Kings?

"What is the huge calamity?

"Who tempted Sasrir?"

The ecclesiastic, whose figure had already grown indistinct, replied dazedly, "The Kings are Sasrir, Ouroboros, Medici..."

Just as he was about to say the fourth name, a transparent flame tore through him from the inside!

The flame instantly engulfed him, burning him into a spreading black gas.

So the Kings refer to the Kings of Angels... What's the fourth name? Why did he self-destruct just as he was about to say it? Is it the one who tempted Sasrir, or someone else? Derrick was filled with questions.

As the ecclesiastic died, roars like those of wild beasts suddenly erupted from the streets outside and throughout Afternoon Town.

Derrick subconsciously looked out the window and saw a gigantic face.

The glass it had originally been plastered against had grown a single, unusual eye. Its face was covered in short, dense black hair.

Tap! Tap! Tap! Another similar monster rushed out from inside the cathedral. It had the build of an ordinary human and two eyes, but the surface of its body was similarly covered with short black hair that resembled a beast's.

"A degenerate town that has been completely corrupted..." Colin sighed as he faced one of the monsters.

Derrick, Haim, and Joshua also took up battle positions in a bid to fend off the remaining monster.

The Future continued cruising in peace before encountering a brief night once more.

After entering the dream world, Klein found himself back where he had been--at Admiral of Stars Cattleya's side.

He was about to examine the projection of the Giant King's Court on the mountain opposite them for more clues when Cattleya, hugging her knees, suddenly asked in a heavy voice,

"Have you met her?"

Klein grunted tersely in acknowledgment, making no attempt to hide the truth.

Cattleya pursed her lips and asked, "She's on the ship?"

"Yes." Klein turned his head and looked at the Admiral of Stars as he said in passing, "You have very deep feelings for her."

Cattleya's expression was no longer as lost and dazed as before. Biting her lip, she said self-deprecatingly, "That's right.

"I was by her side before I was three. Heh heh. That's what they say, but I no longer have any actual memories of that.

"She taught me, and she held me by the hand as we adventured. She watched me grow up. To me, she's my captain and my teacher, as well... as well as my mother..."

As Cattleya spoke, she suddenly fell silent.

Chapter 672: Bystanier

Glancing at the silent Cattleya, Klein suddenly felt a little awkward.

He didn't speak again as he turned and jumped off the boulder. He walked into the black cloister through the half-opened door.

In the square enclosed by a gloomy tower and other buildings, the remnants of wartime fires still burned. Gigantic arrows were embedded in the ground, their shafts swaying gently in the wind.

Frank Lee was still digging and planting something, but what lay at his feet was no longer food. It was a pool of flesh and blood.

"What experiments do you plan to perform on them?" Klein couldn't resist asking as he passed.

Frank smiled excitedly. "Plenty!

"For example, all I need is a single ox that can meet an entire ship's demand for meat. Every time a piece is sliced off, new flesh will grow back!"

...Why an ox again? For a moment, Klein was at a loss for words. All he could do was silently draw the crimson moon in his mind.

Along the way, he passed Navigator Ottolov, who sat on the ground reading; Nina, who was so drunk that she was nearly taking off her clothes; and Heath Doyle, who hid silently in the shadows of a corner. He then arrived at the hall filled with murals.

At some point in time, Anderson Hood had conjured a reclining chair and was leisurely lying on it, observing the extremely religious and holy murals on the dome.

"Sigh, we're finally about to leave these cursed waters. Just two more noons and nights!" Seeing Gehrman Sparrow enter, the Strongest Hunter sighed from the bottom of his heart. "As long as we make it out successfully, I won't have to worry about any lingering problems."

Klein originally wished to ask him to shut up, but since he was talking about himself and no one else, he couldn't be bothered. He asked in passing, "Are you from Intis?"

"Barely. My father is from Intis, and my mother is from Segar," Anderson answered, with the full intention of having a chat.

Klein continued taking a few steps forward.

"Then, do you believe in the Eternal Blazing Sun, God of Steam and Machinery, or the God of Knowledge and Wisdom?"

Anderson's expression suddenly turned a little odd.

"I originally believed in the God of Knowledge and Wisdom, but the priests are too despicable. Just because I failed my examinations, they ignored my exceptionally handsome face and treated me like a retard. Pui! I'm simply better at other subjects. There's nothing wrong with my intelligence! I've always had an excellent eye for aesthetics and a solid foundation in drawing! Heh heh, before becoming a hunter, I dreamed of being an artist.

"Of course, after coming to the sea, my faith is more or less in the Lord of Storms."

Hearing Anderson's account, Klein suddenly thought of a joke--a priest of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom might say, "He failed his examinations? This child is hopeless. Just bury him."

He was about to steer the conversation toward Anderson's life as a hunter. After all, Anderson was the only person apart from Queen Mystic with whom he could communicate normally in this dream world. At that moment, he suddenly heard a door creak open.

In the depths of the hall of murals, there was the sound of a door opening!

Anderson just mentioned successfully leaving these waters... Klein felt an inexplicable urge to cover his face as he focused on the source of the sound.

Then he saw a man in a short linen robe running toward them from the depths of the hall of murals.

The man had luxuriant raven-black hair, but he had wrinkles on his face, as though he had suffered plenty of hardship.

Saint of Darkness Leomaster! Leomaster's good side! Klein recognized the man and immediately spotted a tall figure emerging from the depths of the hall of murals.

The figure was dressed in thick and heavy black full-body armor. His eyes emitted a deep redness.

He held a huge sword as he chased after Leomaster.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

His metal boots struck the ground in a rapid series of ringing clangs.

It's the real Leomaster! The main persona of the Saint of Darkness! Klein saw the two approaching figures as he instinctively turned to the side and quickly retreated.

He immediately pressed himself against the wall of the hall, only to realize that Anderson Hood had already leaped from his reclining chair and flattened himself against the opposite wall.

Sensing Gehrman Sparrow's gaze, Anderson grinned, returning a smile that meant "so you are the same as me."

Who's the same as you? This isn't cowardice. If you weren't around, I would've taken out the Sea God Scepter and fought the Saint of Darkness! I've always been considering what would happen in the real world if I were to help the good Leomaster kill the main persona in the dream...

Yes, there are crew members from the Future outside. If Leomaster's main persona truly goes mad, Queen Mystic will definitely act...

It shouldn't be a coincidence that these two fellows left their own dreams and came here... Both parties are already very close in the real world? Perhaps someone had directed the good Leomaster over. Queen Mystic? Many thoughts flashed through Klein's mind.

Leomaster, dressed in a short linen robe, saw the two men ahead. He had wanted to cry for help, but in the blink of an eye, he discovered that they had fled to opposite sides of the hall, as though they wanted no part in any of this.

...

He ran desperately out of the hall of murals.

The redness in the armored Leomaster's eyes darkened. He continued his pursuit, completely ignoring Klein and Anderson who were clinging close to the mural walls.

By the time they left the hall, Klein, who had some theories in mind, didn't hesitate to take a stride forward and rush out like a hunting leopard.

...

Anderson raised his right hand and grabbed at thin air, failing to stop Gehrman Sparrow in time.

"This guy was still rather rational a moment ago. Why did he suddenly go mad? He discovered something? What a strange person..." Anderson looked at the square outside, hesitated a few seconds, and finally chose to follow.

They chased them out of the black cloister and into the area where the Admiral of Stars was. Klein saw the linen-robed Leomaster circling the boulder to escape his evil counterpart. Seizing the opportunity, Leomaster faced the projection of the Giant King's Court on the opposite mountain and prayed softly in ancient Hermes, "The Lord that created everything;

"You are omnipotent and omniscient..."

After completing another circuit, the good Leomaster continued chanting,

"You are the source of everything great. You are the Beginning and the End;

"You are the God of Gods. You are the ruler of the vast astral world!"

With the honorific name spoken, the sea of clouds that separated the two mountains suddenly stirred before slowly splitting apart and revealing a deep crevice at the bottom.

The projection of the Giant King's Court on the opposite side suddenly drew in the frozen dusk from the distant horizon!

However, nothing happened after that.

Klein seemed to realize something. He turned toward the buildings near the black cloister's entrance and saw the beautiful yet distant Queen Mystic Bernadette silently watching everything from behind a spotless floor-to-ceiling window.

She was indeed the one who had made the good Leomaster escape his dream and come here... Since a Listener from the Aurora Order could bring Little Jack into the Forsaken Land of God, there's no reason the Saint of Darkness couldn't do the same! With no path ahead and the projection of the Giant King's Court before him, Leomaster's split personality would naturally try to escape into it. In doing so, he demonstrated the method of entering the Forsaken Land of God to the person secretly observing him... Certain of his conclusion, Klein withdrew his gaze.

As for why Leomaster hadn't succeeded, Klein believed it was because he wasn't in the right place!

He needs to venture deep into those waters and find a particular place surrounded by danger and strangeness. Then, by chanting the honorific name of the City of Silver's Creator within the dream brought on by night, he can open the passage hidden in the projection of the Giant King's Court? After that, with the aid of the dream, a person can carry their body and ship through the fog where reality and illusion intermingle and reach the shores of the Forsaken Land of God? Various possibilities occurred to Klein.

To him, the method of entering the Forsaken Land of God wasn't something he needed to care about. If he wished to do so, once he advanced to Sequence 4 and truly obtained a certain level of godhood, he could get Little Sun to set up a descent or bestowment ritual for him to directly descend!

However, if he used this to reverse engineer the way to leave the Forsaken Land of God, it would be extremely useful. This was priceless for the City of Silver!

From the looks of it, the key to leaving the Forsaken Land of God truly lies in the Giant King's Court, but there's no way to guess what it is... Amid his thoughts, pea vines rapidly sprouted from the soil, instantly turning the area outside the black cloister into a green forest and forcibly separating the Saint of Darkness's two personas.

Then, Klein saw through the gaps of the pea vines that Cattleya had stood up. She was no longer sitting there hugging her knees.

Sizzle!

Derrick rolled, sprang up, and cleaved at the giant's leg, which was covered in short black hair. Silver lightning erupted and smote the single-eyed monster, leaving it trembling and rooted to the spot.

Derrick didn't miss this opportunity as he immediately opened up his arms.

Bright and pure holy light descended and enveloped the mutated giant.

In the brilliance, the monster collapsed with a tragic cry as its body produced black fog.

After a series of battles, Derrick discovered that the monsters produced by the strange Afternoon Town were all afraid of intense light despite their different traits.

This experience had allowed him to avoid injury and keep his teammates alive.

After a while, Colin finished off the strongest monster, and silence returned to Afternoon Town. Every candle had gone out.

The Chief of the six-member council surveyed the area before saying with a sigh, "Let's regroup before we set up camp."

By then, the assembled teams had been reduced to a third of their original number. Only six people remained!

Colin Iliad's true goal was the Giant King's Court, but their encounter in Afternoon Town had made him realize that the exploration couldn't be rushed. The Giant King's Court might contain deep secrets about the cataclysm and unimaginable dangers. Therefore, he needed at least half a year, perhaps even two years, of preparation and preliminary exploration before he could attempt to open it.

Chapter 673: Blood Text

Layers of pea vines that appeared as though they were capable of weaving into a stairway into heaven dropped and shrank back into the soil.

Both the Saint of Darkness's main persona and Leomaster's good side had vanished. Only Cattleya remained atop the boulder, surveying her surroundings with a blank look.

Did Queen Mystic throw Leomaster's main persona and good side back into his own dream? Or did she pull them elsewhere in an attempt to understand the unique traits necessary for entering the Forsaken Land of God?

It seems like it's impossible to pull these two personalities into different dreams; otherwise, Queen Mystic would've long conversed with the good Leomaster individually, as well as agree to help him defeat the devil in exchange for relevant information, without going through so much trouble...

Of course, to truly kill off the Saint of Darkness's main persona, perhaps one will have to enter the dangerous ruins in the real world. Even Queen Mystic wouldn't dare to attempt it, as it might produce an evil queen who abides by "do as you wish, and do as much harm"... Klein turned his head once again in thought, looking at the nearby buildings around the black cloister's door. He saw that the figure belonging to Bernadette had vanished behind the clear floor-to-ceiling windows.

Klein didn't seek her out to learn whether Queen Mystic had obtained more information from Leomaster's good side. He remembered the essence of Gehrman Sparrow's persona--Mr. Fool's Blessed!

And Admiral of Stars knew very well that, in Mr. Fool's Tarot Gathering, The Sun came from the City of Silver in the Forsaken Land of God. To say that Mr. Fool didn't know the method of entering the Forsaken Land of God was unbelievable.

Therefore, as a Blessed, Gehrman Sparrow definitely lacked the motivation to delve deep into the matter!

In many matters, the persona that brings you success can also make you fail. This is a flaw of being a Faceless... Klein withdrew his gaze and looked back at the projection of the Giant King's Court on the opposite mountain, only to realize that the frozen sunset was slowly returning to the horizon.

On the same mountain, the boulder remained standing as Cattleya slowly sat down again, hugging her knees.

Noon and night switched thrice, but the actual amount of time that had passed in the outside world was just the daytime of a single day.

The Future circled the dangerous ruins and avoided the hidden dangers along the safe sea routes before finally arriving near the entrance to those waters.

Klein and company once again saw the ruin from the beginning of their journey, most of it submerged in seawater. They saw the gray stones and columns, as well as the huge dome at the top.

Previously, they could hear loud and clear panting sounds.

Bloodless had even painfully pointed out that a corpse was hidden in those ruins!

And that corpse was very likely to be the source of the panting!

At that moment, the immensely dangerous ruin inspired not fear but joy in those aboard the Future. Its appearance meant they were about to leave these absurd and terrifying waters!

At some point in time, Nina had already climbed up to the tall crow's nest and said loudly as she looked at the ruin, "Eh, there's a ship!"

A ship? Klein went around Anderson Hood, who was blocking his view, and approached the gunwale for a closer look.

Indeed, to the right of the stacked stones and stone columns, an ordinary three-masted sailboat was docked beside the ruin. Because it was partially obscured, the people aboard the Future would have difficulty noticing it unless they viewed it from a high vantage point or looked carefully.

The sailboat floated there without a single sailor on board. The silence made it terrifying.

"It's as though it was all eaten by the ruin." Anderson came over and shook his head with a sigh. "In these waters, one mustn't go close unless one knows the ruins well."

Someone who dares sketch a mural of an Angel of Fate has no right to say that... Your treasure-hunting team claimed to have abundant experience, but aren't you the only one left in the end... Without turning his head, Klein scoffed inwardly.

At that moment, Cattleya also came on deck and looked at the sailboat moored beside the ruin.

During this entire process, she didn't give Gehrman Sparrow a glance; it was as though he didn't exist.

After a brief moment of silence, Cattleya raised her hand to remove the heavy glasses on her nose bridge. The deep purple hue in her eyes swirled as though she was trying to outline one complex symbol after another.

A pair of eyes suddenly appeared above the empty sailboat; they were a pair of illusory, translucent dark purple eyes!

The pair of eyes slowly moved and circled the deck once before entering the cabin.

This Beyonder power is very useful... Come to think of it, judging by the abilities Queen Mystic and Admiral of Stars have demonstrated, a Mystery Pryer's powers have something of the flavor of fairy tales! Could Queen Mystic turn people into frogs? Also, is a Mystery Pryer's ability to pry into mysteries manifested in their eyes? Admiral of Stars's eyes are rather unusual. I need to take note... Klein speculated silently as he awaited the result of Cattleya's remote exploration.

After a while, the dark purple hue in Cattleya's eyes finally dimmed.

She rubbed her brow, put her glasses back on, and said to Anderson Hood and Frank Lee, "There's a problem inside."

As she spoke, she took a handful of colorful powder from her classical warlock robe and tossed it outward.

The powder didn't scatter onto the ground. Instead, it formed a realistic image in color.

The image's background resembled a captain's cabin. There was a photograph on the desk and a portrait on the wall, both depicting the same person.

He was a man from Feysac, with broad shoulders, light blond hair, and deep blue eyes!

This... Klein first found it familiar before he recalled where he had seen the man before!

Back when he was in Nas, an adventurer had been pursued by the second mate of the King of Immortality, Kircheis, and had run into the Lerdal Bar to seek help from the members of the Adventurer Association. At that instant, among the powerhouses who stood up to provide protection was a muscular man from Feysac who was more than two meters tall. Klein had found him rather strong and placed him at Sequence 6 at the very least.

Why would his ship suddenly enter these waters, and why would he rashly explore a dangerous ruin? Puzzled, Klein carefully observed the supernatural image on the deck.

This time, he saw a pool of blood on the floor, and beside the blood were a few words in Feysac: "The Fountain of Unaging..."

The final character trailed into a long streak of blood that joined clear smears extending toward the door.

Klein's mind reconstructed the scene. The Sequence 6 Feysacian had suffered a sudden attack and fallen to the ground, gravely injured. He had tried his best to record the source of the encounter, but just as he finished the first few words, some unknown entity seized him by the legs or head and dragged him away!

Considering how the red words weren't wiped away, Klein suspected that the entity that dragged the adventurer away wasn't a living person.

It should be the corpse of that ruin... he thought, feeling a headache.

"The Fountain of Unaging? They came here in search of the Fountain of Unaging?" Anderson Hood said in excitement.

"Clearly, but they didn't find it." Frank Lee shook his head in great disappointment.

He also looked forward to the Fountain of Unaging, believing that the fountain's waters could create qualitative changes to his various experiments.

The Fountain of Unaging... Slaughterer Kircheis was the one chasing after the young adventurer back then. He's the second mate of the King of Immortality... Rumor has it that the King of Immortality once drank the waters of the Fountain of Unaging... Kircheis even warned me--Gehrman Sparrow--not to interfere in the young adventurer's affairs, claiming that it was the will of the King of Immortality... Klein pieced together a rough approximation of the truth from various tidbits of information.

The young adventurer obtained the secret of the Fountain of Unaging from one of the King of Immortality's aides and was pursued for it. Later, under the protection of several powerful members of the Adventurer Association, he narrowly escaped Slaughterer Kircheis. To hide from the King of Immortality while seeking the Fountain of Unaging, they eventually chose to venture into these waters. Who could have known they would be wiped out in that ruin...

Could it be that the Fountain of Unaging is hidden deep in that ruin? Klein looked at the stacked gray stones and stone columns as he vaguely made a prediction.

As he temporarily had no way to verify his theory, nor did he know whose corpse was buried there, he didn't have the urge to explore or take risks. He rationally retracted his gaze.

I can ask Will Auceptin or Arrodes... Heh, perhaps the Fountain of Unaging is the pus produced by that rotting corpse... Klein speculated darkly.

At that moment, Cattleya considered Anderson and Frank's conversation before saying, "If their deaths resulted from their search for the Fountain of Unaging, I don't believe the man in the portrait and photograph would have had any reason to leave accurate information before his death. After all, whoever found him here wouldn't be his family."

That makes sense... If I were in his shoes and encountered a monster while seeking treasure, I wouldn't think of leaving clues for others before my death... Klein gave an imperceptible shake of his head, unable to think of a reason for the moment.

Cattleya looked at Anderson and Frank who wore looks of anticipation.

"A successful adventure requires detailed intelligence and sufficient preparation, but we have neither."

Her voice suddenly turned loud as it resounded in every corner of the ship.

"Continue sailing.

"Leave these waters!"

"Aye aye, Captain!" Nina, who was on the crow's nest, gulped a mouthful of beer.

A few minutes later, the descent and ascent that defied common sense occurred once again, but the prepared members of the Future were no longer left in a sorry state. They easily endured the thrilling experience of leaping over the ravine and being sent flying.

Soon, the Future landed over blue seas, and a distance away was a gigantic storm blotting out the sky.

Not far away, there was another ship floating there silently. It was two hundred meters long, its front and back curved up, making it look like a crescent.

Seeing the flag depicting a black tombstone, Klein instantly recalled the corresponding name: the Death Announcer!

It was the flagship of the King of Immortality Agalito!

At that moment, Klein felt not fear or horror, but excitement and anticipation.

With Queen Mystic aboard, and with no need for me to hide this time... Together, she, Admiral of Stars, Anderson Hood, the crew of the Future, and I have a chance to wipe out the King of Immortality's crew! I've found food for Creeping Hunger! I've found a candidate for a marionette!

At that moment, the Death Announcer suddenly turned and fled at unprecedented speed.

I-it fled... Klein instantly stared blankly.

Soon, the Death Announcer had vanished from his line of sight.

Chapter 674: Leaving the Ship

That was way too fast... I just had the thought... Klein looked at the undulating surface of the sea, temporarily unable to gather his thoughts.

Amidst his thoughts, he came up with a theory.

King of Immortality Agalito's second mate, Slaughterer Kircheis, is suspected to be a Devil or even a Desire Apostle. He possesses the Beyonder powers to detect danger ahead of time and the ability to lock onto the source of the danger. Then, would the King of Immortality be a Sequence 4 demigod of the Devil pathway to begin with?

So, the moment the crew of the Future possessed both the strength and the intent to harm him, he immediately sensed the danger and discovered Queen Mystic's presence, prompting him to retreat without hesitation?

Yes, this means Queen Mystic also intended to act. Otherwise, my thoughts would only have made the King of Immortality sneer and retaliate viciously...

Sigh, this Beyonder power of the Devil pathway is far too useful. It's nearly impossible to trap the King of Immortality or his first, second, or third mate... Klein thought regretfully as he looked at Anderson Hood.

The Strongest Hunter still wore a visibly twisted expression, as though despairing over the fact that his bad luck hadn't diminished. He was also astonished that the Death Announcer had fled with its tail between its legs, as though events had departed from the script in his mind.

His eyes darted around as he speculated, seemingly reaching a conclusion.

Unfortunately, Anderson's bad luck isn't strong enough. Otherwise, he could be sacrificed to bait the King of Immortality... Heh heh, isn't that the correct usage of a Provoker? Klein turned into the corridor and returned to his room.

Just as he pushed open the wooden door, he saw a familiar back standing before his window. She had a very proportionate figure and was dressed slightly oddly. She was none other than Queen Mystic, Bernadette.

Ma'am, didn't your father teach you not to enter someone's room without permission, especially the room of a male stranger? As a lady raised in a noble family, you should have waited at the door and politely requested permission to enter... Emperor, didn't you remember the books on etiquette? Klein silently grumbled as he closed the door behind him.

Without waiting for him to speak, Bernadette said with her back to him, "What happened earlier confirmed a theory of mine."

"What theory?" Klein suppressed his curiosity and asked with a deadpan expression.

Bernadette didn't turn her head as she looked out at the calm sea surface.

"Agalito's Fountain of Unaging is a scam.

"If there really is a Fountain of Unaging, it would've been one of the main ingredients for the Demoness of Unaging potion, or something produced by their corpses. Therefore, any man who claims to have drunk from the Fountain of Unaging is lying."

She didn't explain what a Demoness of Unaging was, seemingly certain that Gehrman Sparrow knew. Even if he didn't, he would have the means to find out later.

Fountain of Unaging... Demoness of Unaging... They do match. So the bloody message on the sailboat beside the ruin was meant to tell the world that the Fountain of Unaging is a scam? Has the King of Immortality, Agalito, repeatedly spread rumors of the Fountain of Unaging to lure adventurers and pirates into dangerous waters to die, or to seize the opportunity to slaughter them? That certainly reeks of a Devil... No wonder Slaughterer Kircheis warned me not to interfere... Klein thought for a few seconds, then deliberately murmured, "A scam..."

Queen Mystic Bernadette nodded and said gently, "This might be part of the ritual Agalito needs to advance to Sequence 4. It might also be necessary for digesting the Sequence 4 potion."

She paused as though making a silent sigh. Then, she said, "That's because the Sequence 4 of his pathway is Demon."

Demon? Sounds deceitful... Creating a treasure scam to harm others, that does match the style of a demon... Klein was instantly enlightened.

At that moment, Queen Mystic turned and gazed through her checkered black veil into Gehrman Sparrow's eyes.

It's my turn to provide information? Klein deliberated for two seconds.

"According to my analysis of the limited diary entries, Emperor Roselle faced an extreme predicament in his later years. This forced him to consider attempting something crazy."

He was completely candid in this respect, because the diary entries he had received so far didn't reveal what Emperor Roselle had wished to do in his later years, what predicament he faced, or what mad act he ultimately attempted.

Therefore, by providing this piece of information, he was hinting to Bernadette that, to learn the truth, she had to hand the diary entries from Emperor Roselle's critical period over to the Admiral of Stars, Cattleya.

Bernadette remained silent for a few seconds.

As the dark clouds shifted and sunlight shone through the window, the queen who ruled the Five Seas suddenly dissolved into bubbles, which burst and vanished.

The light refracted from the bubbles had produced different colors, filling the room with a fairytale-like dreamscape.

If not for the Hidden Sage, the Mystery Pryer pathway would be truly fascinating... Klein reflected as he tapped his left thumb twice against the first joint of his index finger.

He activated his vision of Spirit Body Threads, but he didn't discover any additional black threads.

This meant that Bernadette had already left!

Phew... Klein silently sighed and quickly deactivated the vision.

Just as he was about to lie in bed to take a rest, he heard brisk footsteps approach.

Knock. Knock. Knock. Someone knocked at his door.

"Who is it?" Klein sat up.

"It's me." Cattleya's voice sounded.

Klein went over, feeling puzzled as he opened the door.

He didn't ask what it was about as he coldly looked at her, his gaze expressing everything.

Cattleya adjusted the heavy glasses on the bridge of her nose and said, "Leaving those waters didn't return us to where we entered. We're fewer than 100 nautical miles from Toscarter Island, while Nas is about three days away. Where do you wish to go?"

The entrance and exit are different? Surprised, Klein asked for confirmation, "Then is it possible to enter those waters from here?"

"No, we will directly fall into that bottomless ravine of the ocean. According to the results of divination, the people who did so are dead in the true sense of the word," Cattleya explained simply.

Is that so... Klein thought before saying, "To Toscarter Island."

He didn't choose Nas because the next Tarot Gathering was approaching, and he didn't wish to undertake anything time-consuming aboard the Future.

Furthermore, Toscarter Island was the easternmost colony of the Loen Kingdom. The currency used was pence, soli, and gold pounds. Klein no longer needed to consider the problem of foreign exchange.

"All right." Cattleya had no objection.

Watching her turn and walk to the captain's cabin, Klein shook his head slightly and sighed inwardly.

If you'd come earlier, you would've met Queen Mystic.

In the evening, the Future arrived at the port of Toscarter Island as it forcefully docked there.

Klein dressed as a gentleman, carried his leather suitcase, and came to the deck. He then handed the final payment, which he had divided between his two pockets, to the Admiral of Stars, Cattleya.

After deducting the Pugilist Beyonder characteristic worth 700 pounds, the balance came to 1,300 pounds.

As such, Klein's wealth was reduced to 8,436 pounds and 5 gold coins.

Cattleya received it in silence and opened her mouth as though she wanted to say something, but she ultimately didn't say a word.

"Are you getting off here, or are you going somewhere else?" She turned to look at Anderson Hood.

Realizing that Gehrman Sparrow was about to leave and recalling that he had hunted several pirates while aboard a pirate ship with him, Anderson immediately smiled.

"I'll get off here."

"You can pay now." Cattleya didn't spare him merely because Anderson had borrowed clothes from the pirates.

"All right." Anderson made no attempt to hide his pained expression as he reached out and pulled an ordinary button from the middle of his shirt.

Reluctantly, he handed it over.

"This is what I acquired from those waters. It's from the corpse that originated from an explorer from the Loen military.

"I'm not sure of its original name, so I can only call it by the corresponding Sequence 6 name based on the powers it exhibits. Yes, Judge.

"Its negative effects aren't especially severe. It makes the wearer prone to offending people or monsters. Perhaps one might even end up targeted by a demigod."

You call that not especially severe? If I were Admiral of Stars, I would've chosen that sword of yours... Klein scoffed inwardly as he watched Cattleya accept Anderson's fare.

He didn't bother with their affairs as he lifted his suitcase and left the Future, arriving at the pier of Toscarter Island.

Bang!

Anderson Hood leaped off the deck and landed beside him.

"Let's get a drink to celebrate our escape from those cursed waters!" the hunter invited cheerfully.

Klein swept his gaze over him, refusing the offer with his eyes. All he wanted was to put some distance between himself and this fellow with his bad luck and provocative aura.

"All right." Anderson looked from side to side, cleared his throat, and said, "Can you lend me some money? As you know, everything I had sank in those waters."

Having said that, he laughed.

"Don't worry. I'll repay you tomorrow morning. There are plenty of pirates in Toscarter's bars and brothels. I plan to ask them for a little sponsorship."

Extort those without bounties while cashing out those with bounties? Klein tsked inwardly and handed him a five-soli note.

"That little?" Anderson said with his mouth agape.

"It's enough for drinks, meals, and a hotel," Klein replied calmly. "Besides, it's worth one pound."

"One pound?" Anderson rubbed his eyes and said with a helpless smile, "All right, it's one pound. I'll return one pound to you tomorrow morning."

Chapter 675: Building Ties

Afraid that Gehrman Sparrow would go back on his word, Anderson snatched the five-soli note as he imagined ordinary beef sizzling over a fire and alcoholic drinks free of added sedatives.

Well, well, this fellow actually accepted it. I only said it in passing to reinforce my persona and show him that borrowing money from me isn't easy, so he wouldn't take a large sum and return to the Fog Sea after hunting pirates... Klein muttered inwardly.

To him, a Sequence 5 Hunter wouldn't starve or have nowhere to stay when placed in a place with plenty of pirates, even if he didn't have a single penny.

He gave an imperceptible shake of his head and was about to leave the dock when he suddenly heard a coarse shout. "Gehrman!"

...

Hearing Frank Lee's voice, Klein shuddered and turned around, his nerves taut.

The first mate of the Future, the Poison Expert with a 7,000-pound bounty, stood by the gunwale with his hands cupped around his mouth. Projecting his voice, he asked, "Where will you spend most of your time? Where should I send letters?

"I wish to share with you the latest results of my research."

I don't want to know... This fellow probably doesn't have many friends. I daresay many of the people he considers friends don't feel the same... Yes, Admiral of Stars still leans toward Queen Mystic and lacks a sense of belonging to the Tarot Club. Openly cultivating a spy at her side--no, a source of intelligence--will help me intimidate her, and it's a form of punishment on the level of "Gehrman Sparrow"... With that foundation, it would be reasonable and natural for Mr. Fool to punish her... Klein's thoughts raced as he took a notepad and the fountain pen he used for divination from his pocket.

He scribbled down the summoning ritual needed to summon his messenger, and he didn't forget to include the additional requirement of a gold coin.

With a whoosh, Klein flicked his wrist, sending the note flying at Frank Lee like a dart. It landed squarely in his hand.

"Excellent!" Frank Lee glanced at the information on the piece of paper and waved his hand in delight.

Klein didn't delay any further as he picked up his leather suitcase, left the dock, and began searching for a hotel.

During this process, he was initially adamantly opposed to Anderson's request to stay in the same hotel, but on second thought, he agreed.

He feared that this fellow, plagued by bad luck, would stumble into trouble again and bring disaster upon innocent guests and staff. Therefore, he decided to watch him closely and deal decisively with any problems that arose.

After checking in, Anderson went into his room with his key.

Bang! He sat down on a reclining chair as though relieved of a heavy burden.

After leaving those dangerous waters, he finally felt like he was human again. He didn't need to worry about suddenly dying.

After lying there in silence for a while, Anderson Hood slowly rose. He took out an iron-clad flask, turned over a glass, and poured himself some hot water.

He believed that he should collect himself and begin visiting the bars.

After filling his stomach and having a few drinks, he could seek out some sponsors!

After the hot water cooled a little, Anderson raised his cup and gulped it down comfortably.

Suddenly, he coughed intensely as his face turned a little purple.

Cough! Cough! Cough!

Anderson reached for his throat, but he seemed incapable of drawing a single breath.

With a crashing sound, the glass cup fell to the floor from his hand, shattering across the ground.

Cough... Cough... Cough... Anderson's coughing weakened as his face turned purple.

At that moment, his eyes seemed to produce a spark as the veins on the back of his hands squirmed like they were alive.

Bang!

Anderson fell to the ground, convulsing a little before becoming motionless. His breathing even seemed to come to a halt.

Seconds later, the corpse-like Anderson suddenly got up as he rubbed his face in fear.

"Damn it, I almost choked to death from drinking water...

"If that really happened, then I might be the hunter with the most laughable cause of death!

"Thankfully, thankfully, I bought this item at great cost before entering those waters. It finally came in handy today..."

As he spoke, Anderson took a doll made of straw from a secret pocket in his vest. Two eyes, a nose, and a mouth had been crudely drawn on it in ink.

The doll's surface had already begun to corrode, dripping pitch-black liquid one drop at a time.

In about eight seconds, it was completely reduced to a liquid, turning into a stain on the floor.

"My bad luck hasn't diminished at all. It's even gotten worse... Man, Gehrman Sparrow once told me of a prophecy, saying that the deadliest dangers often lurk in everyday life." Anderson paced about, carefully avoiding the shards of glass at his feet for fear they would cause yet another brush with death.

"No, I need to save myself! I need to save myself!" Anderson pulled open the door and carefully walked out.

He came straight to Klein's room, reached out his finger, and rapped on the door.

Soon, the wooden door, which was neither particularly thick nor sturdy, opened without a sound. Gehrman Sparrow, who had only taken off his coat, appeared before Anderson.

Anderson forced a smile and said, "Surprise!"

Bang!

The door closed right in front of him.

...

He was first stunned before he muttered to himself with a stiff expression, "I should change the way I talk."

Thump! Thump! Thump!

He knocked on Klein's door again.

The door quickly opened as a revolver was pointed at him.

"Haha, I only wanted to ask whether you know any Beyonders who can improve my luck." Anderson raised his hands halfway, frantically hinting that Gehrman Sparrow should give him the contact details of the powerhouse who had told him the prophecy.

Too late. I have no idea where Queen Mystic is... Eh? She didn't leave me a way to contact her. But since Frank Lee knows the ritual for summoning my messenger, Admiral of Stars must know it too, which means Bernadette knows it. Besides, after returning to Backlund, I can ask Miss Sharron for help. Queen Mystic moves in her circles, even if she seldom appears... Klein gave Anderson Hood a pitying look.

He wasn't fond of the Strongest Hunter and often mocked him inwardly while entertaining all manner of malicious thoughts. After all, Anderson was partly responsible for the loss of his cuff link. However, those thoughts remained thoughts. Klein had no intention of acting on them, and if Anderson genuinely sought his help, he wouldn't refuse.

Klein thought for a moment before saying, "I can ask for you, and I'll give you an answer tomorrow morning.

"But I suspect you don't have the means to pay me."

"I'll make the rounds of the bars later! Besides, I have plenty of stashes in the Fog Sea," Anderson replied without hesitation.

Klein nodded. As he closed the door, he said, "See you tomorrow morning. I hope you can survive until then."

Creak!

The door was locked once again.

"Was that a curse, or his way of wishing me luck?" Anderson whispered with a wry smile. "According to my experience, there probably won't be any accidents in the next two to three days."

Inside the room, Klein returned to his desk.

On it was a letter whose introduction he had already written, as well as an unfolded paper crane.

Regarding Anderson's problem, Klein had already known whom to ask before he agreed.

There was no doubt that the best way to counter the methods of a Snake of Fate was to question another Snake of Fate!

He considered the limited space on the unfolded paper crane and the questions he wished to ask, composing them in his mind. Finally, he raised his pencil and wrote:

"How should the bad luck curse from an Angel of Fate mural be removed?

"What's the name of the Sequence 4 potion for the Seer pathway? Where can the formula and main ingredients be obtained?"

Putting down the pencil, Klein carefully scrutinized the questions before folding the paper crane along its existing creases and placing it in his wallet.

After doing all of this, he continued writing to Mr. Azik.

In the letter, Klein first mentioned that, with Admiral of Stars's help, he had entered the dangerous waters at the easternmost edge of the Sonia Sea and successfully completed the ritual. Changing subjects, he described Admiral Hell Ludwell's inexplicable attack midway through the journey and how he had nearly suffered a terrible loss.

While on this topic, he began describing the ring on Admiral Hell's hand, which was suspected to be a relic from ancient Death. He asked very subtly if Mr. Azik had any recollection of it, or if he needed to obtain it to study it, so as to invoke more memories.

Klein then casually mentioned the Numinous Episcopate's Artificial Death Project and asked this big shot whether it was feasible and whether any records documented its details.

Finally, he mentioned that he didn't know the subsequent Sequences of his pathway or how to obtain the opportunities to advance. Klein then summarized the precautions one should take when traveling through those dangerous waters.

This was to provide Mr. Azik with information and prevent him from suddenly deciding to seek out the remnant aura of ancient Death without realizing the dangers that lurked there.

"...Rumor has it that those waters are filled with the True Creator's ravings. The higher one's Sequence, the more clearly one hears them and the more easily one is influenced, leading to madness or loss of control. Sequence 4 is the dividing line... However, a small number of demigods have found ways to move freely there..." Klein wrote at the end of his letter.

After folding the paper, he picked up Azik's copper whistle and summoned the huge skeleton messenger.

The messenger burrowed out of the ground and politely looked at Klein at eye level before opening its palm.

Not bad... Klein praised silently and handed the letter over.

Then, he brushed his teeth and took a bath before comfortably getting into bed.

After an unknown period of time, he found himself awake in a dream, and he saw the desolate plains and pitch-black steeple.

Following the now-familiar route into the depths of the steeple, Klein found Will Auceptin's reply among the scattered tarot cards.

"Friendly reminder: The paper crane is about to tear!

"The bad luck curse brought about by the mural can be resolved by Ricciardo.

"High-Sequence formulas for the Seer pathway can only be obtained from the crazy Zaratul or the Hornacis mountain range. If you are the Blessed of the Evernight, treat it as though I didn't say it.

"Sequence 4 of the Seer pathway is Bizarro Sorcerer!"

Chapter 676: Tripartite Transaction

Bizarro Sorcerer... Klein suddenly woke up from his dream as he opened his eyes to see the dark night.

It isn't noon yet. It's still very dangerous... he mumbled before going back to sleep.

Only then did he remember that he had already left those dangerous waters. He wouldn't vanish or go missing if he remained awake when night ended.

Phew, a stable environment like this is the best! I have to say, mysteriously vanishing because you stayed awake after dark would make a fine story for frightening children into going to bed on time. Heh, stories like that often scared me when I was young. Klein sat up, walked to the desk, and poured himself a cup of water.

After a moment of silence, he gulped down a mouthful of water as he gradually recovered his ability to think.

Zaratul really went mad... What exactly did he encounter, or what happened to him...

Bizarro Sorcerer. Sequence 4 is called Bizarro Sorcerer. Does the Seer pathway chiefly revolve around trickery, cunning, pranks, and the paranormal? Or can it simply be summed up as bizarre?

Yes, Clown, Magician, Faceless, and Marionettist do give me that impression. Seer seems to be an exception, but in the eyes of others, a charlatan's behavior can sometimes appear rather strange and terrifying... Is that why Zaratul said fate isn't this pathway's main domain?

Also, it's clear that Beyonders of this pathway are more inclined to be spellcasters.

According to Will Auceptin, there were three ways to obtain the Bizarro Sorcerer potion formula. First, seek out the Secret Order and find the mad Zaratul. Second, travel to the main peak of the Hornacis mountain range and find the treasures left by the Antigonus family. Third, obtain it from the Church. For example, the Antigonus family's notebook might contain the corresponding formula.

But each of the three options was more dangerous than the last. According to Emperor Roselle, Zaratul had been a Sequence 2 Miracle Invoker--a true angel--long ago. Later, he had even advanced to Sequence 1, making him equal to or only slightly weaker than a King of Angels. The mad Zaratul--no, "He" might have lost "His" reason, but that would likely make "Him" even harder to deal with. At the very least, I have no chance of persuading or deceiving "Him." Even with Mr. Azik's help, I couldn't match Zaratul in a contest of pure strength.

Heh heh, unless I wait for Will Auceptin to be born, but if "He" were to involve "Himself" in this matter, there's a small chance of him incurring the attention of Angel of Fate Ouroboros.

As for the treasure on the main peak of the Hornacis mountain range, the resounding ravings, the Antigonus family's arrangements, and the rumors of the Nation of the Evernight buried in the depths of mystery all tell me this is no simple matter. I suspect it's a trap.

I don't even need to consider the Church of the Goddess. Leaving aside the angels presiding over the Holy Cathedral and its collection of Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts, the Backlund diocese alone, where the Antigonus family's notebook is kept, has a terrifying demigod...

Klein couldn't help but recall Mr. A being erased like a pencil drawing. The person responsible was likely a high-ranking member of the Church of the Evernight Goddess!

A beautiful lady whose eyes lacked spirituality... She even smiled at me. I have no idea what that meant... Klein shook his head resignedly, believing that only one course of action remained open to him.

That was to find a demigod from the Secret Order who was still considered normal.

Compared with the mad Zaratul, such a person could at least be reasoned with, perhaps even bargained with. Klein couldn't manage it alone, but for a price, he could seek Mr. Azik's or Queen Mystic Bernadette's help.

I can only consider this for now... Klein rapidly turned his thoughts back on how to help Anderson Hood rid the bad luck curse.

It's been more than two months. I wonder if Fate Councilor Ricciardo has left Oravi Island. Sigh, he hasn't summoned my messenger all this time to inform me of clues to the mystical item I seek. However, it's not a big problem. Bellman Carnot definitely hasn't left his post. I can contact Councilor Ricciardo through him.

That works as well. The Life School of Thought still hasn't completed my request, meaning they haven't made their final payment. They can settle it by improving Anderson's luck, and I can collect payment from Anderson in turn.

Heh heh, when it comes to mystical items or Sealed Artifacts with immense offensive power, doesn't Anderson's sword qualify? Judging by the traits displayed by a Reaper, I can forget about the item that would form after his death... Heh, I'm no greedy demon. I'll definitely pay extra to tide him over.

Klein wiped away his mischievous thoughts and took out the paper crane from his wallet. After unfolding it, he carefully erased the pencil marks on it.

"It's really about to tear. I can use it another two times at best..." he muttered sadly. Then, he folded the paper crane and returned to his bed to continue sleeping. As for using the radio transceiver to contact Arrodes, he planned on doing so after leaving this pirates' playground.

After daybreak, Klein languidly got up and slowly washed up, believing that this was how life should be.

Thump! Thump! Thump!

The knocking on the door interrupted his state of wistfulness.

Without his acumen for danger, his spiritual intuition told him that it was Anderson Hood.

As expected of the Strongest Hunter. He actually survived this long... Klein clicked his tongue inwardly and composed his expression before opening the door.

Anderson was wearing a deer-hunting cap of unknown origin. He grinned as he handed him a Loen gold coin.

"What I owe you from yesterday."

Klein received the gold coin and measured its weight in his hand.

"There's an answer to your problem."

Anderson's eyes lit up.

"What's the solution?

"Don't tell me that the answer is that there are no solutions..."

Am I that kind of person? I'd simply say it's hopeless, so wait for death. Goodbye! Klein retorted inwardly as he swept Anderson with an indifferent gaze.

"A demigod skilled at altering luck is staying on Oravi Island. He owes me a favor."

"Excellent!" Anderson didn't hide his joy. "So, what sort of payment must I make?"

Very sensible of you... Klein deliberately fell silent for two seconds before saying, "I need a mystical item with powerful offensive abilities. Do you have any clues?

"If the value exceeds that of the luck enhancement ritual, I will pay the difference."

Anderson's brow furrowed little by little before smoothing out. He smiled. "I have a mystical item that meets your requirements. It possesses a Beyonder power capable of inflicting lethal damage. Its negative effects aren't bad either: it eats, sleeps, and suffers from bad luck, easily attracting monsters and enemies. Occasionally, it talks too much and can be rather annoying. Haha, it's a joke.

"To be frank, my Death Knell is the mystical item you need, but it's the only weapon I have left. Eh... I do have a relevant lead. It's a rather special revolver whose shots have the effects of 'Weakness Attack,' 'Lethal Attack,' and 'Slaughter.' Furthermore, it can use bullets with different properties. Its negative effect is that after every use, the wielder develops a weakness they didn't previously have, such as fear of light, ships, or dogs. The weakness lasts for six hours.

"Simply carrying it has almost no negative effects. It only makes you prone to thirst, which is entirely tolerable. If the revolver's abilities didn't overlap with my own and those of my mystical items, I would've bought it back then. The seller is asking 9,000 pounds!

"So I'll pay 1,500 pounds and give you the lead on the revolver. How about it?"

Sounds very suitable. Besides, it fits my combat habits... Klein didn't directly agree as he asked in return, "1,500 pounds?"

"Haha, I found more than ten pirates yesterday. They were all very kind, contributing all their wallets to me. Otherwise, they would lend me their characteristics and heads. In just one night, I received 1,600 pounds. Seriously, I love this pirates' paradise!" Anderson said with a beaming smile. "I have to keep 100 pounds for myself for the ship tickets to return to the Fog Sea. So all I can do is pay you 1,500 pounds."

Earning 1,600 pounds a night? Not only are there many pirates in Toscarter, but they are either worth a lot or have plenty of money? Klein suddenly had thoughts about staying a few more nights in the port city.

But considering that Anderson had already cleaned out most of the easy-to-find targets whose rewards could be readily collected, those remaining would certainly be troublesome. His spirits sank again as he asked coldly, "Aren't you afraid of retaliation after doing something like that in a pirates' playground?"

"What's there to worry about? I'm not afraid, even if they're subordinates of a pirate admiral. Heh heh, I believe you're the same. If they're men of the Four Kings, that's not a big problem either. We're about to leave, and the propagation of information takes time. By the time they come, I'd have changed ships and identities several times!" Anderson said without much concern.

Why are you cursing yourself again... Klein silently swept him a look of pity.

"Deal."

"Haha, here's 300 pounds. You'll have to wait for the remaining 1,200 until the bounty rewards and payment for the characteristics arrive. Don't worry, they'll definitely come today. It isn't much." Anderson took out a thick wallet stuffed with soli notes and handed them to Klein.

In consideration of his persona, Klein only did a simple count before stuffing the cash into his wallet and pockets. He said without emotion, "Buy two tickets to Oravi for tomorrow."

He didn't specifically remind Anderson to buy them under a different identity, as he believed the hunter before him was mature and experienced.

If he lacked experience or strength, the way he did things would've gotten him buried at sea long ago... Klein couldn't help but scoff inwardly.

"All right." Anderson pointed downstairs. "Breakfast together? My treat."

Klein nodded without refusing him.

Once they arrived downstairs, the two sat at a table near the window. Midway, a waiter brought white porcelain cups and teaspoons over.

Just as they began talking, the waiter's gaze suddenly went unfocused. Without warning, he picked up a teaspoon and stabbed it at Anderson's throat.

Although Anderson was surprised, his reaction was anything but slow. He immediately leaned backward and dodged the sudden strike.

Bang!

Not far away, the hotel's owner suddenly fired at Anderson as he dodged.

"W-what am I doing..." After the gunshot, the owner muttered, looking both alarmed and bewildered.

Chapter 677: Falling to the Ground

At the sound of the gunshot, Anderson abruptly collapsed to the floor, dodging the bullet in a comical fashion.

As for Klein, who didn't fully understand the situation, he jumped to the side and activated his Spirit Vision while pulling out his revolver.

At that instant, his first reaction was that Anderson had gone overboard in his hunting last night and was now the target of revenge. He only wished to shout, "I don't know him! It has nothing to do with me!"

At the table beside Anderson Hood, a stout man in a shirt with rolled-up sleeves threw aside his fork and knife. He suddenly drew an already-loaded double-barreled hunting rifle, aimed down from above, and pulled the trigger.

This series of actions began almost simultaneously with the hotel owner's, but the additional steps left the man a moment slower.

Bang!

The scattershot sprayed countless tiny pellets, riddling the floor with holes. Although Anderson dodged in time and avoided most of the blast, some pellets still struck him, immediately mangling his side.

Just as Klein was about to kill the stout man with the double-barreled hunting rifle and free Anderson Hood from danger, he realized that the man's expression had suddenly gone blank, just like the hotel owner's. Alarm and horror then filled his face, as though he had jolted awake from a stupor.

That's not right. They're not the true assailants... Klein rationally stopped attempting to pull the trigger. He quickly swept his gaze across the restaurant.

Discovering nothing with his Spirit Vision, he tapped his left thumb on the first segment of his index finger twice, activating his vision of Spirit Body Threads.

By then, all the ladies and gentlemen in the restaurant had risen in panic at the sudden gunfire and were rushing toward the exit.

As she passed the tumbling Anderson, a pretty, elegantly dressed lady suddenly stopped. She uncorked the dark glass bottle in her hand and poured its contents over the Strongest Hunter.

Sizzle!

Anything the liquid splashed rapidly blackened under its intense corrosion. Anderson covered his face and leaped up, dodging yet another attack.

Immediately following that, a gentle and cute lady, a gentleman with newspapers, a red-vested waiter, and a five-year-old child whose hands were stained with sweets attacked Anderson Hood in all kinds of manners.

Flour, lit matches, fruit knives, boiling coffee, and high-proof liquor inundated him. Almost everyone in the hotel restaurant seemed to have one goal--to kill Anderson Hood!

In this extraordinarily dangerous situation, despite no Beyonder powers being involved and no clear route of escape, Anderson employed a flurry of maneuvers--leaping, sending tables flying, and igniting objects ahead of time. He narrowly protected his vital points and avoided serious injury.

Meanwhile, Klein also noticed something abnormal.

Thin, illusory black Spirit Body Threads clearly extended from a corner of the restaurant concealed by a decorative cabinet, yet that area remained silent.

In this chaotic and panic-stricken restaurant, it appeared especially abnormal!

The true assailant who orchestrated this "murder by passersby" is sitting there? Judging by the confusion, bewilderment, horror, and panic the hotel owner, waiters, and guests showed after attacking Anderson, they haven't become marionettes. This is another form of control... An illusion, an emotional seed planted by a Desire Apostle, or some kind of psychological influence? An idea flashed through Klein's mind. He immediately took two steps forward and sent a customer with butter still clinging to the corner of his mouth flying, opening a path for Anderson Hood.

The Strongest Hunter immediately somersaulted out of the encirclement via the path that was opened up, and he ran up to the hotel's second floor. Then, with his back to the wall on the corner of the staircase, he gasped for air.

"Have my powers of provocation reached this level? Even ordinary residents I've never met want to kill me and have actually taken up arms? Man..." As he spoke, Anderson tugged at his right side and nearly cried out in pain.

No, no, no. The truth is that someone plagued by bad luck shouldn't do things like hunt pirates... Klein had abandoned his attempt to approach and control the target through their Spirit Body Threads because a possibility had occurred to him.

The passersby had been implanted with psychological cues or manipulated on the level of the psyche. Only that would make them attack Anderson in such an orderly fashion. This didn't match a Desire Apostle's Beyonder powers, as the manipulated passersby attacked with purpose and precision without displaying any observable signs of preparation. And Klein had previously heard the name of a Sequence 4 potion--Manipulator!

In addition, according to the Psychiatrist released from Creeping Hunger, Klein always suspected that Toscarter Island had a mission or figure related to the Psychology Alchemists.

In addition to the psychological cue and the control on the left side of the mind, it was rather similar to that of the Spectator pathway. Klein had long believed that a Manipulator very likely belonged to the Spectator or dragon pathway; thus, making the outline of the matter relatively clear.

The Psychology Alchemists truly do have an important base on Toscarter Island. They've even sent a Sequence 4 demigod to guard it. This demigod influences certain pirates, making them unknowingly do his bidding, but unfortunately for him, those pirates became Anderson Hood's sponsors last night. Hence, their true backer came knocking!

Keeping his expression in check, Klein looked at Anderson and said indifferently, "It's likely that one or more of the pirates from last night is involved with a hidden demigod on this island.

"Do you think something like this could be done by a Mid-Sequence Beyonder?"

"I can't be that unlucky, can I..." Anderson's voice dwindled to a mutter. "Indeed, those people were being controlled and are innocent. Thankfully, I didn't fight back, or I'd become the prime suspect in a shocking murder case and have a bounty placed on my head! Then I'd be in trouble and have no choice but to become a pirate."

The corners of Klein's mouth twitched slightly.

"If the ones being controlled had been pirates with Beyonder powers, Mandated Punishers, or priests of the Church of Storms, what would have happened?"

"I would already be dead." Anderson threw up his hands as he said in realization, "You mean he doesn't want me dead and only wants to give me a warning?"

Klein nodded gravely and said, "So you still have a chance.

"Yes, to apologize."

Go see what that demigod is up to.

"Apologize?" Anderson's face immediately scrunched up. Deeply conflicted, he forced out, "I have quite a reputation in the Fog Sea."

Klein didn't say a thing. He stood up, patted his coat, and prepared to walk off.

At that moment, Anderson lunged forward and rushed to the top of the stairs ahead of Klein. He yelled, "I'm sorry! It was my fault!

"We can talk about anything!"

He paused for a second and repeated, "I'm sorry! It was my fault!

"We can talk about anything!"

Clap! Clap! Clap! A series of slow claps sounded on the first floor as a figure appeared at the staircase.

Amid the light footsteps, the figure slowly walked to the bend, but Klein instinctively moved his gaze away as though he didn't wish to know what that person looked like.

In addition, he realized that he had no intention of raising his arms or aiming his gun. It was as though he had been cued and had lost the will to resist.

This is terrifying... Yes, it's not a face-to-face hypnosis, which is why I could detect it. But if I was directly targeted, the repercussions would be unimaginable... I can be influenced now. In the way Miss Justice would explain it, the other party will use the sea of collective subconscious to silently arrive beside my island of consciousness, and then they would do something to a certain extent? Klein came to a realization as he had the sudden urge to leave and return to his room.

This is the silent "instruction" given to me by the demigod? Klein roughly understood that the other party wished to communicate with Anderson in private; hence, he didn't resist and walked to the stairs before returning to his room.

In less than five minutes, Anderson knocked on his door with a pained expression.

"Done talking?" Klein asked without much surprise.

Anderson gave a heavy nod.

"Phew... Yes, he asked me to do something for him. As for what it is, I can't tell anyone."

"Do you still remember what he looks like?" Klein deliberately asked.

Anderson thought carefully as he suddenly frowned.

"I don't remember..."

As expected... Look at you. You offended a demigod for 1,600 pounds. It wasn't worth it at all... Klein sighed inwardly, then said, "Can we leave tomorrow?"

"Yes. That matter isn't urgent. Let's resolve the problem with my bad luck first," Anderson answered without hesitation.

Klein didn't speak further as he pointed at the floor.

"Still having breakfast?"

Anderson was taken aback at first, but then smiled.

"Of course!

"No type of frustration can influence eating and sleeping!"

The two went down to the first floor and discovered that the waiter was silently clearing up the shattered items. The boss and the customers had all forgotten what had happened.

After breakfast, Anderson went out again, busy collecting bounty rewards and payment for Beyonder characteristics. He also made certain preparations, while Klein remained in his hotel room, reining in the spirituality overflowing after his advancement and using worms to test his Marionettist powers.

At half past two in the afternoon, he went above the gray fog ahead of time and began rehearsing for the upcoming Tarot Gathering. After all, Mr. Fool had to punish The Hermit Cattleya with casual ease.

Seated in The Fool's chair, Klein rehearsed the three punishment plans he had devised over the past few days. Two required him to borrow some of this space's power, and two required props. Therefore, he needed to settle the entire process in advance and familiarize himself with it so that he wouldn't appear unpracticed at the critical moment.

After an unknown period of time, Klein exhaled and confirmed his plan.

Then, he conjured The World. Without any items, he saw the countless dense black threads that emanated from his body.

Items conjured with the power of the mysterious space above the gray fog possess a measure of spirituality... So they naturally come with Spirit Body Threads. In the real world, lifeless objects don't have any. With practiced ease, Klein manipulated the black threads and quickly took complete control of The World.

Now, not only could he give The World more intricate expressions and reactions that better resembled a real person's, but he could also make the marionette's spiritual fluctuations more natural. It would no longer appear lifeless!

Apart from that, he was like a player with two accounts, gaining access to The World's vision, hearing, and other senses.

After completing all of this, Klein glanced at his golden pocket watch, sent Little Sun a message, and began to silently count his heartbeats.

Chapter 678: Punishment

On both sides of the ancient, mottled bronze table, blurry figures emerged from the embrace of deep red beams and gradually turned corporeal. The surroundings remained as silent and empty as ever, as though no living creature had set foot there for millions of years.

"Good afternoon, Mr. Fool~" Audrey's brisk and cheerful voice soon resounded through the resplendent palace held up by stone columns.

Klein nodded with a smile, watching as the other members offered their greetings under Miss Justice's lead.

The Hermit Cattleya was noticeably reticent. Audrey could tell that much weighed on her mind.

After the greetings ended and the members took their seats, The Fool Klein glanced at Miss Justice. The Psychiatrist immediately understood his intentions and refrained from raising her hand to speak. He then looked at Cattleya and chuckled indifferently.

"Tell Bernadette that she can use certain items in exchange for some answers."

Bernadette... After hearing this familiar name which was neither Queen Mystic, the owner of Dawn, nor the leader of the Element Dawn, Cattleya realized that Mr. Fool already knew everything. Her cheap tricks were laid bare in front of "Him!"

Her heart sank, and intense fear gripped her. For a moment, she had no idea what attitude to adopt or how to respond.

To her, Mr. Fool's words were clear. Pass on the message, but only that one message; nothing else. She wasn't allowed to provide any other hints!

Cattleya believed she knew what "He" meant between the lines.

Bernadette? That's a common Intisian woman's name. Who could she be? What answers does she wish to obtain in exchange? What relationship does she have with Ma'am Hermit? Did Ma'am Hermit make a private request, and is Mr. Fool's answer "yes"? No, that isn't it. Definitely not. If it were a private and reasonable request, Ma'am Hermit wouldn't have deliberately mentioned it before us. "He" would've answered her prayers directly... Is "He" issuing a warning? A torrent of questions made Audrey forget to observe the other members. Then, with the acuity granted by the Spectator pathway, she grasped Mr. Fool's true intention.

Then, a particular theory occurred to her.

Ma'am Hermit privately hinted at the existence of our Tarot Club to this Ma'am Bernadette in hopes of obtaining certain answers... Mr. Fool is very displeased, so "He" exposed the matter directly and warned this first-time offender?

Seriously, why would you divulge matters of the Gathering to others? I haven't even told Susie! This will bring danger to everyone! Thankfully, Mr. Fool is around!

Audrey nearly puffed out her cheeks, forgetting her decorum and etiquette. For the first time, she realized that not every Tarot Club member shared her sense of belonging or showed the same reverence and faith in Mr. Fool.

The Hanged Man Alger, The Magician Fors, and The Moon Emlyn also had similar questions and theories, but their focus wasn't the same.

As Alger anticipated what Mr. Fool would do, he wondered whom Bernadette--a common Intisian woman's name--represented. He was curious why the reserved Hermit would risk divulging information about the Tarot Club. Fors worried that the Tarot Club's existence might be exposed, while instantly imagining a tale of spies and double agents. Emlyn watched with schadenfreude, believing The Hermit truly foolish.

Heh, even our Sanguine Ancestor treats Mr. Fool as an equal and sent me as an envoy to be nurtured. You aren't even a demigod, yet you tried to play petty tricks under Mr. Fool's gaze? Do you have a death wish? Indeed, I can't understand how short-lived creatures think. Emperor Roselle once said that insects born in summer can never truly know snow... Emlyn leaned back, relaxed, and made no attempt to hide his derisive shake of the head.

The Sun Derrick didn't have many thoughts on the matter; all he felt was that the mood wasn't right. Out of curiosity and puzzlement, he asked, "Mr. Fool, who's Bernadette?"

Good question! I thought Miss Justice would be the one asking. Yes, she seems a little angry, which is why she doesn't wish to speak... Klein silently commended him as he casually answered, "Roselle's eldest daughter;

"Owner of the Dawn;

"The leader of the Element Dawn."

He mentioned all of Bernadette's identities, making her appear without any secrets before all the Tarot Club members.

And the reason why he had used "Owner of the Dawn" in place of Queen Mystic was that Klein didn't believe that The Fool should address Bernadette as a queen.

The owner of the Dawn... Queen Mystic! She's actually Emperor Roselle's eldest daughter! Ha, The Hermit, I can now confirm that you're Admiral of Stars Cattleya. So the rumors that you fell out with Queen Mystic are false... Alger felt a surge of excitement. The restraint and pressure he had endured for the past three months vanished at once.

This made his staid self mock The Hermit inwardly.

Emperor Roselle once said that those who play with fire will ultimately burn themselves. And you, Admiral of Stars, dared to challenge a god's clairvoyance!

At that moment, Alger was rather thankful that, although he had attempted to pull off some cheap tricks and figure out Mr. Fool's identity, goals, and present state, he hadn't involved any outsiders. He hadn't divulged any information, so he hadn't suffered any punishment.

Since he had introduced the Four Kings and the Seven Pirate Admirals, Audrey and company only needed to recall that information to confirm that Bernadette was Queen Mystic, a demigod who reigned supreme over the Five Seas. They were also surprised that Emperor Roselle's eldest daughter was still alive and had become an important figure known throughout the world.

Are the answers Queen Mystic seeks hidden in Roselle's diary? Combining everything that had happened with what had been said, Audrey vaguely guessed Bernadette's goal. She believed the emperor's daughter wished to uncover the truth behind her father's assassination.

By then, Cattleya had regained the ability to think. She turned to face the head of the long bronze table and said without any hope of being excused, "Yes, I made a mistake. I won't defend myself. I was indeed wrong.

"Mr. Fool, no matter how much you punish me or even kill me, I'll accept it."

Hypocrite... If Mr. Fool really wishes to punish you, do you think you have any means of resistance? Mr. Hanged Man scoffed on the opposite side of the table. He could identify the problem with such a simple sentence.

Ma'am Hermit is still a little afraid... Audrey could notice the hidden fear from the minute actions and words Cattleya had used.

To her, people who deliberately emphasized their willingness to be executed were often afraid of dying right there and then.

Fors found her peace from The Fool's calm attitude, believing that there weren't any leaks about the Tarot Club; or that the leaks weren't anything important. Hence, like Emlyn, she waited curiously and expectantly for the punishment Mr. Fool would mete out.

Derrick remained clueless about what had happened, uncertain why Ma'am Hermit would suddenly request to be punished.

At that moment, seeing Mr. Fool's brief silence, Cattleya resisted her unease and lifted her head slightly, attempting to observe the existence behind the thick gray fog without being noticed. She hoped to discern "His" true intentions and give a better response. She didn't wish to make another mistake and provoke "Him," making the situation irredeemable.

A mysterious dark purple gleam suffused her black eyes as her gaze pierced the gray fog and reached The Fool.

Suddenly, Cattleya's eyes heated up as illusory blood bled from them.

A sinister, terrifying, and depraved language, accompanied by an indescribable roar, sounded in her ears. Excruciating pain instantly overwhelmed her senses, and her body began to convulse and tremble uncontrollably.

Her face, hands, and every area not concealed by clothing rapidly split open, revealing flesh and blood. Within them, black worms and white moths writhed, forming all manner of indescribable eyes.

Cattleya's cries and painful grunts resounded above the gray fog, causing Alger, Emlyn, Fors, and company to exchange looks as though they could sense the pain she was suffering.

Meanwhile, the blurry figure turned rather clear, allowing them to see The Hermit's mutation.

The disgusting and nasty scene frightened Audrey enough for her to look away. She straightened her back and looked straight ahead without daring to move.

Although the others didn't have such an exaggerated response, they also shared the same behavior.

The True Creator's ravings are indeed useful... Klein, who was shrouded in the thick gray fog, reflected from the bottom of his heart.

He hadn't immediately responded to Cattleya's request for punishment because he wanted to confirm whether there was anything special about her eyes and whether they could see beyond what he allowed!

For this, he had stirred some of the mysterious space's powers and hidden them ahead of time within the gray fog that shrouded him. This would connect anyone who used a Beyonder power to see through the obstacle to Tinder!

This was equivalent to the owner of the Beyonder power directly observing, on a psychic level, an item corrupted by the True Creator. Hence, because Klein wasn't using the gray fog to deliberately suppress the influence, Cattleya naturally heard the True Creator's ravings. The "organ" she used to activate the Beyonder power was severely damaged, and she was then subjected to extreme pain that caused her mutation!

If Admiral of Stars hadn't tried to observe him, Klein's plan had been to make her apologize to every Tarot Club member and let them discuss her punishment democratically.

And regardless of how democratic it was, the major punishment would ultimately be to stir some of the mysterious space's powers to connect Cattleya to Tinder!

After two seconds, Klein knew it was enough. He gently lowered his hand, allowing the gray fog to silently suppress the True Creator's ravings and reverse Cattleya's mutation.

The Admiral of Stars trembled as she visibly calmed down. The cracks in her skin gradually closed as her thoughts returned, allowing her to take in her surroundings once again.

At that moment, Alger said in a deep voice, as though warning himself, "Do not pry into the mysteries of God..."

Chapter 679: Murder Request

"Do not pry into the mysteries of God..."

Alger's whisper soon faded, but it continued to echo in everyone's ears, forcing them to recognize a reality.

Although Mr. Fool seldom put on airs or spoke, and answered nearly every request they made, making "Him" seem warm and approachable, "He" was ultimately a god whose mysteries must not be pried into. "He" was a god who transcended reality!

Audrey, Emlyn, and the other Tarot Club members instinctively accepted Mr. Hanged Man's altered saying, pretending that they had forgotten the original wording, "do not look directly at God." After all, they looked at Mr. Fool from time to time while asking him questions or seeking his advice, and Mr. Fool didn't seem to mind.

Of course, we weren't looking at him directly due to the thick gray fog's obstruction... From Ma'am Hermit's outcome, Mr. Fool had done so for our own good... Audrey slowly exhaled.

At that moment, The Fool Klein thought, Mr. Hanged Man is cooperating wonderfully. I was prepared to control The World and have him say something similar to complete the final step of the punishment...

He had originally felt that making the fake World say something like "do not lie to God" or "do not pry into the mysteries of God" would be rather embarrassing. If people ever learned that the so-called Blessed, the so-called World, was actually The Fool's alternate identity, he would be too ashamed to face anyone. But on second thought, The World had done similar things before, so one more would make no difference. Besides, he simply had to ensure no one ever found out, right?

Having overcome his mental barrier, Klein had planned on acting according to his rehearsals, but to his surprise, reality went better than he had expected. The Hanged Man seemed to be shocked to the bone as a result of The Hermit's punishment. As such, he helped him say the sentence "do not pry into the mystery of God," making the effects even more natural and perfect!

Yes... The Fool only touched briefly on Ma'am Hermit's leak of information about the Tarot Club. "He" warned her through the implications behind "His" words, while her subsequent suffering resulted from prying into the mysteries of a god. It wasn't truly The Fool's intent...

This is the outcome I wanted most. It effectively preserves The Fool's image. After all, a god wouldn't stoop to being petty with mortals; that would only tarnish "His" reputation...

However, the way Ma'am Hermit does things is way too bold. I just realized and confirmed today that she has pried into the mysteries of The Fool more than once. Although it wasn't for any vile motives, it's also something worth punishing her for. Heh, my previous reactions must've made her believe that I had "acquiesced" her "observations," so she made it a habit. In the end, she ended up falling headfirst into my expectations...

In addition, she directly hinted to outsiders without fully grasping Mr. Fool's attitude. Her audacity is truly extraordinary. Clearly, she hasn't suffered enough in the past. Today's lesson should remain firmly engraved in her memory for a very long time...

Thinking back to her state in her dream, all of this seems pretty much the expected outcome... Sparing the rod spoils the child!

Heh heh, as a result, I also managed to awe Mr. Hanged Man and the other members today. Amused, Klein muttered inwardly, surveyed the gathering, and said calmly, "That shall be all."

Hearing this, The Hermit Cattleya, whose Spirit Body had just recovered, relaxed. Intense fatigue and joy surged through her. All she wanted was a reclining chair where she could rest for a while.

The first time is a warning, but the second won't end so pleasantly... The pirate admiral sighed inwardly and warned herself not to attempt any more petty tricks or imagine that her hints could fool Mr. Fool. Nor could she ever again try to pry into "His" secrets!

The pain she received was in no way weaker than the torment of having knowledge injected into her by the Hidden Sage. Therefore, she believed without a doubt that Mr. Fool was essentially a god, a true god, an unfathomable god whose mysteries couldn't be pried into!

Thankfully, Her Majesty now knows where she can trade for the answers she has been desperately seeking all this time... I won't need to hint at anything or tip her off in the future... Cattleya turned her body to the side again, trembling as she looked at the end of the long bronze table. This time, she only dared to look at the end of the table or the armrest. The dark purple hue in her eyes had also turned faint.

Amid the silence, she said sincerely, "I'll remember your leniency in sparing me."

In the gray fog, The Fool Klein nodded gently without repeating his previous words.

After waiting a moment, The Magician Fors straightened her back, looked around, and spoke before Justice Audrey could.

"Everyone, is anyone interested in an assassination mission?

"The target is an important member of a cult."

Grateful for the favors her teacher, Dorian Gray, had given her, Fors had been recently hoping to do something for him.

After some consideration, she set her sights on the Aurora Order Oracle who had inflicted immense harm on her teacher's family--Lewis Wien, who might be a Scribe or a Traveler!

Fors hadn't let Leymano's Travels go to her head to the point that she believed she could kill an experienced Sequence 6 or Sequence 5 Beyonder adept at escaping. She entertained the idea only because she believed the secret organization backing her, the Tarot Club, could provide unimaginable support.

Ma'am Hermit and Mr. World both appear to have the means to fight Lewis Wien. With any of them taking action, and with me using Leymano's Travels to help, it's not impossible for us to succeed... Fors began formulating the most ideal situation.

Of course, she knew her current savings weren't enough to kill a powerful Beyonder like Lewis Wien. After all, her 830 pounds probably couldn't even buy one of his hands. She knew very well that Miss Audrey Hall had once spent more than 10,000 pounds to kill the Intisian ambassador, a Sequence 6 Conspirer. The cost of assassinating Lewis Wien, who was of a similar or even higher Sequence, was obvious!

Fors planned to accept a series of requests from whoever carried out the mission, helping them complete matters they found inconvenient to handle themselves in order to pay off the cost. She believed that after obtaining Leymano's Travels, she was equipped with the abilities to complete certain difficult tasks.

After hearing Miss Magician's request, The Hermit Cattleya, The Hanged Man Alger, and Justice Audrey cast their gazes onto The World. They believed that this gentleman, one who had a unique penchant for hunting Beyonders, possessed the necessary strength.

I'm not in Backlund... However, I can't respond that way. Otherwise, it would reveal to Mr. Hanged Man and Ma'am Hermit that Mr. Fool might have only two or three Blessed... Klein controlled The World, overcoming his emotions as he laughed hoarsely.

"Where? Which cult?

"What's his Sequence? What unique powers does he have?"

Eh, Mr. World is a little different from before... I can't explain it clearly, but it feels like he's suddenly in a better mood. Perhaps he recently encountered something worth celebrating... Audrey suddenly noticed the difference and excitedly imagined what might have happened to Mr. World.

Fors happily replied, "He's an Oracle of the Aurora Order in Backlund. He was formerly a Sequence 6, but he might be a Sequence 5 now. I can't be certain.

"He can record the Beyonder powers that others have used and can use them once. He's good at escaping any form of entrapment, and it's difficult to surround him. Perhaps, he might be able to travel through the spirit world..."

The target is an Oracle from the Aurora Order, a Sequence 6 or 5, with powers seemingly from the Apprentice pathway... Indeed, Miss Magician doesn't appear as simple and ordinary as she seems. My original judgment was right... Cattleya quickly returned to her usual state. She wasn't surprised that The Magician would actually dare conspire against a particular gentleman from the Aurora Order.

As for which Oracle he was, she wasn't sure because the only ones she knew were Mr. Z and Ma'am D.

Meanwhile, Klein also quickly evaluated the situation.

An Oracle of the Aurora Order can't possibly be innocent. He's a madman who destroys lives. I won't feel guilty for killing him...

It's not like I haven't offended the Aurora Order more than once or twice...

Sequence 6 or 5; that's something I can handle... I've seen something that matches the trait of recording and releasing Beyonder powers as described by Miss Magician. Mr. A had used it before, but it might not really be it...

It doesn't matter to me whether he's skilled at escaping or traveling through the spirit world. As long as I can get close and successfully control his Spirit Body Threads, he won't be able to flee!

It's hard to tell what will happen in a direct clash. I do have quite a solid chance of success if I sneak an attack in. Of course, succeeding at a sneak attack is a whole other matter...

After some serious consideration, The World looked at The Magician Fors.

"I can consider taking on the job, but not anytime soon. It will be at least two months before I can do so."

He wasn't sure what other mishaps he would encounter at sea, so he gave himself a generous margin of time.

"Two months later..." Fors repeated, visibly torn.

It was too long; besides, she wasn't sure how long Lewis Wien would stay in Backlund.

At that moment, Alger, who had been watching from the side, considered the matter and interjected, "Miss Magician, do you need to kill that Aurora Order Oracle personally?"

"No. As you can see, I'm considering asking Mr. World for help," Fors replied with a smile.

Alger nodded as though in thought.

"The premise of killing someone is to be able to find the Oracle. Can you find him?"

"No, but I'll investigate," Fors answered frankly.

"Why don't you get The World to do it after your investigations bear fruit?" The Hanged Man pressed.

"Yes, but I haven't decided." Fors was somewhat confused, unaware of why Mr. Hanged Man was asking her all these questions.

Alger sneered.

"If you can confirm the Aurora Order Oracle's location, why spend a large sum hiring someone to kill him? Wouldn't reporting him directly to the Churches be enough? After the Great Smog, none of the Churches will ignore a related lead."

He wasn't trying to make The World lose any business. Instead, he had clearly read the dilemma inside her, believing that there was a higher possibility of her not going through with the request. After all, too many incidents might happen in two months. Therefore, he gave some suggestions to ensure that this matter reached some preliminary agreement.

Report him to the Churches? This sounds familiar... Klein was surprised, never expecting Mr. Hanged Man to say something like that.

Heh heh, while everyone is being influenced by Mr. Hanged Man, he has also been influenced by us... Klein immediately felt relieved and rather pleased.

"Report?" Fors was momentarily stunned.

After a few seconds, she whispered, "That's possible..."

The Hanged Man smiled upon hearing that.

"You can proceed this way. First, investigate your target and track down his whereabouts. If you learn anything within two months, you can hand the matter over to the Church. If it takes longer than two months, Mr. World will be free to provide the help you need. What do you think?"

Fors seriously considered it and said, "Okay.

"When the time comes, I'll discuss the price with Mr. World."

Chapter 680: New Thoughts

After receiving The World's nod of assent and settling the matter regarding Lewis Wien, Fors thought for a moment and continued, "Everyone, does anyone have a Meteorite Crystal or the crystallized blood of a Lavos Squid, or any information about them?"

These were the main ingredients of the Astrologer potion formula.

Fors had originally planned to continue making requests, hoping that Mr. Moon, who was also in Backlund, could help her find Lewis Wien. After some consideration, however, she decided to try on her own first. Only after confirming that there were no solutions or clues would she request the Tarot Club's help.

Meteorite Crystal? Crystallized blood of a Lavos Squid? That sounds familiar... Is it because I know the Seer potion formula? Yes, it's familiar because the Seer potion's main ingredients are 50 grams of Star Crystal and 10 milliliters of Lavos Squid blood! The Astrologer's main ingredients are like upgraded versions of the Seer's... Indeed, the Apprentice and Seer pathways can be interchanged at the higher Sequences... With this in mind, Klein suddenly had an idea.

Since the Bizarro Sorcerer potion formula is so difficult to obtain, with all three options being extremely dangerous, should I consider Sequence 4 of a neighboring pathway instead? Such as Apprentice!

Once he had this idea, he brightened up as he felt that most of his predicament had vanished.

And the Tarot Club has a lead on the Apprentice pathway's Sequence 4 potion formula: the Abraham family behind The Magician!

With this in mind, The World unconsciously gave Miss Magician a gentler look. Fors shuddered, wondering whether Mr. World had already devised a plan to hunt Lewis Wien.

At that moment, The Fool Klein recalled another problem. According to the theory proposed by Dunn and Daly, the first five Sequences of the Seer pathway showed no obvious progression. Each represented one aspect of its Beyonder powers. Then, at the critical point of Sequence 4, all five would converge and clench like a fist, producing a qualitative change.

Back when Captain and Ma'am Daly formulated this theory, they only knew bits of information regarding Seer, Clown, and Magician. I was only able to verify the idea for the subsequent Faceless and Marionettist Sequences myself... So, could it be that the Seer, Apprentice, and possible Marauder pathways cannot be interchanged at Sequence 4, but at Sequence 3? Klein slowly felt his joy dwindle again.

He knew too little and was temporarily unable to make a judgment. All he could do was await Mr. Azik's reply and wait to leave the waters which were watched by the True Creator before contacting Arrodes.

As Klein was thinking, he suddenly heard Cattleya say, "I have the crystallized blood of a Lavos Squid. It will cost 600 pounds.

"As for Meteorite Crystal, I know where to get it from. How many grams do you need?"

600 pounds, a very reasonable price... Pleasantly surprised, Fors replied, "60 grams."

"All right, I'll give it to you within two weeks. It will also cost 600 pounds," Cattleya said clearly and succinctly.

It was resolved just like that... Ma'am Hermit is really eager to participate today. Yes, she had just been... Fors quickly nodded.

"That won't be an issue."

I have 830 pounds in savings. That's enough for me to buy the crystallized blood of a Lavos Squid. But in two weeks, I still need to save up nearly 400 pounds. The royalties after the new year will be paid soon. It's about 150 pounds, making me lack 220 pounds. I have to think of ways to earn money again... Fors quickly calculated her financial situation.

Seeing how Miss Magician took only a minute to gather the main ingredients for her potion, Justice Audrey couldn't hold back either. She raised her hand slightly and said, "I wish to obtain the complete pituitary gland of an adolescent mind dragon, but if that's not possible, 60 ml of a Black-hunting Giant Lizard's spinal fluid and one fruit of an Illusory Chime Tree."

This was the main ingredient of the Hypnotist potion. If she obtained the complete pituitary gland of the adolescent mind dragon, then there was no need for any other corresponding ingredients.

Just as Audrey said that, she heard Ma'am Hermit reply.

"Since the Fifth Epoch, mind dragons have nearly gone extinct and are difficult to find.

"I have the means of obtaining the spinal fluid of a Black-hunting Giant Lizard, but it will also take two to three weeks. The price ranges from 1,500 to 2,000 pounds, as I'm not the one who decides it.

"I can help you keep a lookout for the fruit of an Illusory Chime Tree, but I cannot guarantee anything."

W-what astonishing efficiency... After Ma'am Hermit was punished, her sense of belonging to the Tarot Club seems to have increased. She's more active and approachable... Audrey was momentarily speechless.

After a few seconds of silence, she bowed slightly and said, "No problem."

Alger, who had been watching from the sidelines, suddenly felt that events weren't unfolding as he had expected. Having been punished by Mr. Fool, The Hermit abandoned her role as a passive observer. She began involving herself in every matter she could during the Tarot Gathering. And with the strength, background, resources, and channels of a pirate admiral, she immediately produced an intense and blinding light!

This "blinded" Alger so much that he could hardly open his eyes. He strongly felt that his position was at risk.

At that moment, he wished for Ma'am Hermit to return to her former state.

Klein also felt surprised by what he heard and saw.

I thought Ma'am Hermit would remain silent for a while and feel some aversion toward the Tarot Club, but in the end...

Is she the type that needs to be beaten in order to be obedient?

Yes... Sparing the rod spoils the child. Queen Mystic must've spared the rod too often... Heh, Queen Mystic's methods aren't anything to praise either. The emperor also spared the rod!

As he mocked her inwardly, Klein made The World survey the gathering before chuckling.

"Does anyone have the Seer pathway's Sequence 4 potion formula, or any clues regarding it?"

Sequence 4... Mr. World is beginning his advance toward the realm of demigods? Audrey was surprised.

She had imagined that she was advancing quickly enough and had felt a little proud of it. But now, she suddenly realized that she was falling behind!

Mr. World suddenly seems so far above me... Fors was similarly surprised.

Although she felt that the silent, reserved, and unsociable Mr. World was a powerful Beyonder, she believed that he was still far from becoming a demigod, a Sequence 4. But to her surprise, he was already seeking to purchase the Sequence 4 potion formula.

As expected of Mr. Fool's Blessed... Alger sighed.

Likewise, Emlyn and Derrick shook their heads, expressing that they had never heard of the name of the pathway's Sequence 4.

Klein had believed that he could obtain clues from the City of Silver or the Sanguine, but he could only helplessly withdraw The World's gaze.

After a few seconds, Cattleya said, "I need a drop of blood from a mythical creature, regardless of the kind."

In the palace held up by stone columns, silence suddenly reigned. Even The World didn't know exactly what constituted a mythical creature.

Klein didn't expose this point as he planned on inquiring about it to the people he could ask in the future. He controlled The World to remain silent for a few seconds before saying, "I'll keep an eye out."

As this was a rare request from Ma'am Hermit, Justice and company also gave similar responses.

"All right." Cattleya wasn't surprised by this outcome.

She had made the request only to show Mr. Fool her willingness to integrate into the Tarot Club. She believed this was better than trembling in apprehension while trying to dispel the aftereffects of what had happened.

After a brief pause, Derrick was about to say something when Emlyn spoke out ahead of him.

The Sanguine Baron chuckled.

"The requests for our side are clear. He wants the Sun pathway's Sequence 6 Notary potion formula, while Mr. Hanged Man wants the Ocean Songster formula."

Hearing this, Klein suddenly felt a little guilty. When he first obtained Creeping Hunger, he had wanted to quickly release the Priest of Light within it and obtain the Sun pathway's Sequence 6 and 5 potion formulas to sell to Little Sun. Yet he still hadn't done so.

I'll walk around Toscarter's pier tonight. I'll find a pirate with Beyonder powers who deserves to die, or a gang leader, and resolve this emergency regardless of their Sequence... Or I can release the Priest of Light directly... Klein made The World appear to deliberate before saying, "I'll provide you with the Notary potion formula in three days."

With that, he looked at Little Sun.

"You can consider what item you wish to exchange for it."

"All right, Mr. World," Derrick replied gleefully.

As for the Ocean Songster potion formula The Hanged Man needed, no one had any clues.

Emlyn cleared his throat and said, "My request is different from last time.

"I hope that you can help me find the believers of the Primordial Moon. Every effective clue will be rewarded with 100 pounds. A direct confirmation will be 500 pounds!"

He looked at Mr. Fool as he made the request and, after obtaining "His" approval, conjured five things that resembled bounty notices. Each person received a set of the five bounties. He and Derrick didn't receive one.

Klein controlled The World to pick it up and casually browsed through it.

Galis Kevin, Dandy, Lara, Windsor Behring, Argos... They aren't weak at all. At the very least, they're equivalent to recently born Vampires... he silently muttered to himself as he memorized the corresponding information.

After completing this matter, Emlyn felt more confident about winning the "competition." He leaned back casually and waited for the other members to issue requests.

This time, no one spoke again.

Seeing this, The Fool Klein chuckled.

"Continue your free exchange."

Instantly, Audrey, Alger, Cattleya, and company turned their eyes to Derrick.

They remembered that The Sun had previously mentioned that he would have arrangements to join an exploration mission that involved the periphery of the Giant King's Court.

Chapter 681: Indirect Answer

Despite finding himself the center of attention, Derrick did not falter. He eagerly said, "I recently joined an exploration team led by the Chief to Afternoon Town.

"It's a key gateway that leads to the Giant King's Court. It's a door that separates myth from reality."

His opening immediately captured the interest of all the Tarot Club members, who awaited the rest of his account in various postures.

Derrick quickly went over the less important events of their journey and began his story with Afternoon Town itself. He first described the deathly silence and darkness, then explained how his three-member team had discovered an underground altar. He went on to describe how he had identified the names--Ouroboros, Medici, and Sasrir--and unknowingly entered another side of the town. There, he saw titles such as Dark Angel and the words Rose Redemption.

Having said that, he thanked Mr. Fool once again for "His" help in escaping the predicament.

Derrick then briefly described the monsters their shadows had transformed into before focusing on the ecclesiastic performing perpetual penance in the half-collapsed cathedral.

He paraphrased what the ecclesiastic had said, mentioning that the ecclesiastic suddenly self-destructed when he was about to say the name of the fourth King of Angels and was burned to a crisp by a transparent flame.

Another King of Angels! And Afternoon Town has such a dark, frightening atmosphere. The ecclesiastic's penitence has a certain, hmm--air of a prophet foretelling a calamity... Audrey listened with fascination, her curiosity about the blank line and unspeakable name piqued.

At that moment, Derrick turned his body and looked at the end of the bronze table, sincerely asking, "Mr. Fool, who was it that tempted Dark Angel Sasrir? Who does the fourth name refer to? Why can't it be said?"

Here it comes... Behind the gray fog, Klein's smile nearly froze.

The reason that he had hurriedly sent Little Sun back to the real world was that he was afraid of facing such a question!

Back then, he was worried that Little Sun would inquire about Dark Angel Sasrir, and now, he was facing a question he didn't know the answer to.

Thankfully, a Magician never performed unprepared. After that day, Klein had naturally begun to seriously consider how to answer such questions. Now, projecting great confidence, he rested his right palm on the armrest and said with a profound, meaningful glint in his eyes:

"It's because it's concealed."

He used his gaze and body language to hint to the Tarot Club members that "concealment" wasn't to be taken at face value and had a deeper, more substantial meaning. As for what it was, they had to figure it out themselves. Deities had compelling reasons to conceal certain matters.

After this performance, Klein couldn't help but feel guilty. He felt that his air of charlatanry was growing stronger. At the same time, he regretted that The Hermit's prying into his secrets had resulted from his own enticements. Mr. Fool would use "His" gaze and body language to provide additional hints; thus, all the members would subconsciously observe "His" attitude.

That's because I have no other choice. Without doing this, how am I supposed to continue the act... It's not like I'm a real evil god! Klein sighed silently.

Secret? The name itself is a secret? Is this what Mr. Fool is pointing to? Hmm, which names are concealed... True gods at Sequence 0? Alger instantly thought of many things, forming a theory by combining them with the matters Little Sun had previously mentioned.

When a name itself becomes concealed, it means that the matter involves a true god. Moreover, the Evernight Goddess is likely involved, because she's the Mother of Concealment! The extreme danger of the darkness in the Forsaken Land of God indirectly proves this point... Based on her knowledge and Mr. Fool's hint, Cattleya formed an unconfirmed theory.

At the same time, she was almost certain that the calamity the ecclesiastic was referring to was the Cataclysm that ended the Third Epoch.

A King of Angels who was tempted, the residents of Afternoon Town falling from grace, a town gradually corrupted, and a black flower of calamity blooming. All of that buried an epoch and created the Forsaken Land of God... What a profound sense of history... Cattleya couldn't help but think solemnly.

While the Tarot Club members contemplated, Klein also began analyzing why one name was blank and the other couldn't be spoken.

Could it be the true name of a deity? A true god had tempted Dark Angel Sasrir, and the fourth name representing the King of Angels also became a true god later?

But it's not like I haven't said the true name of a deity before. Primordial Demoness Cheek is understood by many to be on the same level as the seven deities. It's not like anything happened in the end...

Perhaps it has something to do with the language used? The languages of Loen, Intis, and Feysac, and even ancient Feysac do not possess the ability to stir the powers of nature. On the other hand, the commonly used Jotun in the City of Silver can. That ecclesiastic likely used a similar language.

I should later try to pronounce Cheek using Jotun? Then, I'll die on the spot and succeed in courting death... Forget it. Besides, having a blank name and an unspeakable name means different things... I've no idea why.

At that moment, seeing how Little Sun was still in a confused daze without understanding Mr. Fool's meaningful hint, Alger volunteered to give an explanation.

"The two names might separately represent two deities, so they cannot be said.

"Perhaps the True Creator had tempted Dark Angel Sasrir, leading to the fall from grace of the few Kings of Angels and the residents of Afternoon Town. This brought about a great calamity. It's why 'He' has a temple and statue in your Forsaken Land of God.

"The fourth name that corresponds to a King of Angels might have benefited greatly from the calamity and succeeded in advancing to become a true god."

This is similar to my guess, but they can't be confirmed... Cattleya did not add anything, as she didn't believe that their theories were facts.

Audrey, Fors, and Emlyn listened attentively as they could not help but feel poignant that the Tarot Club often made things seem exceptionally lofty when discussing such matters. Things like Kings of Angels, evil gods and true gods, or ancient secrets all depended on a single word.

"Is that so... I get it." Derrick understood as he earnestly thanked Mr. Fool once again.

Just as he was about to turn around, he suddenly recalled something and worriedly asked, "Mr. Fool, is the crux to leaving the Forsaken Land of God really in the Giant King's Court?"

After all this time, he had already accepted Mr. Hanged Man's take that the region where the City of Silver was located was known as the Forsaken Land of God.

That's what I believe, but the problem is that I'm unable to confirm it... To not search for the sea and switch to exploring the Giant King's Court was likely Shepherd Lovia's suggestion. This can partially verify my theory, but it cannot eliminate the possibility that it's a conspiracy... The Fool Klein's smile nearly froze again.

His mind raced as he searched of a solution that didn't need him to give a direct answer without tarnishing Mr. Fool's reputation.

He immediately chuckled, turned toward The Hermit Cattleya.

"Speaking of this matter, heh. Bernadette already knows the method for entering the Forsaken Land of God."

Cattleya immediately recalled her vague memories of the dream and subconsciously looked at the end of the bronze table.

"It's that projection?"

Before she finished speaking, she suddenly realized that she was sizing up Mr. Fool again. She hurriedly closed her eyes and said, "M-my Eye of Mystery Prying is instinctive. It can only be enhanced and not be deactivated. I need to rely on a mystical item to seal it..."

But it doesn't exist here.

Is that so... Klein nodded gently.

"You can conjure a pair of glasses."

"Yes, Mr. Fool." Cattleya followed the instructions and conjured a pair of glasses.

During this process, Klein stirred a minute amount of the power above the gray fog and infused it into the pair of glasses.

By the time Cattleya wore them, she discovered that her Eye of Mystery Prying had been sealed as she had expected.

Only then did Fors and company realize that Ma'am Hermit's eyes were highly unusual. They had something to do with prying into mysteries, and their power didn't need to be deliberately activated!

It's no wonder we failed to notice it. Ma'am Hermit was severely injured because of her attempt to pry into the mysteries of Mr. Fool... Audrey moved her lips in realization, having one of her questions answered.

As for Alger, who recalled how The Hermit had previously sized him up and how he had been wearing the clergy clothes of the Church of Storms, his face nearly darkened.

Klein didn't wait for the members to calm down. He chuckled and replied to Cattleya's previous question.

"It's that projection.

"The projection of the Giant King's Court."

"So it's the projection of the Giant King's Court..." Cattleya muttered in pleasant surprise.

Then, her mind went adrift as she thought, She likely also knows this answer...

Derrick took several seconds to digest the conversation between Ma'am Hermit and Mr. Fool, and he vaguely understood. The key to entering the Forsaken Land of God concerned the projection of the Giant King's Court!

Thus, the crux to leaving the Forsaken Land of God is really in the Giant King's Court? Derrick's heart palpitated as he bowed his head in excitement.

"Thank you for your answer, Mr. Fool."

Phew... Klein silently heaved a sigh of relief. He felt that such a situation was extremely draining on his brain.

Alger controlled his emotions as he looked around before looking at The Hermit.

"Where's the projection of the Giant King's Court?"

He dared not ask Mr. Fool, as his question about the Forsaken Land of God had previously been rejected.

Cattleya answered frankly, "In the waters at the easternmost edge of the Sonia Sea. In the nighttime dreams of those waters.

"I wanted to share with all of you what I encountered this time."

Audrey and Fors simultaneously slowed their breathing as they excitedly waited for Ma'am Hermit to recount her encounters, which were bound to be fantastic.

Chapter 682: Seeking "Fool"

Cattleya controlled herself without looking at The World Gehrman. She said in a deep and slow voice, "Northeast from the Gargas Archipelago, there's a safe sea route that allows one to enter those dangerous waters..."

She began her account with the deep abyss that separated the seas, the sun chariot that couldn't be viewed directly, the night that required them to sleep, the terrifying ravings that filled the entire sea, and the shadow of the Giant King's Court that stood on the opposite mountain peak in the dream world.

During this process, she didn't mention Gehrman Sparrow at all, deliberately avoiding any mention of him. Regarding the abnormalities that happened en route, she described them simply, such as the remnant aura of Earth Mother which caused hair to grow rapidly.

Near the end, she focused on the ruin with a sleeping corpse and the adventurers' sailboat that bore the words "Fountain of Unaging" written in blood.

"This might mean that the Fountain of Unaging is in that ruin, and the corpse producing such loud breathing is its guardian." Cattleya was merely mentioning the prevailing theory aboard the Future; it wasn't necessarily her own.

Fountain of Unaging... One of the six major treasures at sea... Alger was tempted by what he heard as he considered the possibility of exploring those ruins after reaching Sequence 5.

Audrey finished listening attentively as she shook her head slightly.

"I don't believe those words in blood conclusively mean that the Fountain of Unaging is in those ruins."

After a brief pause, she attempted to analyze the deceased's state of mind.

"A person on the verge of death after being attacked by monsters wouldn't point out matters concerning a treasure. If he wanted to warn companions or relatives who came looking for him, he should've written that the place was dangerous or explained the source of the danger. If he intended to tell passing ships that the Fountain of Unaging was there, then, as a living creature at death's door, he had no motivation to do so. Unless a conspiracy is hidden in this matter--perhaps enticing people into the ruin to seek the Fountain of Unaging is how he can be rescued."

"Yes, if I were in his shoes, I wouldn't desperately try to tell others that there was treasure here. What's in it for me?" Emlyn echoed. "Only hatred--bone-deep hatred--would make me write something like that on the brink of death. Otherwise, I'd rather tell others how I wished to be buried or what kind of grave goods I wanted!"

He tsked and shook his head.

Klein nodded indiscernibly. Controlling The World, he said hoarsely, "The Fountain of Unaging is a scam."

He used absolutely certain words without any qualification.

The Fountain of Unaging is a scam... Cattleya looked at The World before retracting her gaze thoughtfully.

It seemed to corroborate certain theories and guesses she had.

Alger frowned, not that he didn't agree with The World's judgment or that he believed that Miss Justice's and Mr. Moon's explanations were devoid of reason. Instead, he realized that he had completely failed to consider this possibility!

To him, this was a mistake he shouldn't have made!... After all these years, I'm still momentarily blinded by enormous profit... He fell silent for several seconds and sighed.

After exchanging what everyone had seen and heard recently, everyone began to teach Little Sun ancient Hermes, and they learned some mysticism from each other.

Time quickly passed as The Fool Klein looked around after everyone came to a stop.

"Let's end it here for today."

"By your will." Audrey stood up immediately and curtsied with her illusory dress. The rest of the members said the same almost simultaneously.

As he watched the blurry figures vanish before his eyes, Klein was in no hurry to leave. He conjured a goatskin and fountain pen and wrote down the divination statement:

"The hope for my advancement to Sequence 4."

Putting down the fountain pen, Klein held the goatskin and leaned back. As he closed his eyes, he entered a Cogitation state and began silently reciting the divination statement.

After chanting it seven times, he quickly fell asleep and entered the dream world.

The gray, blurry sky cracked open as he saw a towering mountain tear through the clouds.

At the mountaintop stood a collapsed palace whose walls were covered in weeds and moss and riddled with conspicuous holes.

Inside the palace's hall was a huge throne carved out of stone. It was adorned with dull gemstones and gold. It was mostly mottled and damaged.

It seemed not to have been prepared for a human, for countless translucent maggots were densely clustered upon it. They squirmed slowly and continuously grew.

Around the throne echoed ravings that seemed to penetrate the long river of time and history. They were illusory, ethereal, and unceasing.

"Hornacis... Flegrea... Hornacis... Flegrea... Hornacis... Flegrea..."

The moment the ravings entered his ear, Klein jolted awake before he frowned.

It is indeed the main peak of the Hornacis mountain range. Moreover, I can see and hear it more clearly than before...

This reminded him of Queen Mystic Bernadette's prophetic words: "Your fate lies on the main peak of the Hornacis mountain range."

Is that my fate? It really makes me want to be rebellious and not go... Sigh, I can't deal with absolutes. It depends... Klein sighed and conjured the five bounty notices provided by Emlyn White. Combining the information he had, he used the methods of divination to find the locations of the Primordial Moon believers.

At last, due to his lack of information, he could only confirm two points.

Galis Kevin, Windsor Behring, and Argos are all in Backlund.

Dandy and Lara are at Enmat Harbor and Pritz Harbor respectively.

This is as good as nothing... Klein shook his head and returned to the real world.

Recalling how he had already agreed to provide Little Sun with the Notary potion formula within three days, he wore his coat and a top hat, and he prepared to head out to find a target.

When he opened the door and came to the stairwell, he saw Anderson Hood walking up, twirling his deer-hunting cap with his hand while humming a folk song.

This fellow is really good at recovering from setbacks... He was just taught a lesson by a demigod in the morning and was forced to apologize and agree to a request, but I don't see any sign of trauma from him anymore... It's no wonder he became a Sequence 5 powerhouse. Just this state of mind alone makes it difficult for him to lose control... Klein looked at him, nodding slightly as a greeting.

"Good afternoon, Gehrman." Anderson chuckled as he waved his hand. "I've received the bounty and characteristic money. I'll pay you the rest now."

As he spoke, he took out stacks of cash of different thickness from different pockets.

"It went rather smoothly, I see," Klein commented without much emotion.

Anderson immediately laughed.

"That's right. It went far more smoothly than I imagined! Those fellows who ought to have rocks for brains were surprisingly friendly, polite, and efficient! I even wonder whether I've become a Blessed of Lady Luck!"

"There's no such deity." Klein ruthlessly shattered his fantasies.

"Why so serious? It's life. Relax a little. Relax a little." Anderson handed over the remaining 1,200 pounds. "Actually, I know exactly what happened. That gentleman didn't want me to waste my time, so he quietly 'exhorted' those people."

Klein glanced at the cash, pressed a hand to it, and asked in passing, "Have you confirmed which pirates gave you the problem?"

He was asking about the prey that resulted in the Manipulator's involvement.

"There's no way to confirm it," Anderson said with a bitter smile. "Do you think I didn't investigate beforehand? Although I appear nonchalant in front of you, I investigate my prey's background and circumstances ahead of time to avoid provoking someone I can't afford to offend. Who could've known... Sigh, I can only blame my bad luck." This fellow is more careful than I thought... That's right, his previous Sequence was called Conspirer... Klein realized before asking indifferently, "Who deserves death the most in this area?"

Anderson was taken aback before he chuckled.

"Does our craziest adventurer plan on beginning his hunting activities?

"Yet you have to consider it well. I do not wish for you to be my partner when completing the demigod's mission."

Don't worry, we're different. I'm a Seer. I have various means to hide my tracks. I will not allow someone to come knocking at my door. Besides, that's a demigod of the Spectator pathway. He's not good at divination or prophecies... Klein maintained his cold attitude that was unique to Gehrman and said, "You don't have to bother."

Anderson immediately raised a thumb.

"Your madness is worthy of praise!"

He thought for a moment and added, "The person who deserves death the most is Molsona of the Loen's New Party. He's one of the pirates' closest friends. He controls some highly addictive plant similar to cannabis. This helps him control many people in the Toscarter government and police department. He's one of the most powerful mob bosses here...

"He has committed many crimes, killed plenty of people, and basically did it with the help of pirates. On the surface, there's no apparent problem.

"Heh heh, he isn't a Beyonder, but the difficulty in killing him is how troublesome it is, yes--troublesome!

"He has three to five Beyonders from different pirate crews providing him with protection. On the rooftops, outside the building, beneath the windows, everyone there belongs to him. To finish him off, the only way is to forcefully storm in and kill a large number of people.

"I can do it, but it's too troublesome. There's also some degree of danger. You'll become a wanted criminal after that, so I didn't deal with him and only dealt with his safe at home."

Safe... To talk about banditry in such a fresh way... Yes, I previously heard that Toscarter's main industries are its plantation economy and pirates' black market trading. It also has flourishing bar, brothel, and gambling industries. I never expected that it includes new drugs... Molsona is an ordinary person and not a Beyonder... Perfect, Creeping Hunger happens to lack food... Klein nodded and indicated for Anderson to elaborate.

That evening, at the Oaktree Bar.

A boxing match was about to begin in the boxing ring. Many drinkers surrounded it with mugs in hand.

They were like sharks who had caught the scent of blood. As they placed their bets, they loudly yelled words such as "kill him"!

This was a business of the head of the Loen's New Party, Molsona. The unique thing about the boxing matches held here was that death was permitted!

Molsona greatly enjoyed matches that resembled ancient wrestling competitions. He often came to watch a few matches. At that moment, he was seated on the second story, overlooking the ring.

Around him were several bodyguards. They were watching every direction, and among them were Beyonders sent from the pirates he worked with, as well as experienced adventurers he hired with large sums of money.

These people surrounded Molsona with their backs or sides to him, preventing anyone from approaching. Revolvers, rifles, and hunting rifles all pointed outward, intimidating the crowd.

After confirming the situation, Klein pressed down his top hat, entered the bar, and saw Molsona sucking on a cigar.

This mob boss had a highly distinctive face. His brandy nose and thin eyebrows were both unmistakable.

Klein looked away and first went to the bar to get a cup of local malt beer worth 4 pence. Then, he made his way to the railing beneath the second floor.

Although he wasn't directly under Molsona, as it was heavily guarded, he was already quite close to him.

I'm within five meters... Klein silently muttered to himself, raised his cup of beer, and looked at the boxing ring.

Chapter 683: So You Are Here as Well

Black Spirit Body Threads that came from different lifeforms appeared in Klein's vision, but he didn't immediately extend his spirituality to attempt to control them.

After distinguishing and confirming which Spirit Body Threads belonged to Molsona, he gulped a mouthful of malt beer as he began to focus on the boxing match in the ring, just like a real member of the audience.

The two boxers were bare-chested and wore no protective gear. They fought without restraint, constantly clashing as fist met flesh, and the atmosphere quickly reached a fever pitch.

Many of the alcoholic gamblers had adrenaline pumping through them as they shouted for the boxer they supported passionately, yelling, "Kill him!"

"Finish that son of a b*tch!"

On the second floor, Molsona also forgot the cigar in his hand as he was fixated on the ring below, his hands clenched tightly into fists.

Apart from those who had to have their backs facing him because they were keeping tabs on any suspicious people or watching the important regions such as the rooftop or area beneath, the people around him could not help but become absorbed in the intense boxing match.

Klein raised his hand again, gulping a mouthful of beer as if he were out of breath from the tense atmosphere.

At that moment, his spirituality silently extended and grabbed onto the illusory black threads corresponding to Molsona.

One second, two seconds, three seconds... The brandy-nosed Molsona was just about to pump his fist a little as if he were in the ring himself when he suddenly found his brain go numb.

He felt the surroundings abruptly turn odd, as if several panes of glass were in between him and them.

Molsona immediately realized that his thoughts had noticeably slowed, as if every part of his brain had suddenly rusted.

As the target was only an ordinary person whose Spirit Body was far inferior to that of a Beyonder, Klein needed less than twenty seconds to achieve initial control over him.

Seven seconds!

It took only seven seconds!

Oh no... Something wrong is happening... It's likely... a Beyonder... with relatively... special powers... Molsona, who often interacted with pirates, was no stranger to the mysterious world. That was why he spent large sums of money to hire Beyonders to protect himself. If he hadn't long destroyed his body with sex and alcohol, making his psyche relatively weak and his condition terrible, giving him a high chance of losing control if he were to consume a potion, he would've also wanted to obtain supernatural powers himself.

At that moment, as his thoughts were slowing down and due to his lack of experience, Molsona needed more than ten seconds to figure out that he was under assault. He immediately reached out his arm and was about to shout for help.

Yet his movements were agonizingly slow, and his voice was weak. A number of the bodyguards around him were engrossed in the exciting, nerve-racking boxing match; the audience's roars rose in an ever-louder crescendo; and all the guards along the perimeter had focused their attention on possible avenues of attack to protect their employer. Consequently, his obvious abnormality went unnoticed.

When the climax of the match received a temporary respite, a number of bodyguards and subordinates turned to look back at their boss, and they saw that his eyes looked somewhat dazed. His hands didn't seem to be in the right place as if he was still caught up in the match, anxiously awaiting the final results.

The corners of the mob boss's eyes had tears welling up as he tried hard to release his fingers to drop the cigar to attract the attention of his subordinates, but he discovered in despair that his line of thought was becoming highly impeded and stiff. Even a simple action needed more than a minute to complete, and his fingers were even resisting his will!

Pa!

The burning cigar finally fell to the ground as Molsona's tears flowed down to his neck across his cheeks.

A few bodyguards discovered this and were just about to ask their boss if it was because the match was too exciting when Molsona suddenly bent down. As he wiped his face, he picked up the cigar.

"That was an excellent match! Give the victor more money!" Molsona flicked the cigar and pulled up his collar as he grinned happily.

He didn't say exactly how much was to be given, as Klein didn't know the market rates. All he could do was give a vague comment.

Yes, Molsona of the Loen's New Party had already become his marionette!

As this mob boss was only an ordinary person, and his Spirit Body was even weaker than most healthy humans, it took only two minutes and fifteen seconds!

If the time needed was any longer, he would've had to divert his attention to create an illusion to create some chaos, making the bodyguards place their attention on protecting Molsona and not being able to discover his abnormality in time.

"Kill him!"

"Kill him!"

The shouts of the audience suddenly merged into a single chant as the match in the ring came to its end. Molsona also allowed his bodyguards to continue watching the match.

When a boxer collapsed to the ground unconscious, Molsona took a puff of his cigar and said, "To the lounge.

"I want to take a break."

"Yes, Boss." His bodyguards and subordinates immediately surrounded him, escorted him to the corridor on the second floor, and helped him open the door to the lounge.

After instructing his guards to guard different critical spots and to not disturb him, Molsona paced around and opened a safe. He found documents involving various new drugs and selected the most important ones.

Afterward, he placed the documents and an address he cut from the newspapers, as well as a total of 758 pounds in cash into a briefcase.

With a creak, he opened the door and called for a subordinate.

"Throw this bag under the third street lamp around the alley."

"Yes, Boss." The subordinate asked no questions.

This was a rule!

After closing the door again, Molsona found three candles and items containing spirituality, then carefully used pen and paper to draw the symbol corresponding to The Fool--a half Pupil-less Eye representing concealment and Contorted Lines representing change.

Then, this mob boss who had become a marionette lit the candles, used cologne to represent essential oil and extract, and solemnly held a bestowment ritual.

He softly chanted The Fool's honorific name, and he used ancient Hermes, which he originally didn't know, to recite the corresponding incantation. Afterward, he picked up the item with spirituality and let it fuse into the wind, constructing an illusory door with the transformed candlelight. If he couldn't find any items with spirituality, Klein had planned on using Molsona's blood. A human's blood was an item with spirituality to begin with!

In the washroom on the first floor, Klein seized the opportunity to take four steps counterclockwise and go above the gray fog.

He didn't use the Black Emperor card. Instead, he directly stirred some of the mysterious space's power, combined it with the paper figurine, and threw it through the bestowment door.

The pitch-blackness immediately transformed into an angel with twelve pairs of wings. It flew through the illusory, mysterious door, passed through the pitch-black depths of the void, and arrived beside Molsona.

This would disrupt any subsequent investigations via divination, prophecy, or other Beyonder powers!

Immediately afterward, Klein picked up Creeping Hunger and threw it into the ritual's door!

Through the bestowment ritual, Creeping Hunger entered the real world and appeared in front of Molsona. Having gone without food for a long time, it immediately became restless.

At that moment, Klein, who had returned to the washroom, controlled the frozen Molsona from a distance of dozens of meters away to immediately close his mouth and pick up the glove on the altar.

A crack opened in the middle of the glove as two rows of illusory, white, and eerie teeth were revealed!

The senses he received from the marionette rapidly weakened, and he decisively severed his control.

The slight backlash made his mind spin, but it didn't take long for him to recover.

Then, as if nothing had happened, he left the washroom, returned to the bar counter, and continued drinking the malt beer he didn't finish earlier.

At the same time, he found a rat on the second floor through the use of Spirit Body Threads, and he made it become his marionette in less than two minutes.

Moving with awkward, unfamiliar motions, the rat began searching for a tunnel or path. After quite some time, it entered Molsona's lounge through a hole hidden behind a bookshelf.

At that moment, a thin glove resembling human skin lay silently on the ground. Nothing remained of Molsona, not even his clothes.

The rat climbed up to the table and bit on the paper with the symbol corresponding to The Fool, placing it close to the burning candle.

The paper quickly ignited and burned to ashes.

After extinguishing the three candles and returning them to their original locations, the rat came beside Creeping Hunger and bit onto it.

Then, it returned via its original path and left Molsona's lounge.

It stealthily ran all the way to the balcony facing the outside on the second story, and it silently climbed down.

On the first floor, at the bar counter, Klein finished drinking his last mouthful of beer, put down the cup, and slowly stood up.

He pressed down his half top hat, stuffed his hands into the black double-breasted frock coat, and walked past the drinkers and gamblers without any haste and came to the streets.

Following the light of the street lamps, he entered the alley at a normal pace. While pulling out a paper figurine and lighting it with a flick, he picked up the briefcase thrown under the third street lamp.

At that moment, a gray rat emerged from the shadows with a thin, human-skin glove in its mouth.

Klein doubled over with a deadpan expression once again and picked up Creeping Hunger.

Then, the gray rat left on its own, climbing into a rubbish chute and lying there until it lost its breath.

With night about to fall, the street lamp illuminated Klein as he stood there, spreading his fingers in an unhurried manner while wearing Creeping Hunger on his left hand.

After stretching his finger joints and getting used to the glove, he carried the briefcase and passed the still vibrant Oaktree Bar before vanishing at the crossroads.

He took the address slip and stamps from the briefcase, removed the important documents, and pasted the address slip and stamps onto them. Then, he placed them in a mailbox on the street corner. Finally, Klein changed back into Gehrman Sparrow, hired a carriage, and headed for another bar near the pier.

It was a bar provided by Anderson that had relatively more pirates!

Upon entering the bar, Klein looked and took in the interior.

Suddenly, he saw a familiar figure.

The figure was of medium build, and his lips were purple. His brown eyes concealed an intense malice that inspired fear. He was Slaughterer Kircheis, second mate to the King of Immortality Agalito, with a bounty of 9,500 pounds!

Clearly, after escaping through the exit from the dangerous waters, the Death Announcer had arrived at nearby Toscarter Island to replenish its supplies!

So you are here as well... The corners of Klein's mouth curled up slightly. By pure chance, he had encountered a Devil who couldn't have been more suitable to hunt!

Just as he generated that ill intent, Kircheis sensed him and looked to the entrance of the bar.

Klein did not hesitate to grab a beer on the table beside him and threw it over.

Immediately afterward, he drew his revolver and coldly aimed.

Bang!

Chapter 684: Battle Encounter

Crash!

Kircheis had only half turned when the cup of beer struck the round table beside him and shattered.

Amid the gunfire, he didn't attempt to dodge, as though he had instinctively seen through the illusion. As if propelled by a spring, he bounded to the front of the crouching and scattering gamblers and drinkers. His gaze locked onto the cold adventurer in a suit by the door.

Gehrman Sparrow... Kircheis's pupils constricted as he opened his mouth and chanted the Language of Foulness that came from the Abyss.

At that moment, Klein truly pulled the trigger as a pale golden bullet that appeared to be scooped out of boiling-hot water shot out, going straight for the "Slaughterer" who had a bounty of 9,500 pounds.

Yet all Kircheis did was gently lift his right hand and spread his fingers to produce a light blue flame in his palm. Then, he grabbed the bullet in an unimaginable manner.

The bullet entered a "cage" as the light blue flames solidified. Afterward, the bullet emitted sunlight, just enough of it to neutralize everything.

Two figures stood up beside Kircheis. One was a short-haired woman wielding dual pistols, and the other was a rough-looking man wearing boxing gloves.

Clearly, Kircheis hadn't come to Toscarter's pier alone in search of supplies. He had partners here!

Three Beyonders... Kircheis might even be a Sequence 5... At that moment, Klein nearly blurted out something along the lines of "sorry, my bad."

One couldn't make any preparations when attacking a Devil, relying on complete chance. Moreover, there couldn't be any hesitation; otherwise, the Devil would immediately detect the ill intent and danger.

Yet under such circumstances, it was hard to tell who held the advantage!

Klein did not hesitate to turn around while holding his revolver. Then, he agilely dashed for the staircase leading to the bar's second story amidst the crowd and above the crouching drinkers.

Just as he dashed in, a light blue fireball smashed into the side of the staircase before instantly exploding.

Boom!

A tiny part of the bottom of the staircase collapsed as the bar began to tremble. The strong smell of sulfur spread.

Kircheis and his two companions wasted no time as they jumped across the first few steps of the staircase in fervent pursuit of Gehrman Sparrow.

Tap! Tap! Tap!

Klein ran for the second story, and midway, he quickly began his examination of the corresponding Spirit Body Threads.

He could therefore easily find an unoccupied room. He turned, stepped through the doorway, and prepared to jump out the window to escape the bar.

At that moment, Kircheis and his two companions chased up to the second story, and upon seeing this scene, they tacitly split up. The former continued the pursuit, while the latter entered the rooms on the same side to head down to intercept Gehrman.

And Klein was waiting precisely for this opportunity!

He suddenly half turned his body as his left black-gloved hand grabbed at the air.

The woman with the dual pistols and the man in boxing gloves continued their actions without detecting any abnormalities. They rushed into the other rooms, jumped off the windows, and went far away without returning.

Their intent and action of "splitting up to intercept" allowed Klein to use the Baron of Corruption's Distortion to change it to "splitting up to act alone!"

This wouldn't last very long, but it was enough time for Klein to fight Kircheis one-on-one for a brief moment.

Boom! Having completed the Distortion, he dropped to the ground and rolled farther into the building, avoiding the light blue fireballs Kircheis kept shooting.

Amidst the incessant booming, the building that housed the bar wavered as if it had experienced an earthquake.

Immediately afterward, Kircheis rapidly lunged forward, entering the spacious room.

Seeing Gehrman Sparrow deftly somersaulting and leaping rather than fighting him head-on, all while keeping tight control of his emotions, Slaughterer immediately opened his mouth and uttered a word in the unique Language of Foulness: "Slow!"

The entire room and every object within it seemed to grow still. Klein's acrobatic movements slowed significantly and lost their former fluidity.

Kircheis did not hesitate to lock onto his target as he followed up with another word of the Devil language.

"Die!"

Klein's figure instantly froze as he stood rooted on the spot and gradually faded and thinned, becoming a paper figurine filled with spotted red rust.

At the same time, he surfaced by the side of the door, wearing a half top hat and black double-breasted frock suit. He reached out his black-gloved hand, grabbed the handle, and shut the door to the collapsing room with a pull.

Creak!

The din outside vanished as the room seemed to stand out alone, becoming a solid cage.

Upon seeing this, Kircheis's body swelled as his clothes tore.

He instantly transformed into a behemoth nearly three meters tall. His skin appeared dark, but it was pitch-black and sinister. Goat horns filled with countless mysterious patterns grew on his head as a pair of bat wings on his back spread open. Swirling around him were light blue flames that emitted the strong smell of sulfur.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Light blue fireballs shot out together, blanketing the region around the door. At the same time, the redness in Kircheis's eyes bloomed as he said with the extremely corruptive words of the Devil, "Corruption!"

This was also an area of effect attack!

The light blue in his eyes filled up as Klein clenched his left hand, which wore a sinister and noble glove, and quickly did a half twist.

The fireballs immediately veered off course and flew chaotically, as if moving at random.

They smashed into the ceiling, the door, or the ground, while others flew back at Kircheis. Booms immediately reverberated through the room. The seal created by Distortion trembled under the intense barrage but showed no sign of breaking.

The light blue flames soared into the sky as the smell of sulfur spread. Klein's body suddenly bent down as his body was covered in a layer of clearly sticky black liquid.

Bang!

His figure exploded, turning into torn pieces of paper and corrupted black fog.

Immediately following that, he surfaced on the other side, his skin a clear dark shade. His clothes were torn from the explosive force and the flames from the abyss.

Corruption's area-of-effect damage was somewhat effective against his Paper Figurine Substitutes, inflicting a degree of harm through an unavoidable influence. Furthermore, the explosion's aftermath was beyond Klein's control and similarly injured him.

Yet upon their initial encounter, Klein had "given" Kircheis a cup of beer, completing the Bribe. Therefore, attacks and control effects directed at him were greatly weakened!

Kircheis clearly hadn't expected Corruption to have so little effect on Gehrman Sparrow. Just as he drew a long blade formed entirely of flames, before he could unleash his speed and strength in a furious attack, he saw the glove on his opponent's left hand transform as though it were made of gold.

Two blinding streaks of lightning tore out of Klein's eyes!

Psychic Piercing!

"Ah!"

Kircheis instantly let out a tragic cry as he felt as if a hundred bottles of holy water had been infused into his mind.

Rich in combat experience, he knew that, having been struck by a psychic attack, he would next face a relentless series of assaults. Hence, he instinctively transformed into a pitch-black liquid and began spreading across the floor.

The liquid seemed to be a coalescence of the darkest, most evil desires in the human heart. It spread across the room toward Gehrman Sparrow as though it would corrupt everything.

This state is perfect... In a battle encounter, either party would suffer the problem of not being sufficiently prepared... Thankfully, I've always remembered the suspected Desire Apostle I encountered, and I've completely suppressed all desires and emotions... Klein didn't dodge as the glove on his left hand rapidly bloomed with pure and clean sunlight.

He spread his arms, allowing a pillar of holy light wreathed in golden flames to descend from the sky. It illuminated every corner and every shadow in the room!

The column of light struck the densest part of the pitch-black liquid as it radiated outward in a rippling manner.

Amidst the bright and holy light, the pitch-black liquid quickly evaporated and mostly vanished.

Kircheis hurriedly materialized his body and reformed near the window.

He still maintained his state as a three-meter-tall Devil. He was as calm as always, but he could hardly hold back his intense bloodlust and desire to kill.

He was already quite weak. He dared not circle around Gehrman Sparrow as he waited for him to show any emotion to control his desires. He ignited the two mysterious goat horns on his head to forcefully attack his enemy's psyche, inducing emotions to some degree in an unavoidable manner.

Once he had any desires or emotions, the situation would be in the Desire Apostle's control!

At that moment, Kircheis's head suddenly went numb, causing him to nearly lose the thoughts he previously had!

Once the two parties came within five meters of each other, Klein had remained on the defensive, using Paper Figurine Substitutes and the Baron of Corruption's Distortion powers to barely hold his ground and stall for time. His purpose was to divert Kircheis's attention while controlling his Spirit Body Threads!

Given the strength of a Sequence 5's Spirit Body, obtaining initial control over Slaughterer wasn't easy to begin with. Yet the Bribe of a cup of beer had reduced Kircheis's defenses and resistance. Afterward, the Desire Apostle suffered a Psychic Piercing and a thorough purification by Light of Purification. As a result, he had become quite weak!

Thus, even though Klein was using his other powers, he still took fifteen seconds to obtain initial control over Kircheis.

The intense battle in the room instantly fell silent. Although Kircheis's thoughts had turned slow, he still had the ability to complete certain actions. He could still forcefully resist the control that came from the depths of his Spirit Body.

The bloodshot colors in his eyes converged as his eyes reflected Gehrman Sparrow's figure. The curled goat horns on his head began to burn intensely as hatred, greed, lust, wrath, and other emotions and desires began to spread outward in a corporeal manner.

Klein entered a half-Cogitation state as he calmly focused on deepening his control, hoping to quickly make Kircheis lose all means of resistance.

Chapter 685: From a Delay to Disconnection

In the room reduced to shambles, Klein, whose top hat had fallen aside and whose clothes were tattered, stood about four meters from Kircheis, a behemoth with bat wings. The scene was as silent as a puppet show.

In truth, Klein could still do other things.

Back when Marionettist Rosago forcefully controlled both him and Sharron, he could resist the Wraith's possession and use Flame Controlling to summon a flame to destroy the shadow pulled in by Sharron. If he hadn't made a serious mistake by targeting the Sequence 5 Wraith, Rosago could've diverted his attention to killing Klein, snuffing out any chance of him using the Language of Foulness charm. Now, although Klein was definitely inferior to him, there was also only one enemy!

Naturally, there wasn't much he could do. As long as he didn't lose control of Kircheis, he could move, but not too hastily or quickly. He could use Beyonder powers that didn't expend too much spirituality, but he couldn't divert his attention to activate the mystical items he carried or perform movements as involved as drawing a gun.

Furthermore, once a target was controlled to a certain extent, some attacks could jolt or stimulate them, allowing them to better resist the control exerted through their Spirit Body Threads and even show signs of escaping it.

Thus, Klein had to wait.

At that moment, his heart rate suddenly sped up as an uncontrollable sense of horror and anxiety surfaced in his mind.

He could not help but suspect that Kircheis's companions who had their intentions affected by Distortion were about to return!

No good! My emotions have been stirred! Klein was first taken aback as he tried to use Cogitation to forcefully calm his agitated heart.

Haha... He has... emotional stirrings... A chance... Kircheis was delighted as a slow thought flashed through his mind.

Then, using his Beyonder powers, he attempted to magnify Gehrman Sparrow's horror and anxiety, planting an emotional seed in him.

As long as he succeeded, all he needed was to completely "trigger" it, maiming his opponent, making him unable to influence him further!

No... How can it... be ineffective... His... emotional stirrings... have disappeared... Kircheis's bloodshot eyes constricted slowly as it was gradually filled with shock, alarm, and anger.

Klein, who imagined that he had given the Desire Apostle a chance to counterattack, discovered that nothing had happened after completely calming himself down. The curled goat horns on Kircheis's head were ignited, but he didn't attempt to use his emotional stirrings!

Moments after having this thought, Klein roughly understood the situation.

It wasn't that Kircheis didn't want to control his horror and anxiety, but it was that he had failed!

Once he sensed the emotional stirrings, he had to take several seconds to process the situation, then another two or three seconds to make a decision. Finally, he needed still more time to organize his thoughts before channeling the corresponding Beyonder powers. All of that took him at least ten seconds.

Klein only took a total of three to four seconds to calm his mind after detecting the problem.

Thus, Kircheis's Beyonder powers naturally failed against an enemy who had returned to normal.

Simply put, the delay was too long! In such a situation, don't try to fiddle with anything too intricate... Klein lampooned before suppressing his schadenfreude.

After another ten seconds, Kircheis finally understood the source of the problem. He no longer considered targeting desires and emotions, and instead, while flapping the bat wings on his back with difficulty, he relied on a Devil's powerful body and Spirit Body to resist the control coming from the Spirit Body Threads. He tried to make the swirling light blue flames slowly coagulate into a fireball.

Klein could almost see the fireballs bombarding him; hence, he didn't hesitate to split off some of his spirituality and snap the thumb and middle finger of his right hand.

Pa!

The light blue flames suddenly soared before they truly took form and collapsed completely. They were like fireworks blooming behind Kircheis.

Magician's Flame Controlling!

Kircheis continued struggling, but his actions became even slower as he resembled a rusting puppet. As for Klein, he casually moved his feet to dodge the Devil language Kircheis had launched with all his strength.

Three seconds, two seconds, one second... Klein suddenly stopped, his eyes locked on Kircheis's head, which had lost its curved goat horns.

At that moment, he still needed two and a half minutes to turn this controlled Desire Apostle into his marionette, but Klein had no such plan. He had never intended to do so in the first place!

It took too much time, allowing Kircheis's companions to rush back in time!

Klein had only one ultimate goal--to control Kircheis enough that attacks within a certain limit wouldn't help him escape his predicament!

The bloodshot eyes, grimacing expression, and sharp teeth with drooling saliva reflected in Klein's eyes. He said a word, "Bang!"

Air Bullet! An Air Bullet of a Sequence 5!

This was already comparable to a bullet shot from a steam rifle!

Bang!

The Air Bullet accurately hit Kircheis's forehead, causing him to jerk his head back, yanking the Spirit Body Threads.

Between his brows, a bloody hole that wasn't too deep had appeared. It wasn't a mortal blow.

To a Devil, a Desire Apostle, their bodies seemed to be cloaked with thick and hard armor. Their blood and flesh had extreme elasticity and defensive strength.

Bam! Bam! Bam!

Klein kept creating Air Bullets while making gunshot sounds, repeatedly striking Kircheis's forehead and slowly reducing it to a continuous mess. At the same time, he steadily controlled the Spirit Body Threads to prevent Kircheis from using the impacts to weaken his influence.

Kircheis let out an angry stuttering roar as he tried moving forward to counterattack, but Klein was a lot more agile than him!

And his plans to liquefy undoubtedly failed because of the control of the Spirit Body Threads.

Bang!

Another Air Bullet struck Kircheis, completely shattering his forehead, penetrating his brain.

Bang! Bang! Bang! The subsequent bullets flew in, one bullet after another.

Bang!

Kircheis's skull was finally sent flying, exposing a brain riddled with black fissures. By then, it was a complete mess.

The aura of this Slaughterer worth 9,500 pounds quickly dissipated, but he didn't close his eyes, as he had already lost them.

He slowly collapsed to the ground as Klein walked over and extended his left hand.

Two blood-red eyes split open in the middle of the glove.

A cold, eerie wind arose as Slaughterer Kircheis's Spirit Body and black fog-like Beyonder characteristic shot toward Creeping Hunger amid screams, then settled into a blank finger.

Soon, the glove turned pitch-black once again, but this time it was profound and pure, resembling countless squirming dots of the same color formed one layer after another.

Klein sensed the changes for a moment before walking toward the shattered window, feeling somewhat disappointed yet also delighted.

While Grazing Kircheis, he had considered which Beyonder powers he wanted to obtain and which he didn't. The one he least wanted was a Devil's danger premonition, because it required Creeping Hunger to remain constantly active while sustaining Kircheis's soul. That meant he would have to feed the glove every day, which would be extremely inconvenient. Moreover, it overlapped to some extent with his powers as a Seer.

Whether the danger premonition of a Devil worked after making it into his marionette, Klein believed that it was targeted on the marionette and had nothing to do with its controller.

What Klein wanted most was to "draw" the Desire Apostle's power to exploit a target's emotional stirrings or any power from the Language of Foulness, preferably Death or Corruption.

At that moment, he had been quite lucky to obtain three Beyonder powers. One of them was Language of Foulness, but it wasn't Death or Corruption, but Slow. This allowed all targets in a seven-to-eight-meter radius to instantly turn numb or even come to a halt. Yet it could only be maintained for a moment.

The second Beyonder power was Sword of Lava. It could create a flaming sword with extremely high offensive power. A single strike could cleave through a thick stone column, leaving the severed end looking as though it had melted. This was the power Kircheis had used when preparing his frenzied attack.

The third was Sulfur Fireball. Not only could it create an explosion of considerable might, but it could also poison people and objects that had been stained by the flames. If matched with a Devil form's powers, ten to twenty fireballs could be launched at once. Out of that form, it maxed out at three.

That's not bad. The damage delivered by Sword of Lava to non-undead or non-corrupt creatures is clearly higher than the Priest of Light's Light of Holiness... Klein came to the window and saw the backs of Kircheis's companions fleeing into the distance.

They haven't shaken off the influence? No, with so much time having passed, they must've shaken off the influence and returned somewhere nearby. Now, they're escaping? They sensed Kircheis's death? That's a little weird... Klein looked back and saw Kircheis's corpse still in his Devil form. His form didn't change back into a human as a result of his death.

He studied the corpse for a moment before forming a theory.

"Powers like the Devil form are a state that brings a body close to the state of losing control. Yet they still have their reasoning and can change back while they're in control. Otherwise, they will maintain their forms."

Klein wasted no time searching the Devil's corpse. Kircheis's gigantification had torn apart all his clothes, causing his wallet and cash to scatter across the ground. They had subsequently been destroyed by the blanket of fireballs and sulfurous flames... Just as Klein looked away, he suddenly noticed something glinting in the giant Devil's chest.

It was a thin and long crystal formed purely of blood. A faint smell of sulfur emanated around it.

"What's that?" Klein frowned, unable to figure out an answer.

Kircheis's Beyonder characteristics have clearly entered Creeping Hunger. Why would his corpse produce something strange? A question flashed across Klein's mind.

Moreover, as the second mate of the King of Immortality, Kircheis didn't even carry a mystical item or Sealed Artifact. This had exceeded his expectations.

Chapter 686: A Hard-to-Complete Ritual

After thinking for a moment, Klein, who had no answer, sensed no danger from the thin blood crystal and put it away. Then, he bent down to inspect Kircheis's Devil form, which had lost half its head.

I wonder if I can still exchange this for the bounty, and if so, how much I can get... I have no idea whom I can contact in the military here. Send Oz Kent a telegram? With all the back-and-forth and the work he'd have to do remotely, it's hard to say whether it could be finished in three or four days. I'll be leaving tomorrow... Also, I can't forget the middleman's cut. Thinking this, he walked to the side, picked up his clearly charred half top hat, and put it on.

Then, he dragged the massive, heavy Devil's corpse to the door and reached out to open it.

A howling wind blew in, breaking the silence in the room.

Klein tapped his finger joint to deactivate the Spirit Body Threads vision as he continued dragging the grisly Devil's corpse across the corridor, down the stairs to the first floor.

At that moment, there weren't many people left in the bar. Tables and chairs were overturned, and there were shards everywhere. It was a mess.

Klein passed the heavily damaged staircase and entered the main hall. Looking around, he found the forlorn owner behind the bar counter. Few of the hired bouncers remained; most had fled.

Tap. Tap. Tap... Klein walked over step by step with the Devil corpse behind him bumping into the furniture.

"W-what are you planning to do?" the owner yelled at the top of his lungs as he took a step back.

His bouncers gathered over, shuddering in fear. Their eyes were darting around as their bodies revealed their own inclinations. It appeared as if they would immediately flee the moment any incident happened.

Klein stopped in his tracks, throwing Kircheis's corpse in front of him.

Then, he said in a low voice, "Can you claim bounty rewards?"

The owner was stunned for a moment. His gaze instinctively moved downward, where he saw the huge Devil's corpse with blue flames still lingering around it.

He and his bouncers gasped simultaneously, many of them feeling surreal.

This was a real devil!

Apart from its lack of curled goat horns, it looked identical to the devils described in the Church's bibles or mythical stories!

To ordinary people living in the pirates' playground, it wasn't rare to witness supernatural powers. Here, their horizons were clearly broader than the colonies of Oravi and the civilians of the kingdom's native soil. Yet as the owner and bouncers of a bar, they had never seen real devils before. They even suspected that it was an attempt by the Church to tarnish unofficial Beyonders.

The owner looked away with difficulty as he looked at the stoic adventurer in tattered clothes.

"I can. Th-they should be able to determine that this is Kircheis.

"It's Kircheis, right?"

Klein silently heaved a sigh of relief and silently nodded.

The owner hesitated for a moment and forced a fearful smile.

"Yet it's impossible to get the full amount. As you know, money must be spent during the process. The fees amount to about 30%; otherwise, you'll have to wait quite a while. After all, 9,500 pounds isn't a small sum. At Toscarter Pier, it will take at least a week. B-because pirates frequent this area and adventurers often claim bounties here, it maintains substantial cash reserves. On Oravi Island or anywhere else, it might take two weeks or even a month."

9,500 pounds wasn't really a small sum. Klein clearly remembered that back in Tingen City, the Nighthawks team's monthly budget was only about 1,000 pounds. The budget was even split between the Church and the police department.

He thought for a moment and asked the bar's boss, "Do you know me?"

"Yes." The owner hurriedly nodded.

Klein looked over everyone and continued asking, "Can you figure out where I'm staying?"

"Yes, yes." The owner dared not lie.

Klein grunted before using a flat and direct tone.

"Send 6,000 pounds to me before noon tomorrow."

6,000 pounds? That's less than 70%. That's about 600 pounds short... The owner was taken aback, never expecting the crazy adventurer to take the initiative to lower the price.

"Can you do it?" Klein asked again.

The additional 650 pounds was compensation for the bar. After all, he had left the place in a mess. Yet this wasn't something the crazy adventurer would say himself. He believed the bar's owner wasn't a philanthropist; there was no way the man would hand the excess to others.

The owner considered it seriously before replying, "Yes!"

Even though the official process wouldn't be that fast, he had nothing to worry about, because he planned to borrow some of the money and use his savings to pay the bounty Gehrman Sparrow wanted.

Earning several hundred pounds simultaneously wasn't something he would miss out on!

Klein nodded and said nothing more. He turned around and walked to the bar's entrance.

When he came near, he took out a few yellow pennies and threw them onto a tiny round table that still stood standing.

With a series of clinks, the pennies spun to a stop. Together, they amounted to eight pence.

While doing this action, the black-suited Klein didn't stop walking. His figure soon disappeared from the entrance.

"W-what's the meaning of that?" the owner said with a blank, surprised look.

Most of the bouncers shook their heads with the same expression, indicating that they didn't know Gehrman Sparrow's motive.

Only a bouncer who had been standing guard by the door thought with a frown. Then, he said uncertainly, "When he first entered, he took... he took someone's cup of beer and threw it at Kircheis.

"This is the compensation for that cup of beer, as well as the cup?"

The bar fell into silence once again. Although the owner and bouncers couldn't accept such an explanation, they had the baffling feeling that this matched the style of the crazy adventurer, Gehrman Sparrow.

Another set of clothes ruined. That's nearly 9 pounds... Thankfully, I made quite a lot this time... Yes, I'll have to have another set made tomorrow... After turning onto another street, Klein stopped and examined himself.

He was in no hurry to return to his hotel. Following information provided by Molsona, head of the Loen's New Party, he first found a policeman controlled through drugs. The man had helped the gangs commit several sordid deeds, even devising a scheme to kill a witness. Klein channeled his spirit to confirm his crimes before allowing Creeping Hunger to enjoy a true feast for the day.

After doing that, Klein returned to his hotel via a carriage and entered his room.

After setting up the altar, he used a ritual to send Creeping Hunger and the thin blood crystal above the gray fog.

Sitting at the end of the long bronze table, Klein did not hesitate to pick up the glove and release the soul of the Priest of Light.

This Sequence 5 powerhouse had a thin face and an elegant bearing. He was an amiable elder, and he wore a simple white clergyman's robe. He bowed to express his gratitude to the mysterious existence who was concealed by the gray fog.

Klein gently nodded as a response. Then, he conjured pen and paper and wrote down the divination statement: "The potion formulas for the Sequences above the Sun pathway's Sequence 7."

Leaning back into his seat, he began using dream divination to communicate with the spirit.

The grayish world quickly changed. He saw the Priest of Light roll open a piece of brownish goatskin in a room filled with sunlight. On it was a formula written in ancient Feysac: "Sequence 6, Notary.

"Main ingredients: 1 set of crystallized roots from a Tree of Elders, 5 feathers from a Spirit Pact Bird.

"Supplementary ingredients: 100 ml of Radiance Spirit Pact Tree juice, 1 golden-rimmed sunflower, 1 white-rimmed sunflower, 5 drops of Aqua Fern juice."

After the scene paused for several seconds, ripples surfaced again, outlining an opulent hall filled with golden statues.

Inside the hall, a man covered in pure light that prevented one from looking straight at him said to a half-centenarian elder, "This is the potion formula for the Priest of Light. Remember, dispel the darkness and praise the sun."

The elder received it in excitement and spread open the ancient goatskin.

"Sequence 5, Priest of Light.

"Main ingredients: the red comb of a Dawn Rooster, a pure-white Brilliance Rock.

"Supplementary ingredients: 5 grams of rosemary, 7 drops of fingered citron juice, 10 ml of Rock Water, 60 ml of King of Dawn Rooster blood.

"Ritual: In pure darkness, bury your entire body in ice that normally doesn't melt before consuming the potion."

The scene quickly vanished without any additional content.

Klein wasn't surprised. He knew very well that when it involved the domain of a demigod, the seven Churches would often directly provide the potions and rituals without giving them the formula.

At that moment, the Priest of Light's figure had mostly dispersed due to the forceful spirit channeling.

His painful expression eased as he raised his head and spread out his arms as if he were embracing sunlight.

"Praise the sun!" the Priest of Light closed his eyes as he piously said.

Those were his last words as his Spirit Body rapidly disintegrated and plummeted into the gray fog before completely disappearing.

A pious believer... Klein sighed in comment. Afterward, he recalled what he had seen in the dream and recorded the formula.

The main ingredient of a Notary is the root crystal of the Tree of Elders... I remember that Miss Justice's Psychiatrist potion requires the fruit of the Tree of Elders... Judging by this, the Spectator and Sun pathways might be interchangeable at High Sequences... The difficulty of the Priest of Light's ritual for most people is to find ice that usually doesn't melt, but it's different for Little Sun. To bury a living person in pure darkness in the Forsaken Land of God might lead to one's disappearance. A method to avoid this has to be figured out... Dispel the darkness and praise the sun is the acting method? Klein considered for a moment before picking up the blood crystal produced by Kircheis's body.

After several seconds of consideration, he wrote down the corresponding divination statement in a serious manner: "Its origin."

Holding up the item and the piece of paper, Klein chanted softly once more and entered a dream.

In the gray, blurry world, he saw the gigantic sailboat, the Death Announcer, with its bow and stern curving up high. He saw Kircheis climb up a soft ladder and arrive on the deck.

Just as this Desire Apostle found his footing, a sticky black fog emanated from the deck's cracks. It was filled with a corruptive smell that enveloped Kircheis within it, corrupting and tainting all the shimmering objects on him, including his body.

The gas quickly contracted and entered Kircheis's chest. The color gradually turned crimson, as if it were a bloodstain.

At last, everything was restored to normal. Kircheis genuflected as he said to the deck, "Your will is my will. Great Death Announcer!"

Afterward, the scene shattered as Klein opened his eyes.

He sat straight and looked at the thin and long blood crystal. In thought, he silently said, The Death Announcer is alive?

A Sealed Artifact with living traits?

This crystal is the source of its control over its crew, and it comes equipped with an intense corruptive force. Thus, mystical items of low levels will be corrupted by it?

Chapter 687: Blatherer

Picking up the blood crystal and catching its faint sulfurous odor, Klein could vaguely sense the corrosive powers hidden deep within.

Legend has it that the Abyss is an area with the greatest powers of corruption. Even an angel will fall and lose control there. The people guarding the Abyss will eventually be assimilated by the Abyss... The characteristic shown by the Desire Apostle does match this point. Hmm, deepening the assimilation of a Desire Apostle? Klein allowed his thoughts to wander.

Soon, he noticed a detail. Kircheis had declared loyalty to the Death Announcer, and not to King of Immortality Agalito!

Does this mean that the true King of Immortality is the Death Announcer? Is Agalito merely its spokesperson or the agent it uses to infect targets? Heh, rumor has it that Agalito isn't a demigod and hasn't reached Sequence 4. He relies solely on the Death Announcer to rank among the Four Kings. If that's the case, his actual situation is worse than I expected. He doesn't even have any autonomy...

Naturally, I can't rule out the possibility that he's a Sequence 4 and that he and the Death Announcer are merely partners. He's a Demon, after all. He's crafty and enjoys misleading people...

Klein contemplated for several seconds before attempting another divination to see if he could obtain any revelation for the blood crystal's usage.

He wasn't afraid that it would incur huge trouble for him, or it could be said that he was already prepared to receive any. Even if it was connected to the Devil King in the Abyss, it would at most be equivalent to the backlash from the True Creator or Eternal Blazing Sun. Klein believed that the gray fog could defend against and suppress it.

This is the first time. It won't be able to lock onto my location, so it shouldn't be a big problem... Besides, I already divined its origins without encountering any danger. Thus, the Death Announcer definitely isn't a Sequence 0 Devil... Eh, isn't that obvious? If it really were a Sequence 0 Devil or a Sealed Artifact at the level of the King of Angels Amon, it wouldn't have needed to avoid the combined forces of me, Queen Mystic, Admiral of Stars, and Anderson... Klein realized that he had been frightening himself and began the dream divination in earnest.

In the blurry world, he saw a world covered with sticky black fog.

A monster formed from dark-colored lumps of flesh squirmed over as its body cavity produced a raging roar, "Blatherer!"

The scene changed, producing an ancient-looking altar which was splashed with fresh blood. Engraved on it were words and symbols filled with a corruptive feeling; it was as if they were shouting something.

The hazy world shattered as Klein slowly opened his eyes and sat straight.

He tapped his finger on the edge of the long bronze table and muttered to himself, Blatherer refers to the state before the Death Announcer became a Sealed Artifact--a Blatherer from the Abyss. Or was it a gigantic monster formed from dark-colored lumps of flesh that became a Sealed Artifact after being killed by a Blatherer?

Heh heh, regardless, the final confirmation is that a ship is involved. Otherwise, it wouldn't have solidified into its present state.

Hmm... From the laughter of the person on the brink of losing control, it's likely that the Death Announcer corresponds to Blatherer. A preliminary prediction is that it isn't a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact; otherwise, King of Immortality would be the best of the Four Kings... It's probably a Sequence 3? Moreover, Agalito clearly doesn't match well with it. The level of power shown isn't that high. It's at most Sequence 4...

That corruptive altar that evoked a feeling as if it were shouting suggests that the blood crystal can summon a high-level Devil? For example, the Blatherer?

Having no idea how to summon a high-level Devil, nor having any plans on doing so, Klein casually threw the thin blood crystal along with the Beyonder characteristic--the glowing crystal left behind by the Priest of Light--into the junk pile. Then, he perfunctorily named the former: Aura of Blatherer!

After doing this, Klein cautiously attempted another divination. It was to confirm if he would encounter any danger that night, danger that came from King of Immortality Agalito.

In truth, he already had a prediction for the divination's outcome. King of Immortality Agalito wouldn't set foot on the island!

First, it was because Toscarter had a hidden demigod. Ordinary Beyonders might not know, but the Four Kings would have some level of understanding. And it was unlikely Agalito would want to have any head-on conflict with other demigods. Forcefully entering the "territory" of another person wasn't his style.

Second, Klein's previous theory had produced a conclusion: Agalito dared not leave the Death Announcer, and the Death Announcer had no way of going ashore!

Indeed, Klein received the revelation that it would be very safe that night.

That meant he need not change his appearance and move to another hotel.

Around nine the next morning, the moment Klein walked into the first-floor restaurant and found a seat, Anderson Hood appeared and sat opposite him.

The Strongest Hunter combed his short blond hair with his fingers, parting it seven-to-three. Looking at Gehrman Sparrow, he tsked and laughed.

"Impressive, you managed to hunt Kircheis even when fighting one-on-three!

"The way you dragged the Devil's corpse downstairs has already spread throughout Toscarter Pier.

"Heh, it's said that every pirate with a bounty on their head has decided to distance themselves from your sights. They will not appear anywhere within a five-kilometer radius from you!"

Ever since becoming acquainted with Frank Lee, Klein had stopped drinking milk. He raised his hand and ordered a cup of coffee, a piece of white bread, two slices of toast, a roasted pork sausage, and a plate of butter. Then, he replied with perfect calm, "You're pretty good at gathering intelligence."

Anderson chuckled.

"This is necessary for a hunter. Heh, the Toscarter adventurers are discussing a serious question as to who is the strongest hunter!"

When Anderson saw Gehrman Sparrow look up with a cold and ambiguous gaze, his smile froze.

"They've all chosen you.

"Haha, after all, this is the Sonia Sea, and not the Fog Sea."

Why did you need to add that second sentence? It's just asking for a beating... Klein casually asked, as if being indifferent, "Anything else?"

"Ah?" Anderson suddenly felt his comprehension skills were impeded.

"Any other intel?" Klein repeated himself with more details.

"There is..." Anderson suddenly signaled with his eyes. "Molsona of the Loen's New Party mysteriously disappeared last night. He vanished from his own room despite being protected by countless guards! The official explanation is that Molsona is already dead, possibly because he worshiped an evil god or summoned a devil. Heh, no one believes that, because the Church of Storms received an anonymous letter containing detailed records and evidence of Molsona's crimes."

He stared intently at Gehrman Sparrow, hoping that the crazy adventurer would provide him with more information.

He clearly remembered that Gehrman Sparrow had asked him only yesterday afternoon who most deserved to be killed. His answer had been Molsona of the Loen's New Party.

Klein grunted and said no more.

At that moment, a figure rushed into the hotel. After looking around, he walked toward Klein in delight.

He was the bar owner from before.

"Mr. Sparrow." The owner took off a bonnet that had a depression in the middle and bowed. "It has already been confirmed, but the process will take another two days. After all, it's too large a sum. Heh heh, I know you'll be leaving today, so in order to not delay your schedule, I've decided to cover the bounty for now. Well, a portion of it comes from the bar's liquid cash, and a portion of it I loaned from my friends. Please make sure the number is right."

He deliberately spoke in detail to express his goodwill to Gehrman Sparrow while earning a profit. He wanted to befriend this crazy adventurer.

Whether King of Immortality would seek revenge on him, he wasn't too worried. Many a time, Kircheis would similarly claim bounties through him. After all, it was a reward for battles between pirates. Everyone liked gaining some additional cash. It was an unspoken rule at sea.

Klein counted the thick stack of notes worth 6,000 pounds. He split them into a few stacks and placed them into different pockets. Then, he nodded and said, "Not bad."

The bar owner heaved a sigh of relief. He then warily looked around before suppressing his voice.

"You have to be careful. King of Immortality is a very vengeful person. He might intercept your ship at sea."

He dared not say that he could arrange for someone to board certain ships to depart in secret, afraid that it would be detected by King of Immortality and that he would suffer retaliation as a result.

"I know," Klein replied coolly.

The bar owner said nothing more. He bowed once more and left the hotel's restaurant.

"Do you have a way to leave?" Anderson looked at Gehrman Sparrow with a curious look.

"Guess." Klein revealed a gentlemanly smile.

The corners of Anderson's lips twitched.

"I'm relieved by seeing your confidence.

"By the way, here are the tickets. It sets sail at half past one in the afternoon.

"Impressive. I thought I was quite impressive earning 1,600 pounds in a night. Who knew..."

Klein made no reply as he began enjoying his breakfast.

Later, he made a new suit to prevent himself from lacking a change of clothes.

Time passed, and soon, it was time to board the ship. Anderson held a newly bought suitcase and looked at Gehrman Sparrow beside him. He asked, seemingly worried, "Are we just leaving on this ship?

"The Death Announcer should be in the surrounding waters. The Future left yesterday after it was resupplied."

He felt that leaving while under the wrath of the King of Immortality wasn't a wise choice.

It's impossible for Gehrman Sparrow to be crazy enough to just storm right into death, right... Unless, this is his trap... A thought came to Anderson as he had a hunch.

Klein didn't turn his head to look at him. He directly boarded the liner with his suitcase.

His thoughts were simple. It was likely the Death Announcer could sense something wrong with its aura. Based on the King of Immortality's modus operandi, it was unlikely for him to make a forceful assault. If his assumption was wrong, then the moment the Death Announcer appeared along the horizon, Klein would immediately enter his room and pray to himself. Then, he would go above the gray fog to use the scepter to respond. He wanted to see who was stronger--the Blatherer at sea or the Sea God!

This wasn't Klein's original plan. He had planned on using the Sea God Scepter's ability to command sea creatures to find an underwater "carriage" for himself. Then, under layers of protection from his charms, he would pull Anderson out into the waters and escape the range of the Death Announcer's blockade before secretly boarding a liner he had tickets to.

Yet in consideration that the target of revenge had disappeared all of a sudden, it was possible that the King of Immortality would vent his anger on others by slaughtering liners indiscriminately. After all, pirates didn't abide by the law, nor did they come with any proper morals. After divining above the gray fog, Klein ultimately decided to leave brazenly.

Chapter 688: Fruitless Wait

After stepping onto the deck, entering the cabin, and reaching his room, Klein was just about to speak when Anderson Hood beat him to it.

"That's not right... If I were the passengers on board this ship, I'd definitely be very afraid and nervous to see an adventurer who just offended the King of Immortality. I'd either get the captain or first mate to convince you to switch to another ship, or I would switch ships myself. To my surprise, all of them are especially calm."

This guy is very sharp. He's able to notice the minute details... Is this a real Conspirer? Often acting happy-go-lucky, shooting off his mouth, and being optimistic, but in actuality, he has silently grasped the situation and made his preparations... As Klein opened the door with his key, he began considering if the ship had any real problems.

At that moment, Anderson raised his hand to slap himself in the cheeks before laughing dryly.

"I get it!

"It only happened recently. The news has spread among just a few adventurers and pirates. Ordinary tourists and sailors wouldn't even know about it. Besides, anyone who knows what you look like must have good sources of intelligence and can't be an ordinary person."

Wow, he knows to answer his own questions... Do you know that time is life? Klein lampooned and entered the first-class cabin.

It wasn't that he wanted to enjoy comfort, but that he needed to watch over Anderson Hood. He didn't want this "Unluckiest Hunter" to bring disaster to the liner, so he had gotten him to book a first-class cabin for themselves.

With a suitcase in hand, he walked straight to the master bedroom. Klein pointed at the guest room and the servant's room, and he said to Anderson, "Choose one for yourself."

Anderson was taken aback as he gaped.

"You're very used to this..."

Naturally, I have rich experience in interacting with hunters. If Danitz were here, I would designate him to the servant's room... Klein didn't answer as he entered the master bedroom.

At half past one, the steam engine whistled as the liner set off on time.

After hanging his coat, Klein walked out of the master bedroom in pants, a shirt, and a vest. He looked out the window at the horizon.

Driven by the wind, the green waves ebbed and gradually spread along the outline of Toscarter Island.

"That's no way to see the full situation." Anderson came over and smiled. "You can only ensure that there are no problems from one of the flanks, and the Death Announcer might appear from the other flank, or the front. The best option is to climb up to the crow's nest. Haha, there's definitely a crew member there, but an experienced hunter or pirate has a hundred means to fool his senses!"

Klein turned around and looked at Anderson with a stoic expression.

"Well said.

"I'll leave this to you."

"Ah?" Anderson was taken aback.

He snapped to his senses and asked in surprise, "You don't have any other means to observe?"

Without any other means to observe, how was he to lay a trap for the King of Immortality?

"No." Klein nodded his head with unusual candor. "I can only rely on you."

Who gave you the courage to leave under the King of Immortality's scrutiny? Anderson was momentarily speechless.

As he muttered to himself, "Don't stop me. I'm jumping ship." He left the cabin room and headed for the bottom of the crow's nest.

In theory, King of Immortality Agalito, or the Death Announcer, should've sensed my ill intent and the danger stemming from me long ago. Then, will they attack? Will they believe that I'm only at the level I appear to be and have no help, or will they suspect that some powerhouse has interfered with their premonition of danger? Klein looked away from the door and once again gazed at the sea outside.

After a while, he suddenly sensed something as he quickly activated his Spirit Vision and looked to the side.

The tall skeleton messenger burrowed out of the ground, the black flames in its eye sockets jumping slightly.

It only revealed its upper body, so it wasn't too much taller than Klein. It looked at him at eye level and handed him a letter in its hand.

Mr. Azik replied pretty quickly this time... Klein politely nodded and received the neatly folded piece of paper.

After the skeleton messenger collapsed and disappeared, he unfolded the letter against the sunlight coming in from the window.

"I'm very happy to hear about your advancement. Your travels have been more interesting than I had imagined.

"Those waters are indeed very dangerous. I vaguely remember that it might concern the source of the Cataclysm. As to why there's a remnant aura of ancient Death there, I'm not too sure.

"I will keep your warning in mind. Before completely recovering my memories, I will not enter those waters. The True Creator's ravings aren't pleasant to the ears.

"I'm somewhat interested in the ring worn by Admiral Hell. Yet I've recently been embroiled in some past matters. I might need some time before I pay him a visit..."

Upon seeing this, Klein could not help but smile.

After replying to Mr. Azik, I'll tell him that I can lock onto Admiral Hell Ludwell's location. I must get him to bring me along with him when he pays a visit. Oh no, I didn't divine the location of the Murloc Cufflink recently. I'm not sure if Ludwell has discovered it or thrown it away... Yes, I'll divine it above the gray fog after I confirm that the Death Announcer isn't pursuing me...

Klein continued reading.

"The ancient chronicles I received from Katarina do mention matters regarding Artificial Death. Simply put, the former royal family of the Balam Empire, now the upper echelons of the Numinous Episcopate, gained inspiration from the Hidden Sage's sudden awakening and anthropomorphization. They want Death, which is presently only a concept, to experience something similar.

"There's a possibility of it being fulfilled. Due to the indestructibility of Beyonder characteristics, the perishing of Death doesn't mean that the corresponding Beyonder characteristics and authority have been completely lost.

"According to the chronicles, the corresponding research hadn't achieved a breakthrough, but that was from centuries ago...

"The Sequence 4 corresponding to Seer is Bizarro Sorcerer. The powerhouses from the Antigonus and Zaratul families left a deep impression on me. Even though I've already forgotten the details, my recollections still bring me a lingering fear.

"As to where to get the formula and ingredients, I'm not sure. Perhaps you can consider switching to neighboring pathways. I've already recalled matters regarding this. You can choose Sequence 4 Secrets Sorcerer of the Apprentice pathway or Sequence 4 Parasite of the Marauder pathway. Yet I vaguely remember that these three pathways only allow switching at Sequence 3...

Indeed... There's only Arrodes left... Klein forcefully produced a grin.

After reading the reply, he took out a pen and paper and wrote down parts of the content he had already thought of, as well as asking about the exact definition of a "mythical creature."

After putting down the pen and paper, he wasn't in a hurry to summon the messenger. He planned to wait for the Death Announcer to appear before adding the request for help into the letter and then mailing it out. This way, he could hold out for some time with the Sea God Scepter, and he might even have Mr. Azik tear through the spirit world to rescue him. When the time came, the two of them could join forces and have a chance to claim the Death Announcer as theirs.

As to why he didn't write it ahead of time, it was because a Devil might not come again due to their premonition of danger. Naturally, Klein had no idea whether they could sense the exact contents of his current ill intent.

After patiently waiting for a few hours, Klein heard the door open. When he looked back, he saw Anderson stroking the side of his face. He walked in with mixed emotions.

"The Death Announcer hasn't appeared. We've completely left the waters around Toscarter Island..."

The King of Immortality actually didn't seek revenge... This fellow is more impressive than I imagined! Anderson sighed inwardly.

Klein nodded regretfully, walked to his coat rack, and took his coat and hat in preparation to head for the dining hall.

In a secret chamber, a small Red Gloves team was discussing a case they were on.

Soul Assurer Soest held a chalk and pointed at a blackboard.

"The Devil murder case this time has some similarities with the assassination of Duke Negan in Backlund.

"First, a human skin with its own smell and aura appeared. This is something that hasn't appeared in many of the Devil-related cases in the past.

"Second, there's more than one Devil. They take turns wearing the human skin in order to carry out their normal activities to conceal their partner's evil acts.

"At last, they're suspected of belonging to the Beria family..."

At that moment, Leonard, who appeared to be listening attentively in the corner, could not help but recall something when his captain mentioned Backlund.

Having witnessed the complete destruction of the underground ruin, he wanted to find time for himself to investigate the mysterious detective, Sherlock Moriarty. He had planned on starting from Sherlock Moriarty's former landlord, but his team took on an emergency case and began to investigate a new series of murders. He had no choice but to leave Backlund.

"Leonard, what's your take on this?" After Soest finished his briefing, he called on Leonard Mitchell to continue.

Leonard looked to the side in a daze and looked at the content on the blackboard. He quickly organized his words and said, "I believe that it's not only a form of concealment, but is also a requirement of a particular ritual. Captain Soest, as you know, Devils have many kinds of blasphemous and evil rituals."

"Reasonable deduction." Soest then gestured for another team member to speak his piece.

Phew, thankfully Old Man has recently been teaching me about Devils... Leonard heaved a sigh of relief and began attentively listening to the discussion of his team.

After a two-day voyage, the liner safely arrived at Oravi Island.

After checking into a hotel, Klein said to Anderson Hood, "Wait here for me. That demigod doesn't like strangers suddenly visiting."

He didn't want to expose the contact person of the Life School of Thought.

"I hope I'll live to see him." Anderson smiled bitterly as he wished himself good luck.

The corners of Klein's mouth twitched, and he decided not to say anything more. He rode on a carriage and went straight for the Church of Storms's St. Draco Cathedral.

Before long, he arrived once again in the small room in the magnificent bell tower where he saw the tall, extremely asymmetrical and ugly bellman, Carnot.

After hearing Gehrman Sparrow's intentions, the hunched Carnot nodded.

"I'll bring you to Mr. Ricciardo. He has already recovered and is no longer where he originally was.

"Alright." Just as Klein replied, he suddenly recalled that Carnot was a product of the Church of Earth Mother's human-body refinement. He then asked a question, "Do you know Frank Lee?"

Chapter 689: That's It?

Bellman Carnot's expression immediately seemed strange when he heard Frank Lee's name.

"Yes, he... he's a kind and pure person, but at times, his purity is terrifying."

Indeed... Klein made way and allowed the bellman to walk down the stairs. As he followed him down, he asked, "Are you familiar with him?"

Carnot silently walked ahead, and after a while, he said with his back facing Gehrman Sparrow, "I'm a failed product filled with various problems. I was always mocked, and only Frank was one of the few who looked at me normally, treating me as someone with a real soul..."

"Why did he leave the Church of Earth Mother?" Klein asked despite knowing the answer.

Carnot came out of the bell tower, answering while getting his bearings, "I do not know about the specifics.

"He's an orphan. He grew up in the cloister from a young age. He really treats the Church as a family and views Earth Mother as his mother.

"He has many strange ideas. He had the opportunity of becoming a diocesan bishop, but he was later nearly sent to a tribunal for being sacrilegious."

Frank mentioned this before. He was trying to crossbreed a bull, a cow, and wheat together... To be frank, if it were me, I would've sent him to the tribunal as well... This guy was fine early on because of his low Sequence, limiting what he can do... Klein mumbled and followed Carnot down another street and arrived in the alley behind St. Draco Cathedral.

Carnot walked in front of an ordinary building, pulled the doorbell three times, each tug lasting two seconds.

After a while, thudding sounds approached as the door creaked open.

Klein immediately saw an elder in a black short coat with a hard cane.

His hair was as white as snow, but he didn't have any obvious wrinkles. He wore a black eye mask around his eyes.

"Mr. Councilor, Mr. Gehrman Sparrow is here to pay you a visit."

Councilor Ricciardo? He's Councilor Ricciardo? He's blind? Previously, Klein had only heard his voice without meeting him. It was no wonder he was surprised.

Ricciardo turned his ear to the side and slowly looked toward Gehrman Sparrow and chuckled.

"Sorry, I can only meet you this way. When I woke up this morning, I suddenly had a premonition that I mustn't open my eyes to see anything today. To prevent any accidents, I put on an eye mask." You can actually do that... He's every bit as much of a charlatan... Klein was momentarily amused and surprised.

Afterward, he understood the correct interpretation of his premonition. He didn't want to see him!

He remembered that Beyonders from the Monster pathway could see things others couldn't see. Thus, Snake of Mercury Will Auceptin could sense my uniqueness. And back in Tingen City, Ademisaul's eyes bled and he collapsed to the ground simply from seeing me.

Councilor Ricciardo sensed the danger and wore an eye mask ahead of time... Sigh, if not for that, I was planning on asking what he can see... Klein didn't have any desire to force others to harm themselves. He held back his thoughts and asked, "Do you have clues to the mystical item I need?"

"Not at present," Ricciardo said, smiling. "After I recovered from my injuries, I went to Bayam. I was lucky that there had been changes to the upper echelons of the navy and governor-general's office, so I successfully rescued Roy King, but that took up a great deal of my time."

Klein had expected this as he said without any signs of surprise, "Then, I'll use this request to get another form of help.

"I have a friend who is plagued with bad luck after interacting with a mural left behind by the Angel of Fate. He needs it completely removed."

Ricciardo thought for a moment before saying, "No problem. Bring me over to him. Don't allow him to leave his residence, or there might be accidents."

Klein nodded and walked toward the alley with his suitcase in hand. He took the opportunity to ask, "Mr. Councilor, what do you know about the Mother Tree of Desire?"

In Klein's view, the Life School of Thought and the Rose School of Thought were at odds with each other, so it was likely they knew each other very well.

With cane in hand, Ricciardo slowly walked behind him to his right. He didn't need anyone to help him; it was as if he weren't wearing an eye mask.

He chuckled.

"The Mother Tree of Desire is the Rose School of Thought's manifestation of the Chained God. Yet I suspect that the truth is actually the reverse. The Chained God is one of the Mother Tree of Desire's many manifestations. My reasoning is that Red Light, Moria, claims that the Mutant pathway's Sequence 0 is still unoccupied. Heh heh, you know about Sequence 0, right?"

"Yes," Klein answered succinctly. He didn't even express his knowledge of the Great White Brotherhood.

Ricciardo grunted in acknowledgment. "In short, no one knows the true identity of the Mother Tree of Desire, nor does anyone know what 'Her' pathway is. Perhaps, that's 'Her' true identity. In addition, I can provide some indirect information.

"The Mother Tree of Desire and the Primordial Moon are at odds. There seems to be some irreconcilable conflict between them, and it's because of this that the Rose School of Thought views us as an enemy.

"Yet at times, the Mother Tree of Desire and the Primordial Moon seem to have a subtle relationship. You might find it hard to imagine that the Southern Continent's Shaman King, who worships the moon, joined the Rose School of Thought.

"The seven Churches hate the True Creator, Primordial Demoness, Dark Side of the Universe, and the other evil gods, but their hatred for the Primordial Moon and Mother Tree of Desire runs even deeper.

"Similarly, the Aurora Order, Demoness Sect, Blood Sanctify Sect, and Moses Ascetic Order do not like the Rose School of Thought."

That's interesting... The Mother Tree of Desire is one of the two most isolated entities? Klein pondered as he hailed a carriage and watched Carnot help Ricciardo into it.

He then entered the carriage and instructed the driver to bring them to a nearby hotel.

Before long, the carriage arrived at their destination. Just as Klein was about to get off, he suddenly heard a loud bang. A rumbling explosion shook the entire street as glass fragments from a window fell to the ground.

No way... Could it be caused by Anderson's bad luck? Klein's spiritual intuition told him that it was the case, but the Unluckiest Hunter had apparently lived.

He looked out the carriage and saw that a huge chunk of wall had collapsed from the hotel's second floor. Flames and smoke remained.

At that moment, a figure with disheveled blond hair and messy clothes stood below as he muttered, "To think that there's such a daring person to trade arms in a hotel. New kinds of explosives, especially. He nearly caused me to die without even knowing why... My suitcase..."

Klein looked down at the suitcase he was carrying and suddenly felt how great it was to be cautious.

He turned around and helped Ricciardo out of the carriage.

Anderson sensed something as he turned his head and said with a bitter smile, "The arms dealers these days are too unprofessional! Thankfully, it's daytime, and there aren't many people in the hotel. The owner sure is pitiful, having to suffer a certain loss. Yet the gold they carry shouldn't be destroyed that easily. It should make up for his loss."

I think your bad luck is responsible for a large share of the blame... Klein nodded and said to Ricciardo, "It's him."

Ricciardo then looked to Anderson, but his gaze was completely blocked by the black eye mask.

He paused for several seconds before smiling.

"Give me a gold coin."

"Oh?" Feeling suspicious, Anderson took a Loen gold coin from inside his clothes. Then, he smiled at Gehrman Sparrow. "It's a tradition from my hometown. We sew a tiny pocket inside our clothes to hold a few coins. I didn't believe in it before, but I've simply been too unlucky recently."

As he spoke, he handed the gold coin to Ricciardo.

Ricciardo received the gold coin and slowly closed his fingers before retracting his hand.

He then laughed and said, "Alright. Your bad luck has been dispelled."

"Ah?" Anderson stood there in shock as he looked at Gehrman Sparrow, as if saying, "That's it? Did you find a fraud?"

Klein was surprised as well, but he chose to believe Ricciardo. After all, he was a Fate Councilor.

Ricciardo put away the gold coin and chuckled.

"The bad luck you received this time wasn't child's play. If you don't believe me, you can head over to the casino to try your luck."

"Makes sense!" Anderson clapped and immediately got directions for the nearest casino from a passerby.

After a while, he returned in a clean and decent jacket. He looked at Ricciardo and instinctively opened his mouth.

He was suddenly taken aback as he forcibly closed his mouth and thanked him with a grin.

After seeing the demigod off in a carriage, he leaned toward Gehrman Sparrow and wistfully said, "I was planning to say, 'Although you're blind, you really are amazing in the domain of fate...' Thankfully, I remembered in time that he's a demigod."

If you had really said that, you might have the chance of becoming the hunter who died immediately after having his bad luck removed... Klein didn't echo his sentiments as he said, "Now can you tell me the clues to that revolver?"

As Creeping Hunger had great limitations, he still wished for a more conventional offensive mystical item.

Anderson combed his hair and chuckled.

"It's in Bayam.

"It's from a friend I used to know, a very powerful adventurer. As he got sick of the unstable and dangerous life, he used his savings to buy a few spice gardens and found a lady to marry. He then completely left this line of work we're in.

"He recently had a child and his thoughts changed again. He began to wish that his child would be brought up in a better and safer environment with better educational prospects, so he plans on moving to Backlund. There are the best grammar schools and public schools there.

"Heh heh, he doesn't want to rent a place in Backlund, but he also doesn't plan to sell the gardens that provide him with a steady income. He happens to have more mystical items than he needs, so he plans to sell that revolver.

"Back then, I was in a rush to follow the treasure-hunting expedition into those waters, so I'm not sure if he succeeded in the end. Yet few people can buy something worth nearly ten thousand pounds simultaneously, so the transaction won't close that easily."

"Alright. Bring me to him," Klein replied.

At that moment on the Golden Dream, Danitz was horrified to realize a problem.

His captain hadn't appeared in three days!

Chapter 690: Miss Messenger

Under the sunlight, the Golden Dream emitted golden luster as if it was a moving treasure.

Danitz stood inside the captain's cabin, pacing about endlessly. He attempted to recall everything that had happened over the past few days to find a clue.

Three days ago, his captain, Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina, had planned to conduct research that might keep her out of sight for ten to twenty hours. Thus, all corresponding classes were canceled. Danitz and company thought nothing of it; this happened frequently.

They were delighted that they didn't need to attend classes; hence, they drank, sang, and held a bonfire party aboard the ship. They came just short of burning down the Golden Dream, but they had a wonderful time.

But with the passage of time, everyone gradually felt that something was amiss, including the somewhat slow Danitz. Their captain, who should've finished her studies within 24 hours, didn't appear the next day. She didn't even get anyone to send her food or light beer, which served as drinking water!

After patiently waiting for half a day without seeing Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina, the sailors mustered the courage to knock on her door. To their horror, there wasn't any response.

Led by the first mate, Bru Walls, the pirates opened the captain's cabin and found it empty!

They then went to the collector's room and other places, but they failed to find her.

Based on past experiences, their initial guess was that their captain had suddenly thought of something and left the Golden Dream in a rush while using some mystical technique or emulating someone else's Beyonder powers without leaving a letter behind.

Later, Danitz and company attempted to contact her using methods like the Soulfall Ritual, but they failed to receive a response. All they could do was search the captain's cabin and other places as they convinced themselves to wait patiently.

Three days passed, but Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina neither appeared nor replied. It left the sailors panicking.

"Dogsh*t, any results from your divination? Didn't you claim to be an expert?" Danitz turned toward Flowery Bow Tie Jodeson in frustration.

Jodeson, with his black hair that was dyed gold, rubbed his temples and said in a mellow voice, "They failed. Every divination method used to find her has failed.

"But at present, it can be confirmed that Captain is still alive. It's just that her whereabouts are unknown."

The first mate, Walls, who had short, grayish, curly hair, nudged his monocle and said, "We need to seek help. None of Captain's collections have been lost. She didn't even bring her essential mystical items with her when she left. This means that the situation was very sudden and unexpected."

"Whose help can we seek?" Barrel Daniels, another boatswain with a barrel-like waist, asked anxiously.

Bru Walls raised his silver-patterned knife to his aquiline nose and said, "Return to the western shore."

His words implied that they should seek help from the Church of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom, which backed Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina.

"That won't do. To go from the pirates' playground to the western shore, we will need to pass the Sonia Sea, the North Sea, and the Berserk Sea. Then, we will cruise through the Fog Sea for a very long period of time. Captain can't wait that long! Anything might happen to her at any time!" Flowery Bow Tie Jodeson said. "We have to immediately find someone we can quickly contact and provide us with help on short notice."

Danitz wanted to curse "dogsh*t," when he suddenly had a flash of inspiration.

There was only one person he could contact quickly: Gehrman Sparrow. Moreover, this crazy adventurer had never hidden his skill at divination or his mysterious background!

Perhaps that madman can find Captain. He's often able to do the impossible... Danitz tugged at his collar as he felt his worry and frustration ease a little.

He puffed out his chest and looked around. Then, he cleared his throat and said, "I have a candidate. I can immediately contact him. Besides, he's very good at divination..."

Just as he said that, Gourmet Bru Walls, Flowery Bow Tie Jodeson, Iron Skin, Barrel, and company looked at him together. With their eyes red, they roared, "What are you waiting for!?"

Danitz silently left the captain's cabin and returned to his room.

He unfolded a piece of paper, picked up a fountain pen, and followed his captain's teachings by writing a greeting followed by some pleasantries.

Suddenly, he stopped writing. He felt that the excessive politeness and small talk didn't match his purpose in asking for help.

"Dogsh*t!" Danitz cursed as he tore up the piece of paper.

Immediately afterward, he wrote on a new piece of paper:

"Help!

"Captain has vanished!"

"Well... Although Gehrman Sparrow is a madman who can't be understood through common sense, he probably won't be able to make sense of such a letter... Dogsh*t!" Danitz cursed himself again as he ripped up the second letter.

He calmed himself down and contemplated for several seconds before beginning a third letter.

This time, he simply described what had happened after his captain's disappearance. He also included the Golden Dream's location and carefully phrased his request, asking whether Mr. Gehrman Sparrow could provide help to a partner.

"Divination needs something..." Just as Danitz folded the letter, he suddenly realized that he had forgotten something. He rushed back to the captain's cabin and found a pearl earring that Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina often wore.

After doing all of this, he took out his notebook that was filled with all sorts of mysticism knowledge. He flipped to the corresponding page and awkwardly set up a messenger-summoning ritual with his past experience.

After placing a gold coin on the altar, he took two steps back and recited in ancient Hermes, "I!

"I summon in my name:

"The spirit that roams the unfounded, the friendly creature willing to submit, the messenger that belongs to Gehrman Sparrow."

Howling winds resonated as the candlelight on the altar swiftly swelled before being dyed a pale whiteness.

Reinette Tinekerr appeared promptly, still wearing her complicated black dress while holding four beautiful and identical heads.

Danitz expected the messenger to bite the gold coin and the envelope containing the letter and earring, just as it had last time. To his surprise, however, the four heads in Reinette Tinekerr's hand turned of their own accord, surveying the area before finally looking toward the captain's cabin.

A few seconds later, two of the heads in Reinette Tinekerr's hand bit down on the gold coin and the envelope.

After the strange messenger vanished, Danitz exhaled and wiped his forehead, feeling an inexplicable pressure.

Oravi Island, in the room of another hotel.

Klein was just about to have Anderson Hood, who had won a fair amount of money, purchase tickets to Bayam, the City of Generosity, when his spiritual perception was triggered.

He quickly activated his Spirit Vision and saw his headless messenger, Reinette Tinekerr, appear by his side already. In her hands were four beautiful heads.

She's unlike the skeleton messengers, which I can detect the moment they appear. My spiritual perception is triggered only after she has completely entered the real world... Klein thought as he took the letter from between the teeth of one of Reinette Tinekerr's heads.

At the same time, he noticed that Anderson's spiritual perception was every bit as sharp as his own. Anderson had reacted as well.

"This is a... messenger?" Anderson asked in disbelief, as if he had heard of such things but had never seen them before.

Klein nodded without expression as he tore open the letter.

Eh, a pearl earring? Klein unfolded the letter, puzzled.

By his side, Anderson leaned closer curiously as he studied Reinette Tinekerr as he tsked.

"There's an indescribably bloody beauty..."

Just as he said that, his hands suddenly rose up to grab himself by the throat. The grip was so tight that his tongue protruded as he foamed at the mouth. As for Reinette Tinekerr, who had nothing above her neck, she showed no further reaction.

Klein looked over and carefully assessed the situation before turning to his messenger. He silently mused, That resembles Miss Sharron's abilities... Does Miss Messenger belong to the Prisoner pathway? No, I can't be sure. She's a spirit world creature, so it's perfectly normal for her to be skilled at such things...

Realizing that Anderson was about to suffocate, Klein leisurely said, "That's enough. He still needs to lead me somewhere."

One of the heads in Reinette Tinekerr's hand turned over as she glanced at Anderson with her bloodshot eyes for a moment.

Afterward, each of the heads spoke in turn.

"Still..." "Can..." "Lead..." "You..." "By..." "Making..." "Into..." "Zombie..."

As she said that, Anderson's hands finally stopped and released his neck, leaving deep, unmistakable finger marks on it.

Phew... Phew... The Strongest Hunter panted as he doubled over, retching.

Klein quickly scanned the letter and saw that it was from Danitz. This "famous pirate" wrote to him, saying that Vice Admiral Iceberg had mysteriously vanished and needed help.

Just as he moved his gaze away from the letter, Klein was surprised to see Reinette Tinekerr was still around.

This makes no sense in mysticism... Shouldn't a messenger disappear after sending the letter, appearing only when summoned again? Klein deliberated and asked out of curiosity, "Is there anything else?"

"Awaiting..." "Your..." "Reply..." "Letter..." Reinette's four heads said in succession.

"How do you know that I'll reply?" Klein glanced at Anderson, who hadn't recovered, and confirmed that the Strongest Hunter had failed to notice those words that didn't match Gehrman's persona.

The heads in Reinette's hand said once again, "Her..." "Disappearance is..." "Very..." "Odd..."

"How do you know that?" Klein instantly imagined that Miss Messenger had secretly read Danitz's letter.

The long-blond-haired heads rolled their eyes, each speaking one part of a complete sentence.

"Investigated..." "The ship's..." "Situation..."

My messenger is a part-time scout? Miss Reinette Tinekerr, will you serve as a hired goon in the future? I wonder if I need to pay extra... Klein lampooned inwardly. Then he said, "No rush. I'll reply later."

He planned on heading above the gray fog to use Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina's earring to do a divination.

Reinette Tinekerr didn't say a word as she vanished silently.

"Ahem..." Anderson finally recovered as he stood straight. He gave Gehrman Sparrow an astonished look. "Your messenger... Your messenger is a demigod!?"

Chapter 691: Meeting

There's no need for you to tell me. I more or less confirmed it moments ago... Upon hearing Anderson Hood's words, Klein maintained a calm expression as he muttered inwardly.

Back when he had encountered Reinette Tinekerr in the spirit world and seen her enormous true form and Gothic-style castle, Klein had already believed that she wasn't someone to be trifled with. And after Miss Messenger had nearly killed the Strongest Hunter with such ease, he had no doubt that she was a demigod--a Sequence 4 at the very least!

A demigod is willing to deliver letters for me at one gold coin per trip? Obviously, things aren't that simple. Miss Messenger must have her own motives. Of course, I can't discount the fact that I'm always encountering all sorts of strange matters. They might have piqued her interest, and since she happens to be free, she doesn't mind acting as a messenger...

Similar cases include Arrodes's fawning and the friendliness of Will Auceptin, the Snake of Mercury... Regardless, I should remain wary and not trust her completely... Until I have a chance to discuss such matters, I shouldn't consider blowing the harmonica whenever I'm in danger. Who knows whether Miss Messenger might simply tear me to shreds... Countless thoughts flashed through Klein's mind, but he continued to wear a stoic expression. Faced with the alarmed Anderson, he merely nodded slightly.

"It's none of your business."

...This fellow really is mysterious! A demigod-level spirit world creature is his messenger! On top of that, he casually knows a demigod skilled at improving a person's luck... No wonder he's so calm and composed after offending the King of Immortality... No wonder the King of Immortality didn't dare seek revenge or even show himself! Anderson suddenly came to a realization and couldn't help carefully sizing up Gehrman Sparrow.

"Oh?" Klein swept an emotionless gaze over the Strongest Hunter.

Anderson hurriedly looked away and chuckled dryly.

"I realized that you're particularly suited to being the subject of a portrait--the kind with a dark, gloomy background. It would really accentuate your bearing.

"How about it? Would you consider it? I can paint your portrait. Believe me, I'm a master at this!"

Klein couldn't be bothered to listen to his nonsense. He took out his gold pocket watch and flipped it open.

"Return to your room. I'll come for you in five minutes."

"All right," Anderson replied with a beaming smile.

After the Strongest Hunter left, Klein took out Azik's copper whistle and Will Auceptin's paper crane, then entered the bathroom and set up a ritual.

After bringing Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina's pearl earring above the gray fog, Klein sat at the head of the long bronze table. There, he conjured a pen and paper and wrote a simple divination statement: "Edwina Edwards's location."

Holding the paper and the earring, Klein leaned back in his chair and recited the divination statement as he entered a dream through Cogitation.

At first, a gray world filled his vision. Then, plains blanketed in ice and snow appeared before his eyes.

A howling blizzard enveloped everything, and the entire area was shrouded in thick fog. It didn't seem to correspond to any real place.

Klein quickly saw Edwina. Her long brown hair was tied simply behind her head, while the loose ends whipped wildly in the blizzard.

Dressed in dark trousers and a fitted white shirt with elaborate floral patterns around the collar and sleeves, she appeared frail in such an environment.

Her leather-booted feet moved constantly through the snow, leaving a trail of distinct footprints that the violent blizzard swiftly erased.

The scene shattered, and Klein opened his eyes. He realized that he couldn't determine Vice Admiral Iceberg's actual location from the revelation provided by the divination.

The polar regions? Feysac's Plains of Evernight? There's no way to tell. Apart from the blizzard, there aren't any distinguishing features... Klein sat up and put down the pearl earring and the paper bearing the divination statement.

After pondering for a few seconds, he confirmed another fact--Edwina Edwards had truly vanished. She wasn't aboard the Golden Dream. This also ruled out the possibility of a trap.

Klein cautiously performed several more divinations on the matter and received the result that there were no traps aboard the Golden Dream.

After some thought, he left the mysterious space above the gray fog and, through the usual series of procedures, brought the pearl earring back to the real world.

Recalling the map of the waters surrounding Oravi Island and the Golden Dream's present location, Klein selected an uninhabited island where fishermen sometimes took shelter from storms. In his letter, he instructed Danitz and the others to sail to a point nearby.

After folding the letter, he blew the harmonica and once again saw Miss Messenger appear, carrying her four heads.

As he handed her the reply, Klein coughed lightly and asked, "Can you confirm Danitz's location?"

One of the heads in Reinette Tinekerr's hand nodded before the others spoke in turn.

"Yes..." "As long as..." "He isn't beyond my range..."

Seeing Miss Messenger continue to float there with no sign of leaving, he averted his gaze and said, "Danitz will pay the gold coin."

"All right..." Reinette Tinekerr's figure quickly faded away.

Phew. Klein exhaled. After making meticulous preparations and cleaning up the scene, he picked up the suitcase he had finished packing and left the room. He then knocked on Anderson Hood's door.

"We'll go somewhere else before heading to Bayam," he calmly informed the Strongest Hunter. "You can either wait for me in Bayam or come with me."

Anderson gave a cheeky smile and said, "I can feel my adventurer's blood burning. I'm very curious about the matter that messenger brought.

"I thought I had no way to learn more, but to my surprise, you actually invited me!"

I didn't. I'm only giving you two choices... Klein coldly turned around and walked toward the stairs. Anderson hurriedly picked up his newly purchased suitcase and followed.

After leaving the hotel, Klein took a carriage out of the port city, then walked to the edge of an uninhabited cliff on Mount Saint Draco.

Looking at the waves crashing against the cliff below, Anderson glanced around in surprise.

"This is our destination?"

Klein ignored the question. He took out a tin charm and softly chanted the incantation, "Storm."

He infused it with spirituality and split the charm's power in two, using half on himself and the other half to augment Anderson. He then tossed the spent charm off the cliff.

"Underwater breathing, deep-sea membrane..." Anderson identified the additional supernatural effects on him in surprise.

At that moment, a loud splash came from beneath the cliff. A massive creature resembling a whale surfaced from the sea.

It was entirely dark blue. Its mouth opened to reveal white teeth and a blood-red interior.

Klein walked to the edge of the cliff and jumped straight down. With the charm's power, he landed gently inside the undersea behemoth's mouth.

Anderson stared blankly for a moment before jumping down in excitement and landing beside Klein.

The massive undersea creature closed its mouth, plunging the interior into pitch darkness.

Then, it submerged and began swimming toward its designated destination.

Inside its mouth, lightning flashed in Klein's eyes, allowing him to see through the darkness. He found a tooth to lean against and casually sat down.

Protected by the deep-sea membrane, he wasn't worried about dirtying his clothes.

"Man, this is quite fascinating..." Anderson surveyed the area and asked curiously, "How did you come up with this? How are you doing it?"

Of course, I prayed to myself, then used the Sea God Scepter to draw over a suitable undersea creature from nearby... Klein didn't answer Anderson's question. He half-closed his eyes as though resting.

"It's just a little stuffy..." Anderson took a cigar case and a match from his pocket. "Can I smoke in here?"

"Ask it." Klein didn't open his eyes.

Anderson chuckled dryly before putting away the cigar and match.

"I don't think it'll like the smell of tobacco."

In the dark sea, the massive creature swam swiftly, periodically using its specialized organs to efficiently extract oxygen from the water.

After an unknown period, it surfaced in front of an uninhabited island.

After using the charm's power to make his way ashore, Klein removed his hat and bowed to the undersea creature.

"You're very polite..." Anderson remarked in amusement upon seeing this.

"I've always been very polite, even when facing prey." Klein shot him a glance as though including him in that category.

Anderson chuckled dryly and pointed toward the other side of the island.

"There's a ship over there.

"Oh, it's the Golden Dream!"

Klein had also spotted the sailboat, scrubbed spotlessly clean. On the vessel, which stretched dozens of meters, a gleaming main cannon that looked entirely out of place swirled with overlapping symbols.

Carrying his suitcase, he immediately headed over and soon reached the place where the Golden Dream lay at anchor.

Then, he saw Danitz leap from the deck and run across the water.

Just as Danitz arrived before Gehrman Sparrow and began deliberating over what to say, he suddenly noticed a familiar figure.

"Anderson Hood!" He pointed at the Strongest Hunter and shouted.

Anderson immediately burst into laughter.

"You weren't expecting me, were you?"

Although he had no idea why they had encountered the Golden Dream, that didn't stop him from entertaining the idea of seizing the ship by force.

You know each other? Klein indifferently swept his gaze toward Danitz.

Danitz instinctively shuddered and forced a smile.

"This fellow is no good. In the Fog Sea, he's often pursued by groups of pirates, but in the end, every one of those pirates becomes bounty money.

"You might not know this, but he started out in the Church of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom. Later, he was expelled after repeatedly failing his exams. I heard all this from Captain. They were once classmates."

He gave Anderson a contemptuous look that mocked his low intelligence. Flowery Bow Tie Jodeson and the others aboard the ship wore similar expressions.

Anderson's gaze slowly swept across their faces before he clicked his tongue.

"That isn't the main point. The main point is that I once pulled your captain's hair!"

The scene instantly fell silent, and Danitz couldn't stop his expression from twisting.

Chapter 692: Suspect

Seeing everyone aboard the Golden Dream turn their attention to Anderson, Klein stepped forward and said to Danitz, his body angled sideways, "Take me to the captain's cabin."

"All right, all right." Danitz withdrew his furious glare from Anderson Hood.

Rescuing Captain comes first. Rescuing Captain comes first... he repeated inwardly.

The Golden Dream first launched a dinghy, then lowered a gangway, allowing Klein to board with ease without using a charm.

Anderson followed beside him, completely ignoring the glares from the Golden Dream's crew. Smiling, he strolled forward and looked around as though he were in his own home.

His mental fortitude truly is remarkable... Even after offending a demigod, being forced to apologize in public, and accepting a mission, he could still laugh at himself and enjoy a meal... Klein sighed inwardly as he walked toward Third Mate Jodeson and the others.

"Hello, Mr. Sparrow. I'm this ship's first mate, Bru Walls." A 1.8-meter-tall man wearing a monocle bowed politely.

The pirate Gourmet, worth 6,200 pounds... The bounties on Vice Admiral Iceberg's crew are clearly lower than those on Admiral of Stars's crew. They live up to their reputation as treasure hunters who happen to be part-time pirates... Klein greeted him with Gehrman Sparrow's characteristic politeness. "Hello. I've heard of you."

"Haha, it's my honor. I'm merely a treasure hunter who dreamed of becoming an artisan, but somehow ended up a gourmet," Bru Walls said self-deprecatingly. He pointed to the man beside him. "Our second mate, Singer Orpheus."

A bounty of 5,500 pounds... The Beyonders aboard the Golden Dream all have very unusual nicknames. If I didn't know they were the subordinates of a pirate admiral, I would've believed them to be a traveling troupe that sings, enjoys good food around bonfires, and searches for legendary treasures. What a beautiful life... Klein looked at Orpheus and nodded.

The Singer had sharply chiseled features and brilliant blond hair. With a sorrowful smile, he said, "In truth, I merely praise the sun, but now my 'sun' has disappeared."

...

Klein nearly broke out in goosebumps.

"Tsk, as expected of someone from Intis. He speaks as though he's singing. What a pity. I grew up in Segar, in Lenburg, and failed to acquire that talent," Anderson said with a chuckle. It was unclear whether he was praising or belittling Orpheus. After all, half the blood in his veins came from Intis.

Born in Segar and later studied in Lenburg. Yes, likely at a Church school. He was Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina's classmate... Mr. Orpheus is definitely from the Sun pathway, but he probably isn't from the Church of the Eternal Blazing Sun. Judging by his bounty, he's likely a Sequence 6 Notary... I nearly forgot to tell Little Sun that I have his formula. I wonder what he'll offer in exchange this time... Klein turned toward Flowery Bow Tie Jodeson and Barrel Daniels before Gourmet Bru Walls could introduce them.

"We've met.

"Let's not waste any time."

"All right." Bru Walls sighed in relief, stroked his short beard, and led the way into the cabin.

If Gehrman Sparrow hadn't been so famous aboard the ship, he wouldn't have been nearly so polite.

At that moment, Anderson deliberately fell behind to walk alongside Danitz, Orpheus, and the others.

He looked from side to side, unfazed by the surrounding pirates' desire to tear him apart, and clicked his tongue with a laugh.

"I'm not the one you should be wary of."

"Right, we aren't wary of you. We just want to stuff you in there. See that? Into that cannon!" Danitz wasn't afraid of Anderson despite his title as the Strongest Hunter. After all, they were aboard the Golden Dream. There were plenty of pirates here, many of them Sequence 6 or 7 Beyonders.

Anderson curled his lips.

"I'm actually no threat at all. Think about it. Your captain definitely hates and loathes me. She wouldn't even want to speak to me. Isn't that ideal?"

...

Danitz's mouth fell open, but he said nothing. He suddenly felt that this piece of dogshit had a point.

The gazes of Orpheus, Jodeson, and the others subconsciously softened as well.

Anderson chuckled as he looked at them. In a rather ethereal tone, he said, "The person you should be wary of is Gehrman Sparrow."

"Why?" Danitz blurted out.

Although he's a madman who warrants caution, he isn't an enemy at the moment... Danitz silently added.

Anderson laughed.

"Let's suppose--suppose Gehrman successfully finds and rescues your captain. Wouldn't your captain develop a favorable impression of him as a result? Besides, he's quite good-looking. He has that cold, aloof aesthetic, and he's powerful. His strength is on the level of a pirate admiral, and his background is exceptionally mysterious. They're a perfect match..."

How... How is that possible... Danitz wanted to retort, but for a moment, he couldn't find the words. He grew increasingly convinced that something wasn't right.

The expressions of Orpheus and the others collapsed bit by bit. They looked at Gehrman Sparrow's back with newfound wariness.

Resolved! The provocation problem from earlier has been resolved... Smiling, Anderson entered the cabin.

Upon entering the captain's cabin, Klein first circled the room, which was nearly filled with bookshelves laden with all kinds of books.

The average captain's cabin is filled with racks of liquor... he muttered inwardly before walking straight to the desk by the window.

According to Danitz's account, Edwina had vanished in the midst of her research. Therefore, Klein's goal was to find traces of that research. Once he had gathered enough information, he would go above the gray fog and divine the matter.

At that moment, the desk was in disarray, with many objects scattered across it: white paper, a fountain pen, an ink bottle, a bronze dagger, and untidily stacked books.

At the center of the desk lay a book made of goatskin. Its dark brown cover bore the words "Groselle's Travels" in ancient Feysac.

Isn't this one of Vice Admiral Iceberg's collectibles? It has a mysterious origin and is suspected of being connected to dragons and the City of Miracles, Liveseyd... Edwina was studying this before she disappeared? Klein looked at the book and instinctively formed a conjecture.

Seeing Gehrman Sparrow examining the ancient book, Danitz forced a smile and said, "There's nothing wrong with it. We've already inspected it."

Is that so? I seriously doubt your thoroughness... Since someone had already leafed through it without encountering any obvious abnormalities, and since his spiritual intuition told him that Danitz was telling the truth, Klein reached for it and asked, "Have any of you read Groselle's Travels?"

Danitz shook his head. Bru Walls, Orpheus, Jodeson, and the others did the same.

Their expressions seemed to say that their daily studies were tiring enough. They had no desire to read more books during their breaks!

Running a fingertip over the yellowish-brown goatskin, Klein carefully and earnestly read through each page.

Soon, he reached the place where the pages were stuck together. From the corner of his eye, he caught sight of the text written there.

Eh... That's not right! His gaze sharpened, and he hurriedly flipped back two pages.

He clearly remembered that his previous reading had ended with the giant Groselle and his team preparing to challenge the frost dragon, the King of the North, in a head-on battle. There had been nothing after that, but now two new pages had appeared!

This also meant that the block of stuck pages had grown thinner, while the book had gained two readable pages!

The story stopped for a thousand years before suddenly continuing? Is this the result of Vice Admiral Iceberg's research? Did it also cause her disappearance? As Klein lampooned inwardly, he frowned and read the new content.

The two pages described a lost female pirate. She encountered the King of the North in a blizzard and was nearly killed. Only by using all her strength did she manage to escape and encounter the protagonist's team, who had come to challenge the frost dragon.

A female pirate has been added... Female pirate... Klein mulled over the description as an idea suddenly occurred to him.

Could she be Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina?

Did she enter the book and become a character in the story?

With this thought in mind, Klein quickly realized several things.

Arrodes once mentioned that the previous owners of Groselle's Travels had vanished...

Groselle's Travels contains a giant from the Dark Epoch, which is also the Second Epoch; an elf; an ascetic from the Third or Fourth Epoch; a noble of the Solomon Empire; and a Loen soldier from the Fifth Epoch. Their eras are completely jumbled.

If they were all previous owners of Groselle's Travels who disappeared, that would explain everything... They didn't belong to the same era. They were swallowed by the book and became characters in its story! Klein found his own theory absurd, yet highly plausible.

In the world of mysticism, this isn't impossible!

I have to confirm it... Also, what did Edwina and the previous owners do to be "swallowed" by the book... And what should I do to free them... Klein withdrew his gaze and pondered silently.

Soon, he looked up at Danitz and the others.

"Prepare candles and the other necessary items. I will pray to a secret existence for an answer."

And that secret existence is me... Klein jokingly added inwardly.

He really is both professional and insane... Gourmet Bru Walls and the others didn't dare say anything more. They hurriedly provided the materials and left the captain's cabin.

They didn't dare observe such a dangerous ritual unless Gehrman Sparrow explicitly asked them to.

Inside the captain's cabin, Klein locked the door, shut the windows, and quickly set up the ritual. He then brought Groselle's Travels above the gray fog.

After placing the ancient book at the end of the long bronze table, he sat down and conjured a pen and paper. He then wrote the divination statement: "Edwina is in the story of this book."

Chapter 693: Attempt

After setting down the fountain pen, Klein removed the spirit pendulum from his left wrist. He held the chain in one hand, allowing the pendant to hang close above the paper.

"Edwina is in the story of this book." Klein closed his eyes and silently repeated the divination statement.

After reciting it, he opened his eyes and saw the topaz pendant rotating clockwise.

This meant that Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina was indeed inside Groselle's Travels!

It really is a world inside a book... Furthermore, the circumstances inside are very unusual. Without new characters, the story can't continue... Klein nodded almost imperceptibly. Winding the silver chain and topaz pendant around his wrist once more, he picked up a dark red fountain pen and wrote a new divination statement: "The method of entering Groselle's Travels."

This time, he used dream divination. In the gray, hazy world, he saw indistinct figures.

The figures varied in size. Some were huge, while others were slender. The one thing they had in common was that each held a book with yellowish-brown goatskin pages.

What followed branched into two different scenes. Some of them silently vanished with Groselle's Travels in their possession. Others accidentally or deliberately dripped blood onto the cover while carrying Groselle's Travels, then suddenly vanished!

The scene shattered, and Klein opened his eyes to see the mottled table before him. Frowning, he interpreted the revelation.

To enter or activate Groselle's Travels, one must either remain in prolonged contact with it until a certain condition is met, or drip one's blood onto the cover?

Isn't that too simple? Perhaps... it really is that simple. In the story, the Loen soldier first appeared as an ordinary person who knew nothing of mysticism. With his companions' help, he gradually became a Disciplinary Paladin... Therefore, the activation method can't be too complicated. An ordinary person must be capable of carrying it out.

A small number of earlier researchers, including Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina, were Beyonders with sufficient knowledge of mysticism. They knew better than to rashly drip their blood on it; otherwise, they might die without even knowing why. It's like an ordinary person using the correct form of magic mirror divination. It's very easy to provoke a powerful or secret existence. That's why nothing happened to them...

Furthermore, Edwina usually keeps Groselle's Travels in the collection room and only handles it occasionally. Was it because she recently developed a new research idea and remained in prolonged contact with it that she fulfilled the condition needed to activate the book?

Yes, even Arrodes only knew that the book was strange, that many of its former owners had vanished, and that it was suspected of being connected to dragons and the City of Miracles, Liveseyd. This means Groselle's Travels interferes with its surroundings while being activated. Therefore, most previous collectors didn't know there was a problem and had no thought of studying it.

The owners who vanished probably aren't limited to those in the story. The others might have died for various reasons and failed to leave their names in the book.

Klein focused again and performed another divination, hoping to learn how to leave Groselle's Travels.

This time, in the gray and hazy dreamscape, he saw an even more violent blizzard. Atop an icy peak stood an enormous figure.

It was a translucent dragon nearly five meters tall while standing on all fours. It resembled the monstrous cousin of a lizard and had an ugly face with eerie blue eyes. It possessed a thick, powerful tail and a pair of enormous membranous wings. Merely spreading them seemed enough to blot out the sky.

Its scales resembled ice crystals and swirled with crystalline light. They were the most beautiful, dreamlike part of its entire body.

Suddenly, the dragon, which resembled an ice sculpture, raised its neck and body and let out a terrifying roar that pierced the blizzard.

Standing on its hind legs, it reached a height of ten meters.

The King of the North... That frost dragon... Klein left the dream and tapped the armrest of the high-backed chair.

His interpretation of the divination revelation was that the key to leaving Groselle's Travels lay with the King of the North!

Klein's initial conjecture was that only by helping the protagonist, Groselle, accomplish his goal--slaying the frost dragon--could they bring the story to a complete "end" and open a passage out of the book.

However, I can also try forcibly breaking through the barrier between the book's world and the real world... Drawing on his wealth of experience, Klein quickly devised an experiment.

He first picked up the face-down Black Emperor card and fused it with his Spirit Body.

Instantly, Klein's body was covered in black full-body armor, and a heavy crown appeared on his head. His aura became majestic and dignified, radiating an awe-inspiring presence.

Next, he stirred the powers of the mysterious space above the gray fog to their limit, causing them to surge forth like a tidal wave.

Seeing this, Klein didn't hesitate to summon the Sea God Scepter from the junk pile and infuse it with spirituality.

The blue gems at the tip of the bone scepter lit up one after another, radiating a blinding brilliance.

Countless silver bolts of lightning appeared and crackled throughout the grand palace, as though forming a sea of lightning.

Finally, Klein used the suppressive power and balance provided by the Black Emperor's lofty status to infuse the stirred powers into the Lightning Storm.

Rumble!

Thunder reverberated above the gray fog and into the distance as thick bolts of lightning struck down upon Groselle's Travels.

Blinding light engulfed the entire palace for a full twenty seconds.

When it finally subsided, Klein looked at his target and discovered that the mottled table had been reduced to wreckage. The dark brown leather-bound book, however, was completely unharmed. Only its edges had curled slightly.

It's far more impressive than I imagined... That's right. How could an item capable of creating an entire world inside a book be simple... Heh, I wouldn't have suffered a loss if I'd bought it for 8,000 pounds back then. It can be used as a shield and can definitely withstand attacks from Saints. The only problem is that it's too small. It can't cover much... As Klein's thoughts raced, the bronze table swiftly restored itself.

Since he had no way to forcibly tear open the barrier between the book's world and reality, he could only consider entering it through the normal procedure.

Obtain some blood, bring it up here, smear it over the cover, then enter as a Spirit Body with the Black Emperor card and Sea God Scepter? That way, I won't have to worry about encountering the King of the Five Seas, Nast, since he can't sense it. He won't be able to enter the book's world either. But the problem is that rescuing Vice Admiral Iceberg this way will allow her to identify Gehrman Sparrow as Hero Bandit Black Emperor.

Yes, there's an even more important problem. Entering as a Spirit Body means my physical body will remain in the outside world--in the Golden Dream's captain's cabin. I have no idea how time flows inside the book. It could easily take several days. In that case, without protection, my body might meet with an accident. I'm in unfamiliar territory as well. When the time comes, I might rescue Edwina only to discover that "I" am gone. That would be fun. Klein quickly rejected the idea of entering as a Spirit Body.

He didn't trust most of the people aboard the Golden Dream, and he remained wary of the Strongest Hunter, Anderson.

His attempt to divine whether entering the book to rescue Edwina would be dangerous ended in failure. Klein pondered for a moment before returning to the real world. Then, he unhurriedly brought Groselle's Travels back and removed all traces of the ritual.

Looking out the window at the approaching dusk, he walked to the captain's cabin door, unlocked it, and opened it.

Gourmet Bru Walls, Singer Orpheus, and the others were all waiting outside. None had left. Sailors even poked their heads out from the stairwell.

"Any clues?" Bru Walls blurted out, only to find his voice drowned out because everyone at the door was asking the same question.

Klein swept his gaze over them and nodded.

At once, he heard sighs of relief and saw a variety of joyous, excited expressions.

If I vanished one day, who would react like that... Klein reined in his thoughts and said to Danitz, "I need an assistant."

With that, he turned and walked toward the desk.

"All right!" Danitz hurriedly followed and skillfully locked the door.

"What do you need me to do?" he asked hastily. He looked as though he could already see his captain being rescued through his efforts.

Standing beside the desk, Klein solemnly said, "What happens next will be extremely dangerous."

"Extremely dangerous?" Danitz instinctively gritted his teeth.

"You might vanish or even die instantly." Klein informed him of the worst possible outcome.

Seeing how serious the madman Gehrman Sparrow was, Danitz immediately understood the gravity of the situation. His heart sank, and he subconsciously grew agitated.

"W-what does this have to do with rescuing Captain?"

"It's directly related," Klein answered succinctly.

Danitz's expression twisted, and he fell silent for two seconds.

"What happens if we do nothing?"

"Your captain might remain trapped there forever, or she might die in the next second," Klein answered truthfully.

Danitz's mouth fell open, then closed again in silence.

His gaze drifted for several seconds before refocusing on Gehrman Sparrow's face. Gritting his teeth, he said, "Let's begin."

"Dogshit!" he cursed himself softly.

Klein picked up the pen and paper on the desk, wrote a note, and folded it into a square before handing it to Danitz.

"Put it in your pocket. Read it after you enter."

"Enter?" Danitz asked, puzzled and bewildered.

As he spoke, he automatically accepted the slip of paper and stuffed it into his trouser pocket.

Klein didn't answer. He pointed at Groselle's Travels.

"Smear some of your blood on the book's cover."

This... Having formed a vague conjecture, Danitz picked up the bronze dagger beside him and nodded heavily.

"All right!"

Chapter 694: Burn Upon Chanting

Danitz held the bronze dagger and drew it across the back of his left hand, but his hesitation kept him from applying much force.

He looked up and forced a smile.

"Although I've been injured many times, I'm still afraid of pain."

"Get to the point," Klein replied coldly.

Danitz gave a hollow laugh.

"Haha, I'm just a little afraid of pain."

As soon as he said that, he exerted force with his right hand and sliced open a wound on the back of his left hand with the bronze dagger. Evidently, he had spoken to distract himself and reconcile himself to the pain.

Blood quickly seeped out. Danitz immediately put down the dagger, dabbed some blood with a finger of his right hand, and smeared it across the dark brown cover of Groselle's Travels.

Once he had finished, he held his breath and waited for a change.

Suddenly, he saw snowflakes the size of goose feathers. Strong winds howled in his ears, and a biting chill immediately burrowed madly into his body.

Although Danitz was mentally prepared, he was still alarmed. He instinctively looked around to determine where he was.

He realized that, at some point, he had left the Golden Dream's captain's cabin and arrived in a frozen land ravaged by a blizzard. Because of the extreme conditions, he couldn't see into the distance at all. He couldn't even tell whether he stood on a mountain or a flat plain.

I've really entered a strange world... Is Captain here too? Danitz raised a hand to shield his face, afraid that the snow would get into his eyes.

After calming himself, he recalled Gehrman Sparrow's instructions. He hurriedly took the square-folded piece of paper from his pocket and carefully unfolded it.

While doing so, he was especially afraid that some accident would tear the paper or allow the wind to carry it away. That would leave him with no hope at all. Fortunately, nothing of the sort happened, and he saw the words Gehrman Sparrow had written.

"Recite the following honorific name in Hermes, preferably ancient Hermes:

"The Fool that doesn't belong to this era;

"The mysterious ruler above the gray fog;

"The King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck.

"Burn this upon chanting."

This... This is a secret existence on the level of a deity? Thanks to Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina's strict instruction, Danitz wasn't illiterate when it came to mysticism. In fact, he had quite a solid foundation.

Looking at the piece of paper in his hand, he subconsciously gasped, inhaling the freezing wind and icy snowflakes. The biting cold immediately made him cough, and his expression twisted.

He could now confirm one of his previous theories.

Gehrman Sparrow really did belong to a powerful and highly secretive organization! And that organization worshiped an existence known as The Fool, a godlike being!

Indeed, someone so powerful and insane couldn't have appeared out of nowhere. People like that don't simply sprout from the ground... Danitz tugged at his collar and tightened his clothes. Looking at the paper fluttering in the wind, he wore an unmistakably hesitant expression.

He knew very well how dangerous it was to recite the name of an unknown secret existence whose intentions were equally unknown. It could lead to a fate more terrifying than death!

Captain is trapped here too. Furthermore, there's no way out... Danitz clasped his hands and held them before his mouth.

Suddenly, he flung his arms outward and recited The Fool's honorific name in ancient Hermes.

Meanwhile, in the captain's cabin aboard the Golden Dream.

With his own eyes, Klein watched Danitz inexplicably turn illusory and disappear. There was no longer any doubt as to how one entered Groselle's Travels.

After waiting patiently for a moment, he heard a series of illusory pleas, clearly from a man.

Phew, it appears Groselle's Travels can't block the gray fog. The world inside the book remains connected to that mysterious space... This way, even if I enter, I won't be completely trapped or left without any trump cards... Klein made no effort to conceal his sigh of relief.

To confirm this, he took four steps counterclockwise while chanting the incantation. Upon arriving above the gray fog, he saw the light representing Danitz rippling beside The Fool's high-backed chair.

His body and soul entered together... The book's world is extremely stable. I can't shatter it merely by pulling at his Spirit Body... Indeed, if that were possible, the earlier divination would've produced a corresponding revelation... Using the Sea God Scepter is too dangerous. Bestowing it directly on Danitz would only hasten his death... Klein half-closed his eyes and extended his spirituality. After carefully sensing everything for a moment, he reached several conclusions.

Without delay, he immediately returned to the real world. Holding the bronze dagger, he wiped Danitz's blood from it with a piece of paper.

After folding the paper and placing it in his pocket, he began considering his next move.

From the looks of it, smearing blood on the cover causes one to enter directly. That way, I won't have to worry about anything happening to my body. Furthermore, I can resolve the problem very quickly.

But I still can't afford to be careless. I have to guard against other dangers. Hmm... If someone aboard this ship is problematic, they might sneak into the captain's cabin after I enter Groselle's Travels and sacrifice the book to the True Creator, the Primordial Demoness, or the Hidden Sage. Then I'd be in serious trouble. I would definitely suffer a fate worse than death.

Most of the Golden Dream's sailors appear infatuated with Vice Admiral Iceberg. The fact that Anderson's superficial provocation worked so well proves it. Therefore, if I tell them that Vice Admiral Iceberg's life is at stake and have them watch one another to ensure that no one enters, I can be at ease.

The problem is Anderson. He's the Strongest Hunter. He's stronger than any of the Beyonders aboard this ship. Furthermore, he excels at ambushes and infiltration. There's a small chance he could evade everyone's surveillance and secretly sneak into the captain's cabin... His background remains too dubious, and I have no way to truly trust him.

I need to find a way to make him enter Groselle's Travels with me...

As these thoughts ran through his mind, Klein flipped through the ancient book with its yellowish-brown goatskin pages. He discovered that no new content had appeared. The story bore no trace of Danitz's existence.

Does that mean a person must successfully survive and join the protagonist's team before being considered a true part of the story? Will more pages appear then? Klein formed a preliminary conjecture as he walked to the door again and opened it.

"Did it work?" Flowery Bow Tie Jodeson and the others asked.

Klein shook his head and calmly said, "What follows will be a lengthy ritual.

"No one is to enter and disrupt it. Otherwise, Edwina Edwards might disappear forever or even die."

After emphasizing the main point, he looked around and said directly, "I suspect that one of you might have a problem.

"Everyone is to watch everyone else."

Out of habit, Gourmet Bru Walls instinctively wanted to object, but then he suddenly noticed that the captain's cabin was empty. Danitz, who had just entered, was gone.

Recalling the captain's disappearance and confirming that Gehrman Sparrow had found its cause and was now attempting to rescue her, he nodded and said, "I'll take charge of this matter.

"And they will monitor me as well."

Klein didn't dwell on the topic. Instead, he turned toward Anderson Hood, who was leaning against a wall.

"Come in."

Anderson curled the right corner of his mouth and clicked his tongue.

"Anyone unaware of the situation might think I'm your subordinate. Your attitude is practically a model for Provokers."

Despite his complaints, he straightened and strode into the captain's cabin.

After closing and locking the door, Klein turned to face Anderson.

"Are you interested in taking part in a rare adventure?

"You might earn the achievement of hunting a dragon."

Based on his observations over the past few days, Klein believed that Anderson Hood was a curious, adventurous hunter. He enjoyed learning about new things and experiencing novel thrills.

Anderson stared at Gehrman Sparrow's face and seriously sized him up before smiling.

"I'm not interested."

He firmly shook his head.

Then, before Klein could speak again, he chuckled.

"I smell danger. A conceited, insane, and powerful adventurer is actually inviting me on an adventure. What does that imply? It means the matter is extremely troublesome and dangerous!"

I thought you'd be interested. This is different from how you usually act. You really do know when to restrain yourself and when to let loose... Hmm, I'll try threatening him. If that doesn't work, I'll leave this fellow on a deserted island and have the Golden Dream sail away. We can pick him up later. As a Hunter, surviving on a deserted island shouldn't be difficult for him... Klein quickly made up his mind. His gaze turned cold as he looked at Anderson and said, "I will not permit latent risks to remain around me."

Anderson was stunned for a second before swiftly smiling.

"Haha, I was only joking. I'm very interested in the title of 'Dragon Hunter.'"

...You changed your mind far too quickly... If you'd held out a little longer, you could've enjoyed the feeling of being abandoned... Klein nodded, walked back to the desk, and said to Anderson Hood, who had followed him, "Smear your blood on this book's cover. You don't need much."

"Smear it?" Anderson scrutinized Groselle's Travels curiously before surveying the room. "Edwina's disappearance is connected to it? And so is that failure of a Hunter's disappearance? Ah, right. Blazing Danitz. I nearly forgot his name. Fortunately, his bounty has risen a little."

The corner of Klein's mouth twitched as he answered frankly, "That's right."

"Interesting..." Anderson glanced at the desk, picked up the bronze dagger, and casually sliced a bleeding gash in his hand.

Immediately afterward, he carefully put down the dagger and smeared his blood on the dark brown cover of Groselle's Travels.

After observing for a few seconds, Anderson was about to pick up the bronze dagger and wipe away the remaining blood when his vision was abruptly filled by a blizzard.

Seeing Anderson disappear just like Danitz, Klein picked up another piece of paper, wiped the blood from the dagger, folded the paper, and placed it in his pocket.

He wasn't certain whether all three of them would appear in the same place after entering the book's world. Therefore, he had prepared the necessary materials for Dowsing Rod Seeking!

After doing all this, Klein took the dagger and dragged it across the back of his hand.

His facial muscles twitched as he looked diagonally downward. Only after several seconds did he exert force.

His body trembled slightly, and his head turned aside. The corners of his mouth couldn't help parting.

Once blood began flowing, Klein, still holding the dagger, grabbed his cane and quickly smeared the red liquid over the ancient book's cover.

After a brief delay, Klein found himself amid a white expanse of snow.

Chapter 695: Stark Contrast

Gales laden with ice fragments and goose-feather-sized snowflakes battered Klein's face. As he surveyed his surroundings, he couldn't help tensing. He bent forward slightly and trembled.

So... cold... He nearly cursed aloud as he confirmed that he stood in a land of ice and snow with extremely poor visibility.

He had once imagined that Backlund's damp winter cold was terrifying, but now he knew that extremely low temperatures combined with winds as sharp as blades were a deadly combination. Even though he had put on an extra sweater beforehand and wore a thick, long coat, he still couldn't withstand the chill.

He wasn't wearing the Sun Brooch because the heat it generated was psychological. For a short time, it could resist the effects of the intense cold and prevent his body from going numb, but in a perpetually frozen environment, using it would be tantamount to suicide. Psychological heat would cause his pores to open as though it were summer, stripping away his last defense against the low temperature and even inviting it in.

Therefore, Klein had sent the mystical item above the gray fog. He planned to use it only on special occasions.

He couldn't afford to delay in such harsh conditions. After a preliminary survey of his surroundings, he immediately burned the blood on the bronze dagger and stuffed it into his pocket. Then, Klein took out the Adventurer's Harmonica and blew it.

Amid the howling wind, even with Spirit Vision activated, he failed to see Miss Messenger Reinette Tinekerr appear.

Indeed, this place isn't connected to the spirit world. Or rather, it has a unique spirit world of its own... Hmm, it appears praying to the Sea God would be useless. Only charms that point to the mysterious space above the gray fog can tear through the barrier...

That raises a question. As a believer in the God of Knowledge and Wisdom, Edwina knows the true god's honorific name. Why didn't she seek "His" help? Or did she try without success?

Yes... Not every deity personally responds to "Their" believers. Most of the time, "They" seem to provide feedback according to certain laws. You probably couldn't find another "secret existence" like me who personally handles jobs... Klein laughed self-deprecatingly and formed a preliminary judgment.

He then put away the harmonica, took out the slip of paper bearing Danitz's blood, and wrapped it around the tip of his cane.

"Danitz's location."

Klein spoke softly as he began Dowsing Rod Seeking.

Following the result, he trudged through the deep snow and swiftly cut through the icy winds beneath the gloomy sky. From time to time, he performed another divination and adjusted his direction. After all, Danitz wouldn't remain where he had arrived. If he did, he would end up as an ice sculpture.

About ten minutes later, Klein spotted a scarlet flame.

Phew... He exhaled and took a few steps forward to identify his target.

It was indeed Danitz. The famous pirate was rather lightly dressed. He walked forward with his arms wrapped around himself and a lost expression on his face.

However, he didn't seem particularly cold. Scarlet Fire Ravens circled him, boiling the snow and blocking the wind, bringing springlike warmth.

At times like this, Klein especially envied a Pyromaniac. Although a Magician could likewise summon flames, it was an offensive ability that couldn't be sustained. It lasted only an instant. To use it for warmth, he would have to cast it continuously and would quickly exhaust himself. As for Flame Controlling, it required existing flames or combustible material, both of which were sorely lacking in this frozen world.

Seeing the Fire Ravens soaring through the air, Klein quickened his pace and approached.

Danitz jumped in fright when he sensed someone approaching. Upon seeing the newcomer, he immediately sighed in relief. Then, wearing an odd expression, he forced a smile.

"Haha, there aren't any stars here. Getting lost is inevitable."

Klein ignored his words and asked directly, "Did you burn it?"

"I did!" Danitz hurriedly nodded, his entire bearing exuding indescribable fear.

Klein observed him for several seconds. After confirming that he wasn't lying, he displayed Gehrman Sparrow's polite smile.

"Remember.

"Chanting 'His' honorific name makes you 'His' believer."

Danitz's expression twisted, and he forced a smile uglier than tears.

I don't want to change my faith! I have no intention of believing in some unknown existence of dubious origin! he roared inwardly, but didn't utter a word.

He suspected that any retort would result in the madman burying him in the snow!

Klein wore a smile tinged with madness. In a calm tone, he added, "Remember to keep it secret.

"If it is divulged, both you and your captain will die."

"What does this have to do with Captain?" Danitz blurted out.

Maintaining the same expression, Klein smiled at Danitz.

"Guess."

Danitz's mouth fell open. Knowing the reason, all he could do was chuckle hollowly.

"Do I look like someone who can't keep a secret?"

Klein nodded. As he took out the slip of paper bearing Anderson's blood, he chuckled and said to Danitz, "Believe in 'Him.' Serve 'Him.' Perhaps one day, you will become a Blessed like me.

"When that time comes, your name will resound across the Five Seas. You will be in no way inferior to a pirate admiral."

As he spoke, he considered adding a gesture befitting a believer of The Fool, only to realize that no such gesture existed. All he could do was console himself.

A secret organization needs to remain secret. Such superficial gestures are meaningless... Mr. Hanged Man was right...

In no way inferior to a pirate admiral... Danitz's eyes suddenly lit up.

Since I've already chanted the honorific name of this secret existence, there's no way to avoid the consequences from a mystical perspective. I might as well seize this opportunity... Countless thoughts instantly filled his mind, and he had even named his future child.

Heh heh, if it weren't for Gehrman Sparrow's persona, I would've directly said that you'll one day possess a reputation and strength matching Vice Admiral Iceberg. Of course, whether she'll like you is another matter entirely. From my observations, your chances are slim. The partner Edwina desires is someone who can study and improve alongside her, someone capable of discussing all kinds of knowledge... Klein muttered inwardly as he once again used Dowsing Rod Seeking.

"Anderson Hood's location."

"He came in too?" Danitz was first taken aback, then asked in surprise.

Klein finished reciting the statement, released his cane, and determined the direction in which it fell. He then nodded and said, "I couldn't rest easy with him outside."

So you're wary of Anderson Hood as well... Danitz couldn't conceal his smile as he echoed, "That's right! He's the kind of person who smiles to your face, then stabs you in the back the instant you turn around!

"His reputation in the Fog Sea is terrible. No pirate likes him!

"He even deliberately tried to slander you, making us wary and hostile toward you!"

If pirates liked him, his title as the Strongest Hunter would be meaningless... I heard Anderson's provocations... Klein didn't respond. He picked up his cane and proceeded through the blizzard.

Danitz followed closely, using Fire Ravens to scatter the snow and block the cold so that neither of them had to freeze.

Not bad. Quite sensible... At that moment, Klein once again appreciated the benefits of having a servant--someone to hold an umbrella on a rainy day and provide warmth in a blizzard!

Against the vast whiteness, the two resembled black dots trudging through the snow. They continued for nearly twenty minutes before reaching the spot indicated by the dowsing.

"He isn't here..." Danitz surveyed the area but found no trace of Anderson Hood.

He had no doubts about Gehrman Sparrow's Dowsing Rod Seeking, because he himself had just been found with it.

Klein frowned, activated Spirit Vision, and heightened his spiritual perception.

Suddenly, he sensed something. He prodded the ground ahead with his cane, causing the snow to collapse.

The collapse revealed a cave. Inside, dark rocks reflected the glow of a fire.

Klein crouched. He saw that the cave extended into a narrow passage. At its end was a cluster of glowing red rocks. Strange subterranean plants burned slowly while Anderson Hood sat beside them, leisurely roasting an animal resembling a rabbit. The aroma of sizzling fat and the warmth of the fire wafted out and reached Klein and Danitz.

"You fellows are finally here. Want some? There are actually strange rabbits capable of living in this frozen wilderness." Anderson bent down and looked toward the entrance, greeting them as though they were companions joining him on a camping trip.

Although he didn't say anything provocative, I really want to beat him up... Wearing a stoic expression, Klein entered the cave. He approached the fire and savored the long-awaited comfort.

Danitz followed. He looked at the fire roasting the rabbit, then at the Fire Ravens beside him, and silently dispelled them.

"H-how did you find this cave?" Danitz asked resentfully, unwilling to admit his inferiority, even as his body betrayed him by leaning closer to the fire.

Anderson turned the rabbit skewered on his pitch-black sword and glanced at Danitz.

"The first lesson of being a Hunter: observe your surroundings, familiarize yourself with them, and make use of them."

Danitz's expression immediately froze.

Anderson looked at Gehrman Sparrow and chuckled.

"It's a cave I blasted open. How is it? Not bad, right? I controlled my strength perfectly."

As he spoke, he sniffed the air and said, "How fragrant. It seems to be done. Would you like some? Although I didn't bring any seasoning, there's rock salt here. It'll just be a little astringent."

"Are you sure it's edible? If it's a Beyonder creature, a single bite might make you lose control," Danitz said with a click of his tongue.

Anderson glanced at him.

"The second lesson of being a Hunter: distinguish what can and cannot be eaten in the wilderness."

He carefully reached out, tore off a leg, stuffed it into his mouth, and ate with relish.

Klein was about to speak when he suddenly sensed a wanton aura approaching from afar. The oppressive presence of a high-level creature felt extremely real and made Danitz tremble uncontrollably.

The aura swept past without detecting the unusual cave below, then swiftly departed.

The King of the North... The title flashed through Klein's mind.

Chapter 696: Giant Guardian

As the tyrannical aura flew past high above, Anderson abruptly stopped chewing. Only after the entity had moved some distance away did he swallow the remaining rabbit meat and look up at Gehrman Sparrow.

"Was that the dragon you mentioned?"

Klein nodded slightly, confirming Anderson's guess.

The corners of Anderson's mouth slowly curled up, revealing an expression caught between laughter and tears.

"I thought you meant a young or adolescent dragon. The one that just flew past...

"I probably won't become a dragon hunter. Dragon dung, perhaps."

The tyrannical aura emitted by the King of the North really is rather terrifying. Compared to the pieced-together monster aboard the Future, the one that caused hair to grow uncontrollably, it's much stronger... Perhaps it's a Sequence 4, on the level of a demigod... Klein calmly made his assessment without revealing the slightest panic or fear.

He clearly remembered that Groselle's Travels had stated that the female pirate successfully escaped the King of the North's attack before encountering the team led by the protagonist, Groselle.

And Edwina Edwards clearly wasn't a demigod. She was a Sequence 5 of the Reader pathway. Furthermore, because she had been suddenly swallowed by the book, certain mystical items and Sealed Artifacts she didn't habitually carry had been left in the captain's cabin. She probably had only one or two useful tools on her.

Even under those circumstances, she had survived the King of the North's attack. Having only recently advanced and adjusted his inventory, Klein believed it wouldn't pose an insurmountable threat to him. Furthermore, he remained connected to the gray fog and could use the Sea God Scepter to respond!

This was also why Klein had dared enter directly after confirming during Danitz's prayer that he was in an ordinary condition.

Yes, the King of the North doesn't seem like a demigod from an ordinary pathway. According to Vice Admiral Iceberg, it's a Rampager that has accumulated frost-related Beyonder characteristics. It can rival a demigod in certain domains but has flaws in others... Edwina, Anderson, and I, together with the Beyonders in the protagonist's team, won't be helpless! If all else fails, I can still use the Sea God Scepter. I don't believe this book can block items above the gray fog. If it could, it would've demonstrated that long ago... Standing beside the fire, Klein looked down at Anderson and grinned.

"Are you afraid?"

Anderson was taken aback, then immediately beamed.

"Not at all. You seem very confident."

After saying that, he looked at Danitz, who was still trembling and struggling to compose himself, and clicked his tongue.

"Do you know what's most important for a man?"

Danitz had just taken a deep breath. Stunned by the question, he held his right index and middle fingers together and uncertainly pointed toward his crotch.

Anderson blinked, then burst into laughter.

"...Bastard, you really are a vulgar pirate!

"Haha, I was about to say something, but... Haha, I can't remember it!

"Oh, right. Courage. I meant that courage is the most important thing for a man. Look at you. The dragon hasn't even attacked, yet you're nearly cowering with your head in your hands and begging for mercy!"

Danitz's face instantly flushed red as he glared at Anderson.

You didn't act like this back in Toscarter... Klein couldn't help lampooning inwardly.

Danitz was about to explain that he had merely been affected by the high-level creature when he suddenly recalled what had just been said. His expression immediately returned to normal, and he casually replied, "I can't compare to dragon dung."

Anderson's smile froze. He coughed lightly and, as though nothing had happened, tore off another rabbit leg and handed it to Gehrman Sparrow.

"Want a bite?"

Klein remained silent for several seconds before slowly shaking his head.

"This is a strange world. Until we've confirmed that there are no problems, it's best not to eat anything here.

"Perhaps a piece of rabbit meat might make you remain here forever."

...

Anderson moved the roasted rabbit leg toward his nose before slowly lowering it. Then, his face collapsed. "Why didn't you say that earlier?"

Klein calmly replied, "I only just thought of it."

Anderson's expression twisted as he lowered his head and quickly bit into the roasted rabbit leg.

"A-aren't you afraid something terrible really will happen?" Anderson's actions alarmed Danitz.

Anderson laughed helplessly.

"I already ate one earlier. I've probably digested it by now... Since there's no turning back, I might as well enjoy it."

Klein and Danitz were momentarily at a loss for words.

After Anderson finished gnawing the rabbit leg, he deliberated and asked, "Are you really not eating?

"We have no idea how long we'll be here. If we truly starve, how are we supposed to fight the dragon?"

Klein didn't answer. He took out his gold pocket watch and flipped it open.

"It's ten past six in the evening outside.

"We'll eat a little in four to six hours if nothing happens to you."

...

Anderson's mouth fell open, and he was rendered speechless.

Ignoring him, Klein turned to Danitz and said, "We'll rest for fifteen minutes, then search for your captain."

As he spoke, he had already taken out the pearl earring belonging to Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina Edwards.

"All right." Danitz suddenly felt his blood surge with excitement, completely forgetting the cold outside.

About eight seconds later, however, he huddled close to the fire again.

At around seven in the evening outside, Klein pressed down his hat and held his cane. Together with Danitz and Anderson, he followed the revelation provided by his divination and reached a mountain.

After circling boulders encased in thick ice, they saw a dark cave. Standing at the entrance was a woman holding an ancient bow.

The woman had soft, lustrous black hair tied simply in a ponytail. Her delicate features made her look unlike anyone from the Northern Continent.

She wore an ancient-style brown hunter's jacket and trousers and cast an alert gaze in their direction.

Upon seeing her slightly pointed ears, Klein immediately matched her to the contents of Groselle's Travels and guessed her identity.

She was the female elf who had met the giant Groselle at the very beginning. Her name had been unknown.

Compared to Earth, people from the Northern Continent look more Caucasian, but this elf has a more Eastern charm... Klein quickly noted this distinctive trait.

"An elf! She looks exactly like the elves depicted in ancient Church paintings!" Anderson suddenly grew excited. "I have to negotiate with her and convince her to model for me so I can paint a few portraits!"

Beside him, Danitz scoffed and succinctly mocked, "Vulgar!"

Clearly, he hadn't forgotten Anderson's earlier ridicule.

"Is that the only kind of painting you know?" Anderson glanced at him, quickened his pace, and walked toward the female elf.

The moment he approached, the female elf raised her bow without hesitation. The arrow nocked upon it shimmered with silver lightning.

"Wait!" Anderson immediately raised his hands.

It's useless. Most elves belong to the Storm pathway. They're prone to being irascible and rash... Klein secretly activated his Spirit Body Threads vision, planning to establish initial control over the elf so she would listen calmly.

At that moment, Anderson's vision blurred, and he saw two thick, enormous, muscular grayish-blue legs. Embedded in the snow beside them was a huge and terrifying sword!

...

Anderson was horrified to discover that he only reached the figure's knees. His gaze instinctively followed the sword upward, bit by bit.

Only after tilting his head almost completely back did he finally see the giant, who stood nearly four meters tall!

The giant's skin was grayish blue. His abdomen and waist were covered by thick, furry animal hide, leaving the rest of his body bare. Even his legs lacked protection.

He rested his hands on a sword wider than a human doorway and looked at Anderson, Klein, and Danitz with his trademark single vertical eye. In a booming voice, he asked, "Who are you?

"Why have you come to Groselle's camp?"

Klein was about to answer when a familiar figure suddenly emerged from the dark cave. Danitz's eyes instantly filled with delight.

Dressed in an elaborate shirt and dark trousers, Edwina swept her gaze over the trio. Her usually cold expression revealed considerable astonishment, as though she hadn't expected to see Gehrman Sparrow and Anderson Hood here.

She quickly composed herself and looked up at the giant.

"Groselle, they are my companions."

Groselle widened his enormous mouth in a grin and asked happily, "Are you also here to help us deal with Ulyssan?"

Ulyssan? Klein was momentarily at a loss for an answer.

At that moment, he saw Edwina, standing in the giant's shadow, give him a look. She wanted him to answer affirmatively.

Ulyssan is the King of the North? Klein thought, then answered, "Yes."

"Haha, then we're friends!" Groselle looked down at the trio and laughed.

As he spoke, Anderson silently retreated to Gehrman Sparrow's side and whispered, "This is the first time I've met a living giant.

"There's no way to hit his vital points. He's far too tall!"

You can hit his legs... Klein lampooned inwardly before calmly replying, "A larger target is easier to hit."

"...That's true." Anderson agreed.

At that moment, Edwina walked over and introduced the two figures.

"This is the leader of the camp, Giant Guardian Groselle.

"This is the Elven Songster, Siatas."

Elven Songster? Ocean Songster? Klein suddenly felt there was hope of obtaining Mr. Hanged Man's potion formula.

Edwina turned halfway around and said to Groselle and Siatas, "They are my companions.

"The strongest adventurer, Gehrman Sparrow; the treasure hunter, Anderson Hood; and the renowned sailor, Danitz."

...I always thought Vice Admiral Iceberg was the serious type who never lied... Renowned sailor. Heh, in a certain sense, that's true... Klein removed his hat and bowed formally. Anderson followed suit in a casual and perfunctory manner.

Delighted that his captain had introduced him as a companion rather than a subordinate, Danitz reacted more slowly than the others and bowed in a fluster.

Groselle laughed.

"Come inside. We may have to fight that evil dragon, Ulyssan, at any moment!"

How warm and amiable... Yet both the Churches' canons and the City of Silver's myths describe giants as extremely violent creatures with a powerful urge to destroy... Yes, anything is possible in a book. It all depends on whether the author can make everything flow naturally... Klein nodded slightly and followed Groselle into the spacious cave.

Seeing this, Edwina approached the trio without displaying anything unusual. As though merely guiding them, she whispered, "The history they describe is somewhat strange.

"The same is true of their languages. Regardless of what language each of us speaks, everyone can understand it."

Chapter 697: Story's Progress

Everyone can understand one another regardless of the language they use? Klein set aside Edwina's first sentence and focused on the second, which didn't appear especially problematic.

Although this was a book world created by Groselle's Travels, and anything was possible, certain details still revealed underlying issues.

Klein wasn't particularly concerned with the fact that they could understand one another, but rather with the mechanism that made that understanding possible.

Does this world incorporate something like a law of language comprehension, or is there a consciousness high above everyone, translating in real time just as I do during the Tarot Gatherings? If it's the former, those who don't understand Jotun will hear an unfamiliar language but comprehend its meaning. If it's the latter, they will hear a language familiar to them... Because Klein knew many ancient and supernatural languages, he couldn't immediately determine the answer. He slowed and walked alongside Danitz, asking in a lowered voice, "Can you tell what language Groselle was speaking?"

Danitz was taken aback. After recalling it, he said, "It sounded vaguely familiar yet unfamiliar, but I could understand everything."

Of the supernatural languages, he knew ancient Hermes and, to a lesser extent, Elvish. He was only a beginner in Jotun.

Yes, it's something like a law of language comprehension... Comprehension on the level of the mind... This means that the fundamental rules of the entire book world can differ from those of the outside world. It's an inherent setting, but the changes don't appear capable of exceeding certain limits. This remains uncertain and requires verification. After all, I can't rule out the existence of someone like The Fool who translates communication directly through the mind... Edwina truly is perceptive and observant. The issue she discovered points directly to the essence of this book world... Amid his thoughts, Klein unhurriedly entered the vast, dark cave.

As for the history described by the protagonist's team, he wasn't surprised in the slightest. In fact, he looked forward to hearing the details.

Klein had long known that the various Churches and countries of the Northern Continent had consciously attempted to destroy or conceal information, hiding the true history of the Fourth, Third, and even Second Epochs. What passed for common knowledge differed from what those who had lived in those eras had actually experienced.

This was also one of the reasons Klein had taken the risk of entering the book world!

Inside the spacious, drafty cave, a bonfire cast its light and warmth upon three humanoid figures.

One was a middle-aged man in an extremely austere white robe. He had wrinkles but didn't appear old. With his back to the fire, he faced the stone wall, eyes closed and absorbed in prayer. His hair was short and brown, and his shoulders, arms, calves, and feet were exposed, revealing all kinds of old scars.

Beside him was a young man using a stone as a pillow. He wore heavy black full-body armor. Near his hand was a black sword that emitted a cold glimmer. His rather deep-set features were distinctly Loenese.

Opposite the two sat a strangely dressed man in his thirties whose appearance evoked a sense of unease. He wore a sharp, rigid black hat, and the buttons on his coat didn't match. Everything about him was messy, chaotic, highly asymmetrical, and discordant.

Furthermore, the toes of his leather boots curled sharply upward, making him resemble a circus clown.

The man was rather handsome, with flaxen hair, dark brown eyes, a high nose, and thin lips. Even while seated, he gave off an air of arrogance.

Edwina pointed at him and said, "Viscount Mobet Zoroast of the Solomon Empire, a gentleman capable of stealing the thoughts and dreams of others."

"You needn't mince words. Hello, I'm a Sequence 5 Dream Stealer of the Marauder pathway," Mobet said with a chuckle, displaying none of the arrogance his appearance suggested.

A member of the Zoroast family... The angel parasitizing Leonard is from this family. Perhaps they know each other? Heh, I now know the names of Sequence 4 and 5 of the Marauder pathway, yet I don't even know the corresponding Sequence 6 and 7... Numerous thoughts flashed through Klein's mind while he maintained his stoic expression.

At that moment, Anderson warmly greeted Mobet with a smile and asked as though they were old friends, "To be honest, this is the first time I've heard of Dream Stealer. I only know Marauder and Swindler. I'm unaware of the two Sequences between them."

"Are Beyonders of this pathway already so rare? Doesn't Edwina know? Sequence 7 is Cryptologist and Sequence 6 is Prometheus. Haha, allow me to make the introductions." Mobet warmly pointed toward the praying man whose back faced the others. "The devout ascetic Snowman. He believes in the Lord who created everything, the omnipotent and omniscient God. Don't mind him. He has completely sealed himself within his faith. In battle, however, he's an extremely dependable companion. Eh, Snowman, you should at least say something."

Receiving no response, Mobet stroked his chin with a rueful smile.

"This is the treatment I usually receive. You might find it difficult to imagine that I was once an arrogant, reserved, and refined nobleman, but time changes everything. Heh heh, that's what happens when your companion is a giant who only knows how to chuckle foolishly and shout slogans..."

As he said this, Groselle, who was seated on a rock, smiled simply and good-naturedly. He raised a hand and scratched the back of his head, his single vertical eye showing none of the ferocity and cruelty for which giants were reputed.

Mobet shook his head and pointed at the ascetic Snowman.

"As for him, he might not utter a single word for years, even a decade. Siatas is an extremely violent woman. Whenever her emotions are stirred, she beats me. Sigh, I'm now as afraid of her as I once was infatuated with her. Therefore, I can only keep talking to them. Otherwise, I'd definitely go mad!

"Thankfully, Frunziar arrived later. He's quite the conversationalist. Hey, Frunziar, wake up! We have new companions!"

The sleeping, black-armored knight slowly awoke and looked at Klein and the others.

Metal clattered as he suddenly stood. Staring at Klein, he asked, "Loenese?"

"Yes," Klein answered frankly. He discovered that the Loen soldier who had gone missing 165 years ago didn't appear old. He had black hair and sharp blue eyes that unconsciously compelled submission.

Frunziar appeared dazed for a moment before swiftly composing himself.

"Do you know Backlund's Edward family?"

"There are many Edwards in Backlund," Klein replied simply.

"The Edward family who lived at 18 Delahire Street in Northwest Borough," Frunziar pressed anxiously.

Klein shook his head.

"Northwest Borough no longer exists."

"Northwest Borough no longer exists..." Frunziar repeated softly, his voice growing quieter.

He fell silent for several seconds before exhaling.

"I have no idea how many years have passed outside, but it must have been a long time. Edwina told me the current year, but I don't remember the year when I entered... I spent most of my time asleep, and time here seems frozen."

Mobet Zoroast chuckled upon hearing this.

"That's because you were unlucky. Back when we traveled through cities and villages, everything was wonderful."

He looked at Klein, Anderson, and Danitz.

"Back then, we lived in places inhabited by humans and other intelligent races. We married again and again, watching our wives grow old, weaken, and die. Heh, before a new member joined us, we would forget our goal and lead ordinary but happy, peaceful lives for decades or centuries. The only drawback was that we couldn't have children of our own.

"Later, Frunziar arrived, and we entered this region blanketed in ice and snow. We hunted many monsters, but gradually began falling into slumber. We seldom awoke until we met Edwina."

This means time flows normally in the book world. The story's progress is maintained by some force that influences the protagonist's team. Before new members join and the book's pages turn, they'll stop at a certain point and do other things... This is similar to the mental translation of languages...

Conversely, does this mean the towns and villages in the book world also develop normally? Yes, I have to find the King of the North, Ulyssan, quickly. Otherwise, as time passes, we might also succumb to that influence and fall asleep or forget our main objective. We'll remain here for a long time until a new member is swallowed by the book and finds us... Klein fell silent for several seconds. Just as he was about to speak, Edwina said, "There's no need to worry about that.

"We will encounter the King of the North very soon."

"Why?" Anderson and Mobet asked in unison.

Edwina surveyed the area and said, "Before I entered, only a few readable pages remained before the block of stuck pages.

"Now that you have entered and found the camp, there definitely can't be many pages left. The story is about to end."

Mobet nodded almost imperceptibly, agreeing with Edwina's judgment. Anderson softly murmured words such as "stuck pages."

Edwina then introduced Klein, Anderson, and Danitz. Setting an example herself, she sat beside the bonfire.

Klein removed his hat and held it with his cane. He slowly sat and looked at Mobet Zoroast, who seemed inclined to talk.

"Have you heard of the Tudor Empire and the Trunsoest Empire?"

He didn't beat around the bush and asked directly. That suited Gehrman Sparrow's persona.

"No." Mobet shook his head. "Edwina already asked me. Heh, in my era, the Tudors and Trunsoests were like my Zoroast family. We were aristocratic families of the Solomon Empire and loyal subjects of the Black Emperor."

So the Trunsoest and Tudor families betrayed the Solomon Empire... Klein thought for a moment and asked, "What other aristocratic families did the Solomon Empire have?"

"Many." Mobet smiled and looked at Frunziar. "Augustus, Abraham, Zaratul, and so on. In my era, the Church of the Evernight Goddess's archenemies were the Church of the God of Combat and the Eggers family of the Southern Continent. The Churches of the Lord of Storms, the Eternal Blazing Sun, and the God of Knowledge and Wisdom were all at odds, each hoping to gain the Solomon Empire's support."

He paused for two seconds as his expression gradually turned solemn.

"In those days, deities walked the land, not the astral world."

Chapter 698: Fifth King of Angels

Deities walked the land, not the astral world... In the early Fourth Epoch, during the era of the Solomon Empire, there was no distinction between myth and reality. Deities walked the land directly, with no need to descend?

This is somewhat similar to the Second Epoch described in the City of Silver's records. The Giant King's Court and other places were separated from the real world by a door. One needed only to pass through it and could return the same way. Mortals and deities mingled amid chaos and darkness... Also, the astral world truly does correspond to deities... Upon hearing Viscount Mobet Zoroast's description, Klein immediately began connecting the clues.

He subconsciously glanced at Groselle. This giant was very likely someone who had personally experienced the history of the Second Epoch!

Groselle picked up a cup larger than a wooden bucket and gulped down melted snow before laughing.

"Mobet, what is there to be surprised about? Why are you so solemn?"

"I don't know why I became so solemn either." Mobet Zoroast gradually smiled. "Haha, it might have been perfectly ordinary to us, but to them it's terrifying and unbelievable. I have to adopt an appropriate expression to produce a satisfying effect. Do you still remember Frunziar's expression when we first told him those stories? He nearly knelt and begged the Lord of Storms for forgiveness."

...

Klein, Danitz, and the others were momentarily unsure how to respond.

Anderson leaned toward Gehrman Sparrow and said in a lowered voice, "I think he has a talent for being a Provoker."

He appeared to be suppressing his voice, but everyone present could hear him.

Mobet didn't mind. He chuckled and continued, "I know you aren't convinced and find it inconceivable that deities walked the land, just as Edwina did at first. Heh heh, I can give you two examples. The Chasm of Storms on Pasu Island and the Tenebrous Heaven in the Amantha mountain range were the divine kingdoms of the Lord of Storms and Evernight. They were divine kingdoms situated on land, separated from the real world by nothing more than an illusory door!"

Pasu Island? Isn't that where the Church of Storms' holy altar is? The Amantha mountain range... Amantha means serenity in Hermes. Does this refer to the Cathedral of Serenity? After the deities ceased walking the land, did "Their" kingdoms become the headquarters of the respective Churches? Klein instinctively believed that Mobet Zoroast wasn't lying and used his words to reach several conclusions.

Danitz was bewildered and horrified by what he heard. He subconsciously wanted to leave, but when he saw his captain listening attentively, Gehrman Sparrow lost in thought, and Anderson Hood watching with interest, he could only suppress the impulse and seek a more comfortable sitting position.

At that moment, Elven Songster Siatas, who had been guarding the perimeter, walked in and said contemptuously, "Do not mention that false god. The authority of storms belongs only to the king of the elves!"

Her voice was clear and beautiful, but her tone brimmed with anger and irascibility. It seemed as though she might raise her hands and shoot an arrow at Mobet Zoroast at any moment.

"All right, I will use the words 'false god.'" Mobet raised a hand to adjust his sharp, rigid black hat.

Siatas withdrew her gaze. Then, she said to the former Loen soldier Frunziar Edward, who wasn't a particularly devout believer in the Lord of Storms, "It's your turn!"

Frunziar raised his head slightly, his expression dazed.

Apparently, he hadn't noticed the preceding conversation and argument. He drew the iron-black sword beside him and walked toward the cave entrance.

Klein observed him for a moment, then took the opportunity to address the elf Siatas.

"Do you know the Queen of Calamity, Cohinem?"

He wasn't actually certain whether Cohinem was the Elf King Soniathrym's subsidiary god, the Queen of Calamity. His question was intended to have Elven Songster Siatas provide the answer.

Siatas's delicate, exquisite face immediately acquired the same distant expression as Frunziar's.

"I haven't heard 'Her' name in a very long time. 'She' is the queen of us elves.

"Neither Mobet nor Frunziar even knew of 'Her' existence...

"Where did you encounter 'Her'--no, where did you learn about 'Her' circumstances?"

As she spoke, Siatas's tone grew urgent.

At that moment, Danitz looked at Gehrman Sparrow in surprise, marveling at the madman's extensive knowledge. He could even share a topic of common interest with an elf from ancient times.

"I never expected you to be a scholar... I really couldn't tell. Couldn't tell at all..." Anderson sighed and shook his head.

Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina likewise looked at Klein, her limpid blue eyes filled with a powerful thirst for knowledge.

Klein answered frankly, "I once entered ruins belonging to the Queen of Calamity Cohinem and obtained several items."

"Ruins?" Siatas softly repeated the word, her tone suggesting that she had lost something unimportant yet impossible to relinquish.

"Judging by the situation inside, 'She' might not truly be dead." After seeing Siatas's eyes light up, Klein went straight to the point. "Do you have the Ocean Songster potion formula? Can I offer you something in exchange for it?"

He believed honesty and directness were the best approach when dealing with a Beyonder of the Storm pathway.

Siatas considered the question and said, "Exchange one of Her Highness's items for it."

"I only obtained a gold wine cup. It has already been crushed flat. Elaborate patterns are engraved on it, along with the Elvish words 'Calamity' and 'Cohinem.'" Klein didn't conceal the truth.

"I know that cup. It was Her Highness's favorite," Siatas said, unable to conceal her excitement. "Deal!"

"The cup is outside." Klein had no intention of going above the gray fog in front of everyone.

Siatas nodded.

"I understand.

"We will complete the transaction after leaving this book."

With that, she pressed her palms together.

"The Storm will definitely belong to the elves!"

Before anyone could speak, she asked curiously, "What else did you discover there?"

"Several murals depicting the Elf King battling an ancient sun god." Klein glanced at the ascetic Snowman, who believed in the Lord who created everything, the omnipotent and omniscient God.

Still facing the stone wall with his back to the fire, the middle-aged man finally spoke.

"No, 'He' isn't the Sun God.

"'He' is our Lord, the father of all things, the great source of everything.

"'He' wasn't battling the Elf King, but reclaiming the authority that belonged to 'Him.'"

The moment Snowman said this, Siatas stood and aimed her arrow at him.

Suddenly, the Elven Songster's braided black hair flared upward in defiance of the laws of nature. Every strand was distinct and swirled with silver lightning, emitting a strange, deep blue radiance.

Just as Siatas was about to release the arrow, an enormous grayish-blue palm appeared before her and blocked its tip, unafraid of being struck.

It was the giant Groselle's palm. One of his race's defining features was its exaggerated limbs. They were so long that they appeared somewhat distorted. Therefore, despite remaining seated, he could stop Siatas merely by extending an arm.

"All right, Snowman, enough. You know Siatas is an elf who acts before she speaks," Groselle told the ascetic before turning toward the Elven Songster. "Siatas, we are companions who can entrust our backs to one another. We have faced countless dangers together. You may argue with Snowman or even beat him, but do not try to harm him."

As expected of the book's protagonist. He's filled with positivity... But what's the difference between beating and harming him? Klein couldn't help muttering inwardly.

Siatas grunted and sat down, leaving the atmosphere heavy, silent, and awkward.

Giant Groselle surveyed the area with his single vertical eye before chuckling.

"Then I'll tell you about my past.

"Before entering this book, I lived in the Giant King's Court. I was one of the guardians of the Waning Forest, a place only our king could enter. Rumor had it that 'His' parents were buried within, and that they were also the progenitors of us giants."

The Giant King's Court consists of many parts, and the Waning Forest is one of them? The most ancient ancestors of the giants are buried there? Klein listened attentively, wishing only to ask more.

To him, this information was even more valuable than the history of the Fourth Epoch. The City of Silver's hope likely lay in the Giant King's Court.

However, before he could speak, Edwina beat him to it.

"Groselle, what did the book look like when you received it?"

Groselle raised a hand and rubbed his cheek.

"There was nothing in it. It was like an empty book waiting to be written."

I even thought Groselle might be an entirely fictional character created by the book... Klein deliberated for a few seconds and didn't ask directly about the details of the Giant King's Court. He turned to Mobet Zoroast and asked, "Do you know of Blasphemer Amon?"

"Blasphemer refers to the entire Amon family. They are the archenemies of us Zoroasts. It's said that they have an extremely powerful and terrifying ancestor whom even Ouroboros and Medici take extremely seriously. They even fear 'Him,' but no one knows 'His' actual name," Mobet explained in detail.

Ouroboros, Medici? Yes, in those days, the True Creator and Rose Redemption supported the Solomon Empire... Klein's heart stirred, and he immediately asked, "Then have you heard the name Sasrir?"

Mobet was taken aback and slowly shook his head.

"Never."

The Dark Angel Sasrir's name and title vanished after the Cataclysm? Were they buried? Through this, Klein confirmed one fact.

At that moment, Snowman, still facing the stone wall, said in a deep voice, "Sasrir is the Dark Angel, the leader of the Kings of Angels, the one closest to the Lord."

I was waiting for your answer... Klein looked at the ascetic and asked gravely, "Apart from 'Him,' Ouroboros, Medici, and Amon, what other Kings of Angels are there? You needn't say all of 'Their' names."

Klein was afraid of provoking an unnecessary reaction, like the one involving the "repentant one" in Afternoon Town.

Edwina, Anderson, and Danitz had long since become bewildered. The conversation between Gehrman Sparrow and these ancient figures concerned matters they had never heard of. They found it unbelievable that this insane adventurer knew so many secrets!

After several seconds of silence, Snowman said, "There is also the Angel of Imagination, Adam..."

The moment he uttered the name, the entire cave shook. The familiar, mad, and tyrannical aura rapidly descended!

The King of the North, Ulyssan, had arrived!

Chapter 699: Boss Fight

Frunziar Edward, the Loen soldier standing guard at the cave entrance, had just moved when he saw an enormous figure descend from the sky and land on a huge boulder encased in thick layers of ice. Its membranous wings didn't fold. Instead, they remained spread, nearly blotting out all the surrounding light.

The illusory armor-like scales resembling frozen ice and the violent, eerie blue dragon eyes were instantly reflected in Frunziar's eyes. He instinctively sensed danger, raised his iron-black sword, and leaped sideways, rolling far from where he had stood.

At almost the same instant, the King of the North, Ulyssan, opened its mouth and silently spewed a distorted, icy blue flame toward the cave, freezing everything in its path!

A moment later, the icy blue flames formed a tidal wave of illusory light that surged into the dark cave, encasing everything it passed in ice.

The words "Angel of Imagination, Adam" still flashed through Klein's mind. He couldn't help recalling Emperor Roselle's description of the Twilight Hermit Order. Its goal was to resurrect the original Creator, and among its members was either a High-Sequence Beyonder of the Spectator pathway or even the Uniqueness itself. The organization summoned its members through a true dream connecting the eastern and western ends of the continent. Furthermore, it possessed the characteristic of detecting when it was mentioned. Despite all this, Klein still instinctively reacted to the imminent danger.

He lunged sideways toward an uneven section of the cave, attempting to use the rocks ahead to block the attack.

However, the surging icy blue light was like a tidal wave that inundated every corner of the cave. It sealed everything in ice, leaving no safe place within.

As his surroundings transformed into an icy prison, an enormous grayish-blue figure appeared before Klein.

Groselle had silently stepped forward. He knelt on his left knee, leaned forward, and planted his broadsword in front of him.

Light resembling the break of dawn blossomed, forming illusory walls to Groselle's left and right that protected everyone behind him.

The icy blue "tidal wave" surged over and split around the upright broadsword before colliding with the dawn-like light on either side.

Everything before Klein and the others went dark; then a faint light returned.

They could see that the bonfire had been extinguished. The cave was exceptionally dark, with only the dim light outside attempting to penetrate the layers of ice.

At that moment, every inch of space before Groselle was frozen. The giant looked like an insect trapped in amber!

Immediately afterward, the sword embedded in the ground emitted a dawn-like radiance.

The rays converged and enveloped Groselle before transforming into a Hurricane of Light that swept outward.

Silently, an enormous hole was burned through the ice, extending all the way to the cave entrance. Groselle's grayish-blue figure had vanished from his original position.

Elven Songster Siatas, who hadn't had time to tie back her hair, held her bow and arrows. Surrounded by swirling gales, she charged out of the cave without delay. Dressed in his asymmetrical black coat, the Solomon Empire's Viscount Mobet Zoroast muttered, "Don't be in such a hurry," and "It's finally here," as he ran after Siatas.

The ascetic Snowman stood as well. He tapped his chest four times as though tracing the shape of a cross.

"May the Lord bless me!"

With that hoarse, dry declaration, he stepped barefoot onto the bitterly cold ice and ran out of the cave.

Klein didn't hesitate either. He didn't draw his revolver and kept both hands empty. Together with Anderson, who tightly gripped Death Brachydont, he ran into the tunnel through the ice.

Dressed in a shirt with elaborate patterns, Edwina Edwards looked at Danitz, who was trembling under the high-level creature's aura. In a gentle but emotionless tone, she said, "Stay here."

With that, the depths of her blue eyes darkened. Gales howled around her and propelled her out of the cave.

Stay here... Danitz was stunned. He subconsciously surveyed his surroundings and saw the frost-covered walls and the completely extinguished bonfire.

The cave was silent, and he was the only one left.

Danitz gradually stopped trembling, and his mouth fell open. However, he said nothing as he watched his captain disappear beyond the cave entrance.

Outside the cave, Frunziar Edward, who had just rolled away from the first attack, saw Ulyssan spread its wings and prepare to leap into the sky, closing the distance between itself and his companions. Once he had steadied himself and ensured his own safety, he thrust his left palm diagonally forward.

Immediately afterward, he declared in ancient Hermes, "Flying is prohibited here!"

Suddenly, the frost dragon's wings, which blotted out the sky, seemed to be burdened by invisible weights a hundred times heavier than its body. They began flapping with great difficulty.

The King of the North immediately let out a furious roar. The thunderous sound bored into Frunziar's ears and made him stagger.

With a whoosh, the wings finally managed to flap, stirring the surrounding snow and frost into the air.

Although flying had become difficult for Ulyssan, it ultimately succeeded.

At that moment, Disciplinary Paladin Frunziar's expression turned solemn. Once again, he spoke a sentence in ancient Hermes: "Violators will be punished!"

The moment he said this, his figure leaped into the air at a speed greater than Ulyssan's, as though augmented by an unknown power.

Clang!

Frunziar stretched out in midair and swung the iron-black sword in his hand down at the King of the North's neck, his posture filled with absolute certainty that the blow would land.

A distinct crack appeared in the crystalline armor and spread slightly. However, Ulyssan didn't bleed.

The frost dragon didn't even seem to feel pain. Its eerie blue eyes locked onto Frunziar with a cruel and tyrannical expression.

It raised a front claw while Frunziar remained suspended in midair with no means of dodging.

At that critical moment, a hurricane swept over and blew the black-armored Disciplinary Paladin aside, causing Ulyssan's claw to strike empty air. Despite missing, the blow produced an explosive boom.

Elven Songster Siatas had acted without hesitation the moment she rushed out of the cave, immediately saving Frunziar.

Right afterward, her hair flared in defiance of the laws of nature. Each strand was distinct and wreathed in bolts of lightning.

She aimed her arrow at the King of the North, a huge but slow-moving target in the sky, and firmly drew the bowstring.

The sky darkened as though clouds had gathered, lightning leaping among them.

Unable to fly smoothly due to the Disciplinary Paladin's influence, Ulyssan abruptly folded its wings and swooped toward Siatas like a high-speed train.

At that moment, a grayish-blue figure whose presence inspired a sense of security appeared directly in the King of the North's path!

Groselle once again knelt on one knee and planted the broadsword, which was impossible for a human to wield, before him.

Dawn-like light emerged, forming an invisible, impenetrable wall.

Boom!

The collision between the frost dragon and Groselle resembled a terrifying explosion. It shattered the surrounding layers of ice and blasted them outward.

Unable to hold his ground, Groselle was sent flying like a ball. He tumbled past Siatas and slammed loudly into the mountainside. A vast quantity of snow and icy stalactites crashed down from above, nearly causing an avalanche.

Ulyssan, however, wasn't driven back. It remained where it was.

Its swooping attack interrupted, its hind legs sank into the ground while its body leaned forward. It shook its neck, then aimed its open mouth at Siatas.

Mobet Zoroast, the Solomon Empire noble, had already arrived beside Siatas. Seeing this, he hurriedly extended his right hand and rapidly twisted his wrist.

Despite its mouth being completely open, Ulyssan forgot what it was doing. It stood dazed and failed to continue its attack. Suddenly, Mobet turned his head and spat to the side.

"Ptooey!"

The spittle was entirely ordinary and possessed no special qualities.

Seizing the opportunity, the ascetic Snowman, who had just emerged from the cave, raised his arms as though embracing God's grace.

Then, he said to the Elven Songster in ancient Hermes, "God says it is effective!"

With a crackle, the lightning around Siatas brightened dramatically, surged outward, and entwined itself around her arrow.

She released the bowstring, and the arrow shot forth.

Boom!

Dark clouds gathered in the sky as a thick bolt of lightning struck down and augmented the arrow.

The arrow turned completely silver, as though fired by the god of lightning. At an utterly unavoidable speed, it struck Ulyssan's forehead.

Layers of ice vanished, and the illusory armor cracked. The arrow pierced the King of the North's head, causing it to let out a deafening cry.

Light blue blood gushed out and swiftly froze as the frost dragon's ugly face shook violently, silver bolts of electricity dancing across it.

At that moment, Klein and Anderson emerged from the cave. Disciplinary Paladin Frunziar had tumbled to the ground and risen again. Groselle extended his hands from the snowdrift and rubbed his head, apparently not seriously injured.

With so many teammates, I don't need to serve as the primary attacker. I can attempt to control Ulyssan's Spirit Body Threads... From what I've observed, it doesn't seem to possess a demigod's defensive abilities. Of course, it's still much stronger than a Sequence 5... A five-meter range is rather dangerous... Klein looked at the frost dragon and swiftly formed a plan.

Chapter 700: Excellent Teamwork

The King of the North Ulyssan's agonized cries swiftly turned into a roar. Immediately afterward, a blizzard engulfed the area outside the cave, reducing visibility to less than five meters.

Howling gales swept up dense "goose feathers" that filled every inch of space. Meanwhile, an icy blue halo rapidly spread outward along the ground, leaving frozen ice everywhere it passed.

With both his sight and hearing hindered by the blizzard, Klein instantly pictured the corresponding scene in his mind. He hurriedly bent his knees and kicked off with his heels, leaping high enough for the icy blue halo to sweep beneath him.

As for Mobet Zoroast, who wasn't skilled in combat, the icy blue halo was already too close by the time he noticed it. He had no time to jump.

At that moment, he was hoisted into the air by his shoulders while a violent hurricane lifted his feet from below. The combined forces instantly sent him flying upward and spared him from being frozen.

Mobet turned his head and, unsurprised, saw the expressionless Siatas. Because of the "law" prohibiting flight, the Elven Songster could only use strong winds to glide forward.

Anderson, Edwina, Snowman, and Frunziar each reacted appropriately, jumping in time and evading the attack. Only Groselle, who had just pulled his broadsword from the snow, was unable to dodge in time and was struck in the legs by the icy blue halo.

Layers of ice instantly surged upward, and Groselle stood frozen in place like a corpse.

Whoosh!

The exaggerated blizzard obscured every Beyonder's vision, causing them to lose sight of the frost dragon. They could only passively defend against its attacks.

At that moment, Snowman, who hadn't yet landed, once again spread his arms and solemnly declared in ancient Hermes, "God says it is ineffective!"

The violent blizzard immediately weakened. Both the raging hurricanes and dense snowflakes diminished by half.

Siatas vaguely made out an enormous, ugly, lizard-like face. The broken arrow remained lodged in its forehead.

Ulyssan had seized the opportunity to close the distance between them!

Siatas didn't panic. The strong winds abruptly reversed direction, carrying her and Mobet backward. Meanwhile, her pale, cold lips parted as she sang in ancient, abstruse Elvish, "The rocks are destined to be shattered by the waves;

"The trees are destined to be felled by the winds;

"The mountains are destined to crumble beneath the lightning..."

Since each Elvish word was rich with meaning, the resulting sentences were exceptionally concise. Therefore, the lyrics didn't take Siatas much time. Furthermore, from the moment she uttered the first word and began the beautiful, forceful melody, the winds within the blizzard began to change!

The howling wind turned chaotic and scattered in every direction. Ulyssan's enormous figure once again appeared before Klein and the others.

By the time Siatas sang the third line, Disciplinary Paladin Frunziar had already thrust out his right palm and declared profoundly in ancient Hermes, "Imprison!"

Instantly, the frost dragon that was about to charge Siatas and Mobet froze in place. Layers of transparent walls surrounded it.

As Frunziar uttered the soft command, Edwina, who had just regained her footing, made her light blue eyes turn black. A viscous liquid flowed within them, seemingly the manifestation of all the evil buried in the depths of the heart.

She gently clenched her right hand, and Ulyssan rose with a roar, instantly tearing apart the effects of Imprison.

The frost dragon's eerie blue eyes were filled with confusion and pain. It seemed still immersed in emotions of sudden madness and brutality.

Although it was perpetually in such a state, having those emotions fully provoked was still uncomfortable.

Without a doubt, it was a dragon that found its emotions difficult to control!

Seizing the opportunity provided by Ulyssan's brief pause, Anderson Hood condensed a blazing white spear in his hand. He bent backward and hurled it.

Without waiting to see the result, the Strongest Hunter caused flames to appear beneath his feet, melting the ice into water.

Whoosh!

The spear accurately struck the frost dragon's half-open mouth. It swiftly melted through the thick armor of ice, and its remaining force penetrated the upper part of the dragon's forehead.

Ulyssan let out another agonized cry. Its hind legs stamped backward, sending its body lunging forward. Staying close to the ground, it charged Anderson at a terrifying speed.

The only thing in its eyes was the worm that had dealt it such significant damage!

Schwing!

The snow split apart, and a deep, wide chasm opened in the ground. It extended all the way to Anderson's position and continued beyond it.

Bang! Driven by its terrifying momentum, the frost dragon slammed into a boulder covered in thick ice, shattering its outer shell and cracking the stone within!

Had Anderson collided with it, the Strongest Hunter would undoubtedly have been reduced to meat paste. Even being grazed would likely have killed him.

However, at a point within the chasm where Anderson had originally stood, there was a dark hole leading straight down, just wide enough for a person to fit inside.

Pa!

A hand gripped the edge of the hole. Exerting force, the Strongest Hunter, his hair disheveled, leaped out.

After throwing the blazing spear, he hadn't dodged in a panic. Instead, he had used his Beyonder powers to melt the snow beneath his feet and burn through the soil below, silently creating a shallow pit. Then, he had crouched and dropped into it, perfectly evading the King of the North's charge.

At that moment, a pure beam of light descended and struck Groselle, rapidly melting the ice that encased him.

Snowman had used an offensive attack to remove the restraints placed upon the Giant Guardian!

With an explosive burst of dawn-like light, Groselle raised his broadsword and charged the frost dragon in great strides before furiously cleaving downward.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Groselle was only a meter shorter than Ulyssan in its non-humanoid form, and his strength was equally absurd. He repeatedly clashed with Ulyssan's front claws. Though he occasionally wavered and retreated, he quickly recovered, stepped forward, and engaged his opponent again.

With the Giant Guardian occupying the frost dragon's attention, the others responded with relative composure.

Snowman kept his arms spread as a sun-like halo appeared around him. It swiftly expanded, warming all his companions and filling them with immense courage. Furthermore, he carefully kept it from affecting the King of the North.

Not far away, Siatas's hair flared as she drew her bowstring and fired arrows seemingly formed from blades of wind or bolts of lightning. Because her target was so enormous, every arrow struck. Moreover, they all hit the same spot--the frost dragon's "shoulder."

Mobet Zoroast coordinated with Groselle, periodically stealing the thoughts that the King of the North was about to act upon and making it pause briefly. At other times, he attempted to steal its powers, but his several attempts all failed.

Holding his pitch-black sword, Anderson carefully circled to the frost dragon's flank and attempted to strike a particular spot. Disciplinary Paladin Frunziar brandished his iron-black sword, using Prohibition and Imprison to support Groselle's brawl with the frost dragon. Without these restraints, even though the giant was a Guardian, he would long since have been sent flying and subjected to a fatal stomp or blast of icy breath.

Klein looked at Edwina and raised a hand to point at himself.

"Invisibility!"

He didn't know whether she could imitate this power. If she couldn't, he would have to consider another method.

Edwina didn't ask why. Her limpid, light blue eyes immediately reflected Gehrman Sparrow's body as it lost its color and turned transparent.

Then, Klein's figure faded and vanished.

After confirming his condition, Klein swiftly ran toward the intense clash between giant and dragon. With a roll, he arrived beside the King of the North's left foot.

Then, while concentrating on dodging Ulyssan's feet as it fought, he extended his spirituality and began controlling the illusory black threads revealed by the Spirit Body Threads vision he had activated long ago.

Immediately afterward, he rolled and leaped about, searching for room beneath and around the frost dragon.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Silver lightning arrows and pure azure wind blades struck a confined area, shattering the ice armor and tearing through the resilient hide. Soon, the frost dragon's right shoulder became a swath of light blue, and the movements of the corresponding claw slowed almost imperceptibly.

Disciplinary Paladin Frunziar keenly noticed this. As he dodged the icy blue breath, he pointed in that direction and declared in ancient Hermes, "Death!"

With a bursting sound, the blue blood flowing from Ulyssan's right shoulder instantly dried, and the gash widened until its translucent bones became visible.

At that moment, Edwina took out a palm-sized brass mirror and caught part of Ulyssan's body in its reflection.

She reached out with her right hand and grabbed the mirror's surface, pinching the reflection within. Then, she pulled forcefully outward!

Ulyssan's wound instantly worsened and continued spreading, as though its front claw were about to be torn off.

It cried out in agony and suddenly reared up on its hind legs.

Light blue radiance, so pale it was nearly white, surged from the dragon. Within a hundred-meter radius, the temperature plummeted, and a terrifying force followed.

All the Beyonders were suddenly sealed in ice. Their bodies became extremely cold and stiff, and they couldn't help trembling.

Siatas, Mobet, Edwina, Klein, Groselle, Anderson, and Frunziar all displayed similar symptoms. The only person who could barely retain his mobility was the ascetic Snowman, thanks to the training he had endured from being frozen countless times.

He kept his arms spread, half-closed his eyes, and solemnly declared, "God loves everyone!"

Sunlight tore through the wind and snow, and its warmth began melting away the frozen sensation.

Bang!

Ulyssan struck Groselle with a claw and sent him flying. A deep depression was left in the Giant Guardian's chest, severely injuring him.

Temporarily ignoring the others, it fixed its attention on Snowman and charged at him!

No one is protecting Snowman... It's about to leave the five-meter radius... Klein watched the scene, his body somewhat numb. He felt the urge to run into the cave and pray to himself, then respond with the Sea God Scepter from above the gray fog.

At that moment, before the frost dragon could arrive, a scarlet fireball appeared beside the ascetic and exploded without reservation, blasting him away.

It had come from the Strongest Hunter, Anderson.

At the same time, Edwina conjured a fireball in her hand and hurled it at Ulyssan's back, but it missed.

She was creating a path of flames through which Klein could use Flame Jump!

She had learned from Danitz that Gehrman Sparrow possessed this ability!
